UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
1,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-vaisala-corporation-annual-general-073000143.html,Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 29  2022  at 4:30 p.m. at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland.Instructions for shareholders are presented in this notice under section C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting.Adoption of the annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would adopt the annual accounts.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy.The counterproposal will be considered at the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholder holds shares corresponding to at least one hundredth of all of the shares in the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting.,Vaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 29  2022  at 4:30 p.m. at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. Shareholders of Vaisala and their proxy representatives may participate in the meeting and exercise their rights as shareholders only through voting in advance as well as by making counterproposals and asking questions in advance. Instructions for shareholders are presented in this notice under section C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting.Board of Directors of Vaisala has resolved on exceptional procedure for the meeting based on the temporary legislative act approved by the Finnish Parliament on May 7  2021. The company has resolved to take actions enabled by the act in order to hold the meeting in a predictable manner  taking into account the health and safety of the company’s shareholders  personnel  and other stakeholders.Shareholders representing more than 50% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced to support the proposals in this notice to the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala website vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast.During the meeting shareholders can post questions via chat function for a separate post-meeting Q&A session. Asking questions via the chat function are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. Questions referred to in the Act must be delivered in advance as described below. After the Annual General Meeting  company representatives discuss the questions and comments raised via the chat function in a separate moderated Q&A session. This Q&A session is not part of the General Meeting.Story continuesA. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the Meeting2. Matters of order for the MeetingMatti Kari  Attorney-at-law  shall act as a chair of the meeting. In case Matti Kari for a just reason cannot act as the chair  Board of Directors will nominate another person deemed most suitable to act as the chair.3. Election of the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesSakari Hollmén  Director  Business Legal Vaisala  will scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes. In case Sakari Hollmén for a just reason cannot scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes  Board of Directors will at their discretion nominate another person deemed most suitable to take care of these duties.4. Recording the legal convening of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and have the right to attend the Annual General Meeting under Chapter 5  Section 6  and Section 6a of the Limited Liability Companies Act shall be deemed shareholders represented at the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted based on information delivered by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report by the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2021As participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the annual accounts  including the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report  which will be published at the latest by March 4  2022  and which are available on the company‘s website vaisala.com/agm  shall be deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting.The presentation of the President and CEO will be presented during the meeting via live webcast and also be published on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm.7. Adoption of the annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would adopt the annual accounts. The Auditor has supported the adoption of the annual accounts.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.68 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2021 to be paid. The dividend would be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 31  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 11  2022. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.Dividend proposed by the Board of Directors exceeds the minimum dividend in accordance with the Chapter 13  Section 7 of the Limited Liability Companies Act.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO and President from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesAs participation in the General Meeting is possible only in advance  the Remuneration Report published by a stock exchange release at the latest on March 4  2022  is deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting. The Remuneration Report is available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm.Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2023 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2023. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Petri Castrén  Kaarina Ståhlberg and Tuomas Syrjänen will end at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Petri Castrén  Kaarina Ståhlberg and Tuomas Syrjänen be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2025. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that Deloitte Oy  Audit Firm  be re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte has nominated Reeta Virolainen  APA  as the chief auditor.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 29  2023. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 30  2021.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows:The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 1 008 487 shares  which represents approximately 3.39% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.77% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors decides on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 29  2023. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 29  2026. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 30  2021.18. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's annual accounts  the review by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the above-mentioned website as of March 4  2022  at the latest. A copy of the annual accounts will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2022.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGParticipation and exercise of shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting is possible only by voting in advance  or by proxy  and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the instructions given below.1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 17  2022  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company. Participation and exercise of shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting is possible only by voting in advance  or by proxy as described below.2. Notice of participation and voting in advanceThe registration period and advance voting period shall commence on February 25  2022  when the deadline for delivering counterproposals to be put to a vote has expired. A shareholder  who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  must register for the Annual General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation and by delivering his/her votes in advance. Both the notice of participation and votes must be received by the company by no later than on March 22  2022  at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.When registering  requested information such as the name  personal identification number  address and telephone number of the shareholder must be notified. If another representative than the proxy representative nominated by the company is used  the requested information such as the name and personal identification number must be notified also regarding such proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala  Euroclear Finland Ltd or the proxy representative nominated by the company will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders with a Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda during the period February 25  2022–March 23  2022  in the following manners:a. On the company’s website vaisala.com/agmRegistering and voting in advance requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b. By regular mail or e-mailA shareholder may deliver an advance voting form available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm to Euroclear Finland Ltd by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous  Vaisala AGM  PL 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.If the shareholder participates in the meeting by sending the votes in advance by mail or email to Euroclear Finland Ltd  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm no later than on February 25  2022.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. The proxy representative of a shareholder is also required to vote in advance in the manner instructed in this notice. Shareholders not voting in advance are requested to use independent proxy service arranged by the company and authorize the independent proxy representative nominated by the company  Päivi Kuitunen  Counsel of Borenius Attorneys Ltd.  or a person designated by her to represent the shareholder and exercise on his/her behalf the right to vote through the advance voting procedure in accordance with the voting instructions given by the shareholder. Shareholders cannot ask questions or make counterproposals via proxy service. Shareholders can ask questions and make counterproposals as set out in section C.5. Other instructions and information below.The contact information of the independent proxy representative: Counsel Päivi Kuitunen  Borenius Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 2  FI-00130 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail AGMVaisala@borenius.com. When authorizing the independent proxy representative  the shareholder must deliver to the proxy representative a dated proxy document as well as voting instructions no later than on March 21  2022  by which time the documents must be received by the proxy representative.Shareholder can use proxy service nominated by the company at company’s cost.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting. The proxy representative of a shareholder is also required to vote in advance in the manner instructed in this notice.A template for the proxy document and voting instructions will be available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm by no later than February 25  2022  once the deadline for delivering counterproposals to be put to a vote has expired. In case shareholder wishes to use other proxy representative than the one nominated by the company  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  Päivi Aaltonen  PL 26  00421 Helsinki  Finland or by email to yhtiokokous@vaisala.com before the end of the registration time.Delivery of a proxy document and votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Ltd before the expiration of theperiod for the notice of participation constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting if the information required for registering for the meeting set out in C.2. above is included in the documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking IDs or a mobile certificate. More information can be found at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 17  2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 24  2022  10:00 a.m. Finnish time. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account management organization of the custodian bank must see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders holding at least one hundredth of all of the shares in the company have the right to makea counterproposal to the proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  which will be put to a vote. Such counterproposals must be delivered to the company by e-mail to yhtiokokous@vaisala.com by no later than February 23  2022  at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Shareholders making a counterproposal must in connection with delivering the counterproposal present evidence of their shareholdings. The counterproposal will be considered at the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholder holds shares corresponding to at least one hundredth of all of the shares in the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. If the counterproposal will not be taken up for consideration at the Annual General Meeting  the votes given in favor of the counterproposal will not be taken into account. The company will publish possible counterproposals to be put to a vote on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm by no later than February 25  2022.A shareholder may ask questions pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act until March 14  2022  at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time by e-mail to yhtiokokous@vaisala.com. Such questions by shareholders  responses to such questions by the company’s management as well as other counterproposals than those put up to a vote are available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm by no later than March 18  2022. As a prerequisite for asking questions or counterproposals  shareholder must present sufficient evidence to the company of their shareholdings.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 17  2022  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 335 655 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 163 991 821 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 369 981 votes.The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 29  2022  at 4:30 p.m. Finnish time onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm.Vantaa  February 17  2022Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 1 900 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.22,0.45,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'separate post-meeting Q&A session', 'separate moderated Q&A session', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Sakari Hollmén', 'temporary legislative act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Business Legal Vaisala', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'advance voting period', 'Vaisala website vaisala', 'A. MATTERS', 'annual accounts', 'legal convening', 'proxy representatives', 'exceptional procedure', 'Finnish Parliament', 'predictable manner', 'other stakeholders', 'chat function', 'Matti Kari', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'treasury shares', 'Tuesday March', 'live webcast', 'fiscal year', 'section C.', 'Section 6a', 'dividend distribution', 'minimum dividend', '9:30 a', 'company representatives', 'Remuneration Report', 'The Auditor', 'The Board', 'year 2021', 'February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '01670 Vantaa', 'rights', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'Directors', 'May', 'actions', 'order', 'health', 'safety', 'personnel', 'votes', 'Chapter', 'comments', 'Story', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'law', 'chair', 'case', 'reason', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'discretion', 'care', 'duties', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'information', 'Presentation', 'participation', 'agm', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'April', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'members', 'Consideration', '4:30', '10.']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
2,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-notice-annual-general-meeting-084500144.html,Correction to Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc published on February 17  2022: the registration date for nominee registered shareholders for the Annual General Meeting,Innofactor OyjInnofactor Plc Notice to general meeting  on February 18  2022  at 10:45 Finnish timeIn the Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor published on February 17  2022 at 9:05 Finnish time was incorrectly stated that holders of nominee registered shares attending the Annual General Meeting shall be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Friday March 25  2022  at 10:00 AM at the latest.The correct date is Monday  March 28  2022.Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics.Innofactor has approximately 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway.The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy.,Innofactor OyjInnofactor Plc Notice to general meeting  on February 18  2022  at 10:45 Finnish timeIn the Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor published on February 17  2022 at 9:05 Finnish time was incorrectly stated that holders of nominee registered shares attending the Annual General Meeting shall be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Friday March 25  2022  at 10:00 AM at the latest. The correct date is Monday  March 28  2022. The date has been corrected to the attachment in this stock exchange release.Espoo  February 18  2022INNOFACTOR PLCSami Ensio  CEOAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029sami.ensio@innofactor.comDistribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its approximately 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has approximately 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmilesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'nominee registered shareholders', 'Innofactor Plc', 'registration date', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'February', 'The Innofactor Plc share', 'nominee registered shares', 'stock exchange release', 'modern digital organization', 'widest solution offering', 'motivated top specialists', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Oy', '10:45 Finnish time', '9:05 Finnish time', ""shareholders' register"", 'Additional information', 'Main media', 'leading driver', 'Nordic Countries', 'third sector', 'leading know-how', 'Microsoft ecosystem', 'technology section', 'main list', 'Innofactor Oyj', 'Friday March', 'correct date', 'CreatingSmiles\n\nAttachment', 'Sami Ensio', 'Notice', 'February', '10:00 AM', 'Monday', 'Espoo', 'CEO', 'Tel.', 'Distribution', '1,000 customers', 'public', 'Nordics', '500 enthusiastic', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'ModernDigitalOrganization', 'HybridWork', 'PeopleFirst']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
3,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lundin-mining-announces-declaration-regular-223500124.html,Lundin Mining Announces Declaration of Regular and Performance Dividend,"Lundin Mining Logo (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)TORONTO  Feb. 17  2022 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly dividend of CAD$0.09 per share and a semi-annual performance dividend of CAD$0.11 per share  for a combined total of CAD$0.20 per share of dividends declared.The Company's total dividend is supported by its dividend framework aimed at returning to shareholders  through a combination of a regular base dividend and semi-annual variable performance dividend  a minimum target of 40% of operating cash flow after capital investments  contingent payments and distributions to partners.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations in Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those described in forward-looking statements.Lundin Mining Announces Declaration of Regular and Performance Dividend (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)SOURCE Lundin Mining CorporationCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2022/17/c7681.html","Lundin Mining Logo (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)TORONTO  Feb. 17  2022 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly dividend of CAD$0.09 per share and a semi-annual performance dividend of CAD$0.11 per share  for a combined total of CAD$0.20 per share of dividends declared. The dividends are payable on April 13  2022  to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 25  2022 and qualify as an 'eligible dividend' for Canadian income tax purposes.The Company's total dividend is supported by its dividend framework aimed at returning to shareholders  through a combination of a regular base dividend and semi-annual variable performance dividend  a minimum target of 40% of operating cash flow after capital investments  contingent payments and distributions to partners. The declaration  timing  amount and payment of future dividends remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors.Dividends on shares traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (""TSX"") will be paid in Canadian Dollars (""CAD"") on April 13  2022. Dividends on shares traded on Nasdaq Stockholm will be paid in Swedish kronor (""SEK"") in accordance with Euroclear principles on April 15  2022. To execute the payment of the dividend  a temporary administrative cross-border transfer closure will be applied by Euroclear from March 24  2022 up to and including March 25  2022 during which period shares of the Company cannot be transferred between TSX and Nasdaq Stockholm.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations in Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on February 17  2022 at 17:35 Eastern Time.Story continuesCautionary Statement on Forward-Looking InformationCertain of the statements made and information contained herein  other than statements of historical fact and historical information  is ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Such statements include  but are not limited to  payment of the dividend and declaration of future dividends  and timing and amount thereof. Words such as ""if""  ""will be""  ""may"" and ""schedule""  or variations of these terms or similar terminology or statements that certain actions  events or results ""could"" occur or be achieved are intended to identify such forward-looking information. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information contained herein are reasonable  these statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking information is based on a number of assumptions  and subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those described in forward-looking statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward–looking statements or to explain any material difference between subsequent actual events and such forward– looking statements  except to the extent required by applicable law.Lundin Mining Announces Declaration of Regular and Performance Dividend (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)SOURCE Lundin Mining CorporationCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2022/17/c7681.html",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Lundin Mining', 'Performance Dividend', 'Declaration', 'Regular', 'diversified Canadian base metals mining company', 'temporary administrative cross-border transfer closure', 'Canadian income tax purposes', 'applicable Canadian securities laws', 'SOURCE Lundin Mining Corporation', 'semi-annual variable performance dividend', 'regular base dividend', 'operating cash flow', 'Lundin Mining Logo', 'semi-annual performance dividend', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'regular quarterly dividend', 'subsequent actual events', 'forward–looking statements', 'forward– looking statements', 'Canadian Dollars', 'applicable law', 'future performance', 'eligible dividend', 'total dividend', 'dividend framework', 'looking information', 'The Company', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'combined total', 'minimum target', 'capital investments', 'contingent payments', 'Swedish kronor', 'United States', 'contact persons', '17:35 Eastern Time', 'Cautionary Statement', 'historical fact', 'similar terminology', 'undue reliance', 'material difference', 'original content', 'Such statements', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical information', 'CNW Group', 'actual results', 'Euroclear principles', 'underlying assumptions', 'TSX: LUN', 'future dividends', 'LUMI', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CAD', 'share', 'April', 'record', 'close', 'business', 'March', 'combination', 'distributions', 'partners', 'declaration', 'timing', 'amount', 'discretion', 'SEK', 'accordance', 'period', 'operations', 'Brazil', 'Chile', 'Portugal', 'Sweden', 'America', 'copper', 'zinc', 'gold', 'nickel', 'publication', 'agency', 'February', 'Story', 'meaning', 'Words', 'schedule', 'variations', 'terms', 'actions', 'expectations', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'guarantees', 'number', 'variety', 'readers', 'intention', 'obligation', 'extent', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'newswire', 'releases', 'archive']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
4,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/global-investors-sour-indian-bonds-013000709.html,Global Investors Sour on Indian Bonds as Index Inclusion Stalls,Less AttractiveThe index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions.Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman Thursday said India will tackle issues related to global bond index inclusion.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion.,(Bloomberg) -- Foreign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.Most Read from BloombergPineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform. That was seen as an important step in improving foreign investor access by index providers  including JPMorgan Chase & Co.  who are considering adding the securities to their benchmarks.Instead  investors were told the government and Reserve Bank of India are taking a “very calibrated approach” on the issue  with Governor Shaktikanta Das underlining the risk of outflows as well as inflows on index inclusion. Alongside record borrowings -- and a global surge in yields -- the lack of action has soured sentiment toward the nation’s bonds.“As a foreign participant in India’s local bond market  Euroclearability is important in order to ensure best execution for our clients and is a vital component for inclusion to the JPMorgan bond index ” said Anders Faergemann  senior portfolio manager at PineBridge Investments in London. “The outlook for Indian government bonds has turned bearish amid elevated price pressures and a heavy supply calendar.”Overseas investors withdrew about 14 billion rupees ($190 million) from government bonds through the so-called Fully Accessible Route  or bonds with no restrictions for foreigners since Jan. 31  a day before the budget disappointment. They had poured in about 10 billion rupees in the previous week.Story continuesIndia’s 10-year bond yield rose to 6.95% earlier this month  the highest in nearly three years  after the government shocked the markets with its record borrowings. Yields eased later after the RBI surprised with extremely dovish policy. The yield fell four points this week to close at 6.66% after the central bank announced few auction cancellations.The potential index inclusion was expected to bring in as much as $40 billion of inflows and help mop up a record debt supply of 15 trillion rupees.Less AttractiveThe index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions. That is one of the key requirements of index providers such as JPMorgan.That’s a step the nation isn’t willing to take  Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj said at a briefing earlier this month. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman Thursday said India will tackle issues related to global bond index inclusion. Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier. “If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”Uncertain TimingThe impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes. JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion. UTI Asset Management Company Ltd. expects the situation may change quickly in the event of progress.“There are indications that it is not off the table ” said Amandeep Chopra  group president and head of fixed income at UTI AMC in Mumbai. “We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”(Updates with closing bond yields in the sixth paragraph)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.32,mixed,0.2,0.15,0.65,True,English,"['Global Investors Sour', 'Index Inclusion Stalls', 'Indian Bonds', 'UTI Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj', 'Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman', 'PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd.', 'Bloomberg Index Services Limited', 'global bond index inclusion', 'Governor Shaktikanta Das', 'elevated price pressures', 'heavy supply calendar', 'Fully Accessible Route', 'relative value perspective', 'Foreign money managers', 'foreign investor access', 'local bond market', 'senior portfolio manager', 'capital gains tax', '10-year bond yield', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'overall macro situation', 'global bond indexes', 'closing bond yields', 'record debt supply', 'potential index inclusion', 'JPMorgan bond index', 'Indian government bonds', 'parent company', 'UTI AMC', 'global surge', 'global indexes', 'foreign participant', 'index providers', 'Indian debt', 'tax changes', 'fund manager', 'sovereign debt', 'record borrowings', 'Bloomberg LP', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'Indian bonds', 'policy makers', 'Lombard Odier', 'Euroclear platform', 'Reserve Bank', 'best execution', 'vital component', 'Anders Faergemann', '14 billion rupees', '10 billion rupees', 'previous week', 'three years', 'dovish policy', 'central bank', 'auction cancellations', '15 trillion rupees', 'Less Attractive', 'Euroclear transactions', 'key requirements', 'local markets', 'Nivedita Sunil', 'Uncertain Timing', 'considerable uncertainty', 'FTSE Russell', 'other providers', 'Amandeep Chopra', 'group president', 'fixed income', 'near term', 'sixth paragraph', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'important step', 'Overseas investors', 'budget disappointment', 'bond-market reforms', 'opportunities', 'month', 'Co.', 'securities', 'benchmarks', 'approach', 'issue', 'risk', 'outflows', 'inflows', 'lack', 'sentiment', 'nation', 'Euroclearability', 'order', 'clients', 'London', 'outlook', 'restrictions', 'foreigners', 'Jan.', 'Story', 'RBI', 'roadblock', 'authorities', 'briefing', 'concern', 'volatility', 'impetus', 'impasse', 'request', 'comment', 'BISL', 'delay', 'event', 'progress', 'indications', 'table', 'head', 'Mumbai', 'relook', 'positions', 'Updates']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
5,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-innofactor-070500767.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc,Innofactor OyjInnofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 17  2022  at 9:05 Finnish timeThe shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday  March 31  2022  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  Espoo  Finland.It is also proposed that the authorization remain valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available within two weeks of the meeting at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.Registration to the General Meeting can be done:a) by email: yhtiokokous@innofactor.fi;b) by telephone: +358 40 808 5266 (CEO's assistant Anu Vänni)  Monday–Friday at 10 AM–4 PM; orc) by mail: Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland.Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.,"Innofactor OyjInnofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 17  2022  at 9:05 Finnish timeThe shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday  March 31  2022  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting slips will commence at 8:30 AM at the meeting location.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2021Review by the CEO.7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of assetsThe Board of Director’s proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2021.The Board of Directors proposes that for the financial period of 2021 repayment of capital of EUR 0 08 per share is paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 4  2022 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 11  2022.The Board of Directors also proposes that the General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals 3 279 058 EUR. It is proposed that the authorization include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. It is also proposed that the authorization remain valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.Story continues9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Presentation of the remuneration reportAnnual General Meeting’s advisory decision for approval of the remuneration reportThe report is available on the company’s website on March 10  2022 at latestwww.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes in accordance with the Remuneration Committee’s submission that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 48 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 24 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company’s possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2022. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of the member of the Board of Directors be confirmed to four (4).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén  Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a one-year term and their term of office will continuing until the closure of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the election. Detailed presentation of the nominees can be found the company’s website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.The Board of Directors has decided on its proposal after discussing the matter with the largest shareholders of the company.14. Resolution on the auditor's feeThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to reasonable invoice.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  be re-elected as the auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that it will appoint Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the lead audit partner.16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares). The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization is proposed to include the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares.The authorization would be valid until June 30  2023.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.17. Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares).The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an weighty financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially weighty financial reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the authorization include also the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries as defined in Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization.This authorization would be valid until June 30  2023.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.18. Closing the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice to the meeting is available on Innofactor Plc's web site at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/. Innofactor Plc's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and auditing report will be available on Thursday March 10  2022  at the latest  at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/releases-publications-and-reports/. The above mentioned documents will also be available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available within two weeks of the meeting at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.C. Instructions for the participants of the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  by Monday March 21  2022  has the right to attend the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wants to attend the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on Friday  March 25  2022  at 10:00 AM at which time the registration must have been received.Registration to the General Meeting can be done:a) by email: yhtiokokous@innofactor.fi;b) by telephone: +358 40 808 5266 (CEO's assistant Anu Vänni)  Monday–Friday at 10 AM–4 PM; orc) by mail: Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall state his/her name  personal identification number/company number  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible representative  assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of the representative or proxy representative.The personal information given to Innofactor Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related to it.At the location of the meeting  the shareholder or his/her representative or proxy representative shall be able to present proof of identity and/or right to represent  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolder of nominee registered shares shall have the right to attend the General Meeting on the basis of those shares  which would give him/her the right to be registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Monday March 21  2022. Attending the meeting also requires that these shareholder's shares are temporarily registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Friday March 25  2022  at 10:00 AM at the latest. For nominee registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and the registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to attend the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time specified above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder attends the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered in originals to ""Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland"" before the end of the registration period.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice of the meeting  February 17  2022  Innofactor Plc has a total of 37 388 225 shares of one type and representing an equal amount of votes.We welcome the shareholders to the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  February 17  2022INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its approximately 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has approximately 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmilesAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,mixed,0.1,0.05,0.85,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Notice', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', 'lead audit partner', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual accounts', 'public trading', 'Young Oy', 'meeting location', '9:05 Finnish time', 'voting slips', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'record date', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'advisory decision', 'two weeks', 'reasonable invoice', 'Juha Hilmola', 'Innofactor Oyj', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Remuneration Committee', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'interim report', 'shareholders’ register', 'largest shareholders', 'one-year term', 'Detailed presentation', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'entire fee', 'The Board', 'other members', 'Board member', 'capital repayment', 'year 2021', '2021 repayment', 'Notice', 'February', 'Thursday', 'March', '9:00 AM', 'office', 'Keilaranta', 'Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', '8:30 AM', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'assets', 'dividend', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'Story', 'discharge', 'liability', 'approval', 'website', 'accordance', 'submission', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'cash', 'shares', 'possession', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'number', 'closure', 'nominees', 'consent', 'proposal', 'Ernst']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
6,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/bonds/global-investors-sour-on-indian-bonds-as-index-inclusion-stalls/articleshow/89654984.cms,Global investors sour on Indian bonds as index inclusion stalls,BloombergForeign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform.Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier.“If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”The impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes.JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion.“We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”,BloombergForeign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform. That was seen as an important step in improving foreign investor access by index providers  including JPMorgan Chase & Co.  who are considering adding the securities to their benchmarks.Instead  investors were told the government and Reserve Bank of India are taking a “very calibrated approach” on the issue  with Governor Shaktikanta Das underlining the risk of outflows as well as inflows on index inclusion. Alongside record borrowings -- and a global surge in yields -- the lack of action has soured sentiment toward the nation’s bonds.“As a foreign participant in India’s local bond market   Euroclearability is important in order to ensure best execution for our clients and is a vital component for inclusion to the JPMorgan bond index  ” said Anders Faergemann  senior portfolio manager at PineBridge Investments in London. “The outlook for Indian government bonds has turned bearish amid elevated price pressures and a heavy supply calendar.”Overseas investors withdrew about 14 billion rupees ($190 million) from government bonds through the so-called Fully Accessible Route  or bonds with no restrictions for foreigners since Jan. 31  a day before the budget disappointment. They had poured in about 10 billion rupees in the previous week.India’s 10-year bond yield rose to 6.95% earlier this month  the highest in nearly three years  after the government shocked the markets with its record borrowings. Yields eased later after the RBI surprised with extremely dovish policy and auction cancellations.The potential index inclusion was expected to bring in as much as $40 billion of inflows and help mop up a record debt supply of 15 trillion rupees.The index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions. That is one of the key requirements of index providers such as JPMorgan.That’s a step the nation isn’t willing to take  Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj said at a briefing earlier this month. Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier. “If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”The impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes. JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion. UTI Asset Management Company Ltd. expects the situation may change quickly in the event of progress.“There are indications that it is not off the table ” said Amandeep Chopra  group president and head of fixed income at UTI AMC in Mumbai. “We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.32,mixed,0.24,0.09,0.67,True,English,"['index inclusion stalls', 'Global investors', 'Indian bonds', 'UTI Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj', 'PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd.', 'Bloomberg Index Services Limited', 'Governor Shaktikanta Das', 'elevated price pressures', 'heavy supply calendar', 'Fully Accessible Route', '10-year bond yield', 'relative value perspective', 'Foreign money managers', 'foreign investor access', 'local bond market', 'senior portfolio manager', 'capital gains tax', 'overall macro situation', 'record debt supply', 'global bond indexes', 'JPMorgan bond index', 'potential index inclusion', 'Indian government bonds', 'parent company', 'UTI AMC', 'foreign participant', 'Indian debt', 'tax changes', 'fund manager', 'index providers', 'sovereign debt', 'record borrowings', 'global surge', 'global indexes', 'Bloomberg LP', 'Indian bonds', 'policy makers', 'Lombard Odier', 'Euroclear platform', 'Reserve Bank', 'best execution', 'vital component', 'Anders Faergemann', '14 billion rupees', '10 billion rupees', 'previous week', 'three years', 'dovish policy', 'auction cancellations', '15 trillion rupees', 'Euroclear transactions', 'key requirements', 'local markets', 'Nivedita Sunil', 'considerable uncertainty', 'FTSE Russell', 'other providers', 'Amandeep Chopra', 'group president', 'fixed income', 'near term', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'important step', 'Overseas investors', 'budget disappointment', 'bond-market reforms', 'opportunities', 'month', 'Co.', 'securities', 'benchmarks', 'approach', 'issue', 'risk', 'outflows', 'inflows', 'yields', 'lack', 'sentiment', 'nation', 'Euroclearability', 'order', 'clients', 'London', 'outlook', 'restrictions', 'foreigners', 'Jan.', 'RBI', 'roadblock', 'authorities', 'briefing', 'concern', 'volatility', 'impetus', 'impasse', 'request', 'comment', 'BISL', 'delay', 'event', 'progress', 'indications', 'table', 'head', 'Mumbai', 'relook', 'positions']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,economictimes.indiatimes.com
7,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-f-061000416.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of F-Secure Corporation,F-Secure Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  17 February 2022  08.10 EETNotice of the Annual General Meeting of F-Secure CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of F-Secure Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  16 March 2022  starting at 2:00 p.m. at the Company headquarters at the address Tammasaarenkatu 7  Helsinki  Finland.It will not be possible to participate in the General Meeting in person at the meeting venue.The key proposals to the Annual General Meeting will also be discussed in the Q4 webcast  which will be held on 17 February 2022.Shareholders are requested to observe that the session and the webcast are not a part of the General Meeting or the official General Meeting material.Documents of the General MeetingThis notice that includes all the proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting is available on F-Secure Corporation’s website at https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance.,F-Secure Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  17 February 2022  08.10 EETNotice of the Annual General Meeting of F-Secure CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of F-Secure Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  16 March 2022  starting at 2:00 p.m. at the Company headquarters at the address Tammasaarenkatu 7  Helsinki  Finland. The Company’s shareholders may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. Instructions for shareholders are provided in this notice’s section C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting.The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the so-called temporary act which came into force on 8 May 2021 in order to take into account the health and safety of the shareholders  employees and other stakeholders of the Company.It will not be possible to participate in the General Meeting in person at the meeting venue.If a shareholder wishes to submit questions to the Company’s management  such questions to the General Meeting referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act need to be submitted in advance as further described below in section 5  Other instructions and information  of this notice.The Company plans to publish a separate pre-recorded information session with the Company’s top management regarding the key proposals to the Annua General Meeting. The recording will be published later at https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance. The key proposals to the Annual General Meeting will also be discussed in the Q4 webcast  which will be held on 17 February 2022. Shareholders are requested to observe that the session and the webcast are not a part of the General Meeting or the official General Meeting material.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingStory continues1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney Merja Kivelä will serve as chairman of the meeting. In the event Merja Kivelä is prevented from serving as the chairman  the Board of Directors will appoint the person they deem the most suitable to serve as the chairman.3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Company’s Vice President  General Counsel Tiina Sarhimaa will scrutinise the minutes and supervise the counting of votes. In the event Tiina Sarhimaa is prevented from scrutinising the minutes and supervising the counting of votes  the Board of Directors will appoint the person they deem the most suitable to scrutinise the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and who are entitled to participate in the General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6 a of the Limited Liability Companies Act will be deemed shareholders participating in the meeting.The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Oy and Innovatics Ltd.6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2021As participation in the General Meeting is possible only by voting in advance  the annual review to be published by the Company on Thursday  17 February 2022  which includes the Company’s annual accounts  consolidated accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report is deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting. The annual review shall be available on the Company’s website no later than on the above-mentioned date.7. Adoption of the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Company’s dividend policy is to pay approximately half of its profits as dividends. On 31 December 2021  F-Secure Corporation’s distributable funds totalled EUR 81.4 million of which net profit for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2021 was EUR 15.7 million. No material changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position after the date of the balance sheet.F-Secure Corporation’s Board of Directors proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2021 due to the contemplated separation of the Company’s consumer security business that has been communicated by the Company by a separate stock-exchange release at the date of this notice.As the Board of Directors has proposed that no dividend will be paid  the Company’s shareholders have the right to demand a dividend equalling the minority dividend provided for in chapter 13  section 7 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. The amount of the minority dividend would be EUR 7 857 143.94 (based on the situation on the date of this notice  EUR 0.04961 per share)  i.e. 7.84% of the equity of the Company and 50% of the Company’s result of the year. A dividend equalling the minority dividend would become distributable if shareholders with at least one-tenth of all the shares in the Company so demand. A demand for minority dividend would be deemed to have been made if a shareholder votes for the minority dividend in the advance voting  and no separate demand or counterproposal is required to be made.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesAs participation in the General Meeting is possible only by voting in advance  the remuneration report published by a stock exchange release of the Company on Thursday  17 February 2022  is deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting. The remuneration report shall be available on the Company’s website no later than the above-mentioned date.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Personnel Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain unchanged and be paid as follows: EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors  EUR 48 000 for the Committee Chairmen  EUR 38 000 for the members of the Board of Directors  and EUR 12 667 for the member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. Further  the Committee proposes that approximately 40% of the remuneration be paid as shares in the Company repurchased from the market and that the Company pay any transfer tax levied on the repurchase of shares. The Company will repurchase the shares or transfer shares held by the Company as treasury shares in the name and on behalf of the members of the Board of Directors. The travel expenses and other costs of the members of the Board of Directors directly related to board work are paid in accordance with the Company’s compensation policy in force from time to time. Each member of the Board of Directors is paid a predetermined travel fee in addition to travel expenses for meetings held outside their country of residence in accordance with the Company’s travel policy in force from time to time. In addition  the Chairman of the Board of Directors is offered assistant and administrative services.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Personnel Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be seven (7).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Personnel Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that Risto Siilasmaa  Keith Bannister  Pertti Ervi  Päivi Rekonen and Tuomas Syrjänen are to be re-elected as ordinary members of the Board of Directors and Kirsi Sormunen and Tony Smith  who belongs to the personnel of F-Secure Corporation  are to be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. Åsa Riisberg  a current member of the Board of Directors  has notified that she is not available for re-election.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the remuneration to the Auditor be paid in accordance with the approved invoice.15. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as Auditor of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Mr Janne Rajalahti  APA  will act as the Responsible Auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of a maximum of 10 000 000 of the Company’s own shares in total in one or several tranches and with the Company’s unrestricted equity. The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase also in deviation from the proportional holdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorisation comprises the repurchase of shares either in the public trading or otherwise in the market on the trading price determined for the shares in public trading on the date of purchase  or with a purchase offer to the shareholders in which case the repurchase price must be the same for all shareholders. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business  for optimizing the Company’s capital structure  as part of the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares. The authorisation is proposed to be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case until no later than 30 June 2023  and it would terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of year 2021 concerning the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 31 759 748 shares in total through a share issue as well as by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of the shares corresponds to 20 % of the Company’s registered number of shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company. The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms related to the share issue as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used for a potential share issue that may be arranged by the Company to finance the implementation of the Company’s growth strategy relating to its corporate security business remaining with the Company after the completion of the contemplated demerger  as communicated by the Company by a separate stock-exchange release at the date of this notice  as well as for potential acquisitions or other arrangements  share-based incentive schemes or otherwise for purposes decided by the Board of Directors. The authorisation is proposed to be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case until no later than 30 June 2023  and it would terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of year 2021 concerning the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the section 1 of the Articles of Association of the Company shall be amended to read as follows:“1 The business name and domicile of the CompanyThe business name of the Company is WithSecure Oyj and in English WithSecure Corporation and the domicile is Helsinki.”19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice that includes all the proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting is available on F-Secure Corporation’s website at https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance. F-Secure Corporation’s annual review including the Company’s annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report are available on said website on Thursday  17 February 2022. A copy of the annual review will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on Wednesday  30 March 2022.C. Instructions for the participants in the General MeetingIn order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the General Meeting will be organised so that the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative is not allowed to participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue. The Company’s shareholder can participate in the General Meeting and exercise the shareholder rights only in advance in accordance with the instructions set out below.1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on Friday  4 March 2022  the record date of the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. The shareholder can participate in the General Meeting only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance as described below.2. Notification of participation and voting in advanceNotification of participation may be submitted as of  and advance voting will begin at 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday  23 February 2022 following the end of the deadline for submitting counterproposals to be put up for a vote. A shareholder who wishes to participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance must register for the General Meeting and vote in advance no later than by Wednesday  9 March 2022 at 4:00 p.m.  by which time the notice of participation and advance votes must be received.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth personal identification number and contact details  must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data given to F-Secure Corporation or Innovatics Ltd by shareholders will be used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can submit the notice of participation and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the General Meeting between 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday  23 February 2022 and 4:00 p.m. on Wednesday  9 March 2022 in the following ways:Online through the Company’s website https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governanceThe strong identification for the electronic registration and voting in advance requires the use of Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or mobile certificate.By mail or emailA shareholder voting in advance by mail or email must send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/F-Secure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder participates in the meeting by sending the votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd so that they are received before the end of the time limit of the registration and advance voting period  this constitutes registration for the General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s notice of participation includes the information required for registration that is mentioned on the advance voting form.The voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at the address https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance. Additional information is also available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the time reserved for the notice of participation and advance voting between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon and 1:00 and 4:00 p.m. on weekdays.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise the shareholder rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative may only participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance in the manner instructed in this notice. The proxy representative must personally identify themselves in the electronic identification service and for advance voting using strong identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate such representative’s right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. A statutory representation right can be demonstrated by utilising the suomi.fi e-Authorisations service used in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates are available on the Company’s website at the address https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance at the latest on Wednesday  23 February 2022 at 4:00 p.m. following the end of the deadline for submitting counterproposals to be put up for a vote. Proxy documents are to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/F-Secure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the end of the notification of participation period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. F-Secure Corporation may  if it so wishes  demand original proxy documents if regarded necessary by the Company.Submitting a proxy to Innovatics Ltd before the end of the notification of participation period constitutes due registration for the General Meeting  provided that the required information for the participation listed in this notice is given.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to follow the instructions of such holder’s custodian bank regarding proxies as described in section 4. Holder of nominee registered shares below. If a holder of nominee registered shares wishes to be represented by some other person than such holder’s custodian  the representative must provide Innovatics Ltd a dated proxy demonstrating the right to represent the shareholder.4. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  Friday  4 March 2022  is entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate requires that the holder of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by Friday  11 March 2022 at 10:00 a.m. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.Further information is available on the Company’s website at the address https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one-hundredth of all the shares in the Company have the right to make counterproposals on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting to be put up for a vote. Such counterproposals are required to be sent to the Company by email to investor-relations@f-secure.com no later than on Tuesday  22 February 2022 at 4:00 p.m. In connection with making a counterproposal  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of their shareholding. The counterproposal will be put up for a vote in the General Meeting subject to the shareholder having the right to participate in the General Meeting and holding at least one-hundredth of all shares in the Company on the record date of the General Meeting. Should the counterproposal not be put up for a vote at the General Meeting  advance votes in favour of the proposal will not be taken into account. The Company will at the latest on Wednesday  23 February 2022 at 4:00 p.m. publish any counterproposals that may be voted on  on its website at the address https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting. Such questions may be delivered in the electronic registration service or by email to investor-relations@f-secure.com or by mail to the address F-Secure Corporation/General Meeting  Tammasaarenkatu 7  00180 Helsinki no later than on Wednesday  2 March 2022 at 4:00 p.m.  by which time the questions must have been received. Such questions from shareholders  the Company’s management’s answers to them  and any counterproposals that have not been put up for a vote will be available on the Company’s website at https://www.f-secure.com/gb-en/investors/governance at the latest on Monday  7 March 2022. Shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of their shareholding in connection with submitting questions.On the date of this notice  Thursday  17 February 2022  the total number of shares in F-Secure Corporation is 158 798 739 shares  which represent an equal number of votes. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 411 358 treasury shares. Pursuant to the Limited Liability Companies Act  treasury shares do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.In Helsinki  17 February 2022F-SECURE CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsContact information:Tom Jansson  CFO  F-Secure Corporation+358 40 700 1849investor-relations@f-secure.comTiina Sarhimaa  Chief Legal Officer  F-Secure Corporation+358 50 561 0080,positive,0.84,0.14,0.02,negative,0.04,0.15,0.81,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'F-Secure Corporation', 'Notice', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'General Counsel Tiina Sarhimaa', 'separate pre-recorded information session', 'official General Meeting material', 'separate stock-exchange release', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'consumer security business', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'Attorney Merja Kivelä', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Annua General Meeting', 'advance voting period', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'temporary act', 'material changes', 'consolidated accounts', 'annual review', 'meeting venue', 'F-Secure Corporation', 'other stakeholders', 'key proposals', 'A. Matters', 'Vice President', 'Innovatics Ltd', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'financial position', 'financial year', 'shareholder rights', 'top management', 'Q4 webcast', 'net profit', 'dividend policy', 'minority dividend', 'Other instructions', 'Company headquarters', 'The Company', 'year 2021', 'February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'address', 'Tammasaarenkatu', 'Helsinki', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'section', 'participants', 'Board', 'Directors', 'force', '8 May', 'order', 'health', 'safety', 'employees', 'person', 'chapter', 'recording', 'gb', 'investors', 'governance', 'agenda', 'Story', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'event', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'accordance', 'Presentation', 'report', 'Auditor', 'participation', 'Thursday', 'website', 'mentioned', 'Resolution', 'use', 'payment', 'half', 'profits', 'dividends', '31 December', 'place', 'separation', 'amount', 'situation', '08', '2:00']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
8,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.gov.uk/hmrc-internal-manuals/stamp-taxes-shares-manual/stsm142010,STSM142010 - Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax administration: Stamp Duty Reserve Tax administration: introduction,SDRT AdministrationThe responsibility for notifying and paying Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT) to HMRC rests with the “accountable person” as defined in the Stamp Duty Reserve Tax Regulations 1986 (SI 1986/1711).This is usually the broker acting for the purchaser of the shares.Central collection and reporting through CRESTRegulation 4 of SI 1986/1711 makes the “accountable person” responsible for giving notice to HMRC of a charge to tax and for paying the tax due - see STSM142060.In practice  most SDRT is collected and reported centrally through CREST (see STSM131000) which is operated by Euroclear UK & International Limited (EUI).Where transactions are reported to HMRC through CREST  so that HMRC receives notification and payment of any SDRT due  this discharges the accountable person’s requirement to notify HMRC of these transactions or account for the tax separately.,SDRT AdministrationThe responsibility for notifying and paying Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT) to HMRC rests with the “accountable person” as defined in the Stamp Duty Reserve Tax Regulations 1986 (SI 1986/1711). This is usually the broker acting for the purchaser of the shares.Central collection and reporting through CRESTRegulation 4 of SI 1986/1711 makes the “accountable person” responsible for giving notice to HMRC of a charge to tax and for paying the tax due - see STSM142060.In practice  most SDRT is collected and reported centrally through CREST (see STSM131000) which is operated by Euroclear UK & International Limited (EUI).Where transactions are reported to HMRC through CREST  so that HMRC receives notification and payment of any SDRT due  this discharges the accountable person’s requirement to notify HMRC of these transactions or account for the tax separately. However  if the SDRT is not accounted for through CREST (even if an attempt was made to use CREST to account for it) then then it remains the accountable person’s responsibility to notify and pay HMRC  owing to Reg.4 SI 1986/1711.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.87,0.1,True,English,"['Stamp Duty Reserve Tax administration', 'STSM142010', 'introduction', 'Stamp Duty Reserve Tax Regulations', 'accountable person', 'Central collection', 'Euroclear UK', 'International Limited', 'Reg.4 SI', 'SDRT Administration', 'most SDRT', 'responsibility', 'HMRC', 'broker', 'purchaser', 'shares', 'reporting', 'CREST', 'notice', 'charge', 'STSM142060', 'practice', 'STSM131000', 'EUI', 'transactions', 'notification', 'payment', 'requirement', 'attempt']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,gov.uk
9,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.gov.uk/hmrc-internal-manuals/stamp-taxes-shares-manual/stsm142070,STSM142070 - Stamp duty and SDRT Administration: SDRT Administration: notice of charge and accountable date,The time limits for the notification and payment of Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT) are contained in the Stamp Duty Reserve Tax Regulations (SI 1986/1711).Regulation 3 states that tax is due and payable on the accounting date.The tax will typically be debited from CREST Participants’ accounts within ten days of the date of the transaction.Non-CREST TransactionsTransfers made outside of the CREST system are often referred to as “off market” transactions which involve “residual securities”.Otherwise the “accountable date” is the 7th day of the month following that in which the charge arises (regulation 2 SI 1986/1711).,The time limits for the notification and payment of Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT) are contained in the Stamp Duty Reserve Tax Regulations (SI 1986/1711). Regulation 3 states that tax is due and payable on the accounting date. The accounting date is defined in regulation 2 and varies depending on the circumstances.CREST TransactionsFor transactions within CREST  the accountable date for payment of SDRT to HMRC by the operator of the system is the subject of an agreement between Euroclear UK & International Ltd (EUI) and HMRC. The tax will typically be debited from CREST Participants’ accounts within ten days of the date of the transaction.Non-CREST TransactionsTransfers made outside of the CREST system are often referred to as “off market” transactions which involve “residual securities”.If the agreement to transfer securities could have been reported through CREST then the “accountable date” for the payment of Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (SDRT) (and any interest on overdue tax) is the 14th day after date of the agreement (regulation 2 SI 1986/1711).Otherwise the “accountable date” is the 7th day of the month following that in which the charge arises (regulation 2 SI 1986/1711).Form of notificationNo formal form of notice has been prescribed under regulation 4. The basic information needed is:the date of the agreement the names of the parties the description and number of securities the consideration paid  andthe SDRT payable.Practical guidance on making an SDRT notification is available on gov.uk.Sometimes (for example on an offer for sale) someone other than the accountable person undertakes to notify and pay the tax  having entered into an agreement with HMRC under regulation 4.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,True,English,"['Stamp duty', 'SDRT Administration', 'accountable date', 'STSM142070', 'notice', 'charge', 'Stamp Duty Reserve Tax Regulations', 'off market” transactions', 'CREST Participants’ accounts', 'overdue tax', 'time limits', 'International Ltd', 'ten days', 'Non-CREST Transactions', '7th day', 'basic information', 'Practical guidance', 'accountable person', 'accounting date', 'accountable date', 'Euroclear UK', 'formal form', 'residual securities', 'CREST system', 'SDRT notification', 'payment', 'circumstances', 'HMRC', 'operator', 'subject', 'agreement', 'EUI', 'Transfers', 'interest', '14th', 'month', 'charge', 'notice', 'names', 'parties', 'description', 'number', 'consideration', 'gov', 'example', 'offer', 'sale', 'someone']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,gov.uk
10,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.business-standard.com/article/international/global-investors-sour-on-indian-bonds-as-index-inclusion-stalls-122021800159_1.html,Global investors sour on Indian bonds as index inclusion stalls,Foreign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.Instead  investors were told the government and Reserve Bank of India are taking a “very calibrated approach” on the issue  with Governor Shaktikanta Das underlining the risk of outflows as well as inflows on index inclusion.The potential index inclusion was expected to bring in as much as $40 billion of inflows and help mop up a record debt supply of 15 trillion rupees.Less AttractiveThe index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion.,Foreign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform. That was seen as an important step in improving foreign investor access by index providers  including JPMorgan Chase & Co.  who are considering adding the securities to their benchmarks.Instead  investors were told the government and Reserve Bank of India are taking a “very calibrated approach” on the issue  with Governor Shaktikanta Das underlining the risk of outflows as well as inflows on index inclusion. Alongside record borrowings -- and a global surge in yields -- the lack of action has soured sentiment toward the nation’s bonds.“As a foreign participant in India’s local bond market  Euroclearability is important in order to ensure best execution for our clients and is a vital component for inclusion to the JPMorgan bond index ” said Anders Faergemann  senior portfolio manager at PineBridge Investments in London. “The outlook for Indian government bonds has turned bearish amid elevated price pressures and a heavy supply calendar.”Overseas investors withdrew about 14 billion rupees ($190 million) from government bonds through the so-called Fully Accessible Route  or bonds with no restrictions for foreigners since Jan. 31  a day before the budget disappointment. They had poured in about 10 billion rupees in the previous week.India’s 10-year bond yield rose to 6.95% earlier this month  the highest in nearly three years  after the government shocked the with its record borrowings. Yields eased later after the RBI surprised with extremely dovish policy and auction cancellations.The potential index inclusion was expected to bring in as much as $40 billion of inflows and help mop up a record debt supply of 15 trillion rupees.Less AttractiveThe index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions. That is one of the key requirements of index providers such as JPMorgan.That’s a step the nation isn’t willing to take  Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj said at a briefing earlier this month. Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local“The impetus to add now to is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier. “If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”Uncertain TimingThe impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when might be added to global indexes. JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion. UTI Asset Management Company Ltd. expects the situation may change quickly in the event of progress.“There are indications that it is not off the table ” said Amandeep Chopra  group president and head of fixed income at UTI AMC in Mumbai. “We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.32,mixed,0.2,0.12,0.68,True,English,"['index inclusion stalls', 'Global investors', 'Indian bonds', 'UTI Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj', 'PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd', 'Bloomberg Index Services Limited', 'Governor Shaktikanta Das', 'elevated price pressures', 'heavy supply calendar', 'Fully Accessible Route', '10-year bond yield', 'relative value perspective', 'Foreign money managers', 'foreign investor access', 'senior portfolio manager', 'capital gains tax', 'local bond market', 'overall macro situation', 'record debt supply', 'global bond indexes', 'potential index inclusion', 'JPMorgan bond index', 'Indian government bonds', 'parent company', 'UTI AMC', 'Bloomberg LP', 'Indian debt', 'foreign participant', 'tax changes', 'index providers', 'fund manager', 'sovereign debt', 'record borrowings', 'global surge', 'global indexes', 'policy makers', 'Lombard Odier', 'Euroclear platform', 'Reserve Bank', 'best execution', 'vital component', 'Anders Faergemann', '14 billion rupees', '10 billion rupees', 'previous week', 'three years', 'dovish policy', 'auction cancellations', '15 trillion rupees', 'Less Attractive', 'Euroclear transactions', 'key requirements', 'Nivedita Sunil', 'Uncertain Timing', 'considerable uncertainty', 'FTSE Russell', 'other providers', 'Amandeep Chopra', 'group president', 'fixed income', 'near term', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'important step', 'Overseas investors', 'budget disappointment', 'bond-market reforms', 'opportunities', 'month', 'Co.', 'securities', 'benchmarks', 'approach', 'issue', 'risk', 'outflows', 'inflows', 'yields', 'lack', 'sentiment', 'nation', 'Euroclearability', 'order', 'clients', 'London', 'outlook', 'restrictions', 'foreigners', 'Jan.', 'RBI', 'roadblock', 'authorities', 'briefing', 'concern', 'volatility', 'impetus', 'impasse', 'request', 'comment', 'BISL', 'delay', 'event', 'progress', 'indications', 'table', 'head', 'Mumbai', 'relook', 'positions']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,business-standard.com
11,Euroclear,Google API,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/bonds/global-investors-sour-on-indian-bonds-as-index-inclusion-stalls/articleshow/89654984.cms,Global investors sour on Indian bonds as index inclusion stalls,BloombergForeign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform.Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier.“If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”The impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes.JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion.“We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”,BloombergForeign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform. That was seen as an important step in improving foreign investor access by index providers  including JPMorgan Chase & Co.  who are considering adding the securities to their benchmarks.Instead  investors were told the government and Reserve Bank of India are taking a “very calibrated approach” on the issue  with Governor Shaktikanta Das underlining the risk of outflows as well as inflows on index inclusion. Alongside record borrowings -- and a global surge in yields -- the lack of action has soured sentiment toward the nation’s bonds.“As a foreign participant in India’s local bond market   Euroclearability is important in order to ensure best execution for our clients and is a vital component for inclusion to the JPMorgan bond index  ” said Anders Faergemann  senior portfolio manager at PineBridge Investments in London. “The outlook for Indian government bonds has turned bearish amid elevated price pressures and a heavy supply calendar.”Overseas investors withdrew about 14 billion rupees ($190 million) from government bonds through the so-called Fully Accessible Route  or bonds with no restrictions for foreigners since Jan. 31  a day before the budget disappointment. They had poured in about 10 billion rupees in the previous week.India’s 10-year bond yield rose to 6.95% earlier this month  the highest in nearly three years  after the government shocked the markets with its record borrowings. Yields eased later after the RBI surprised with extremely dovish policy and auction cancellations.The potential index inclusion was expected to bring in as much as $40 billion of inflows and help mop up a record debt supply of 15 trillion rupees.The index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions. That is one of the key requirements of index providers such as JPMorgan.That’s a step the nation isn’t willing to take  Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj said at a briefing earlier this month. Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier. “If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”The impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes. JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion. UTI Asset Management Company Ltd. expects the situation may change quickly in the event of progress.“There are indications that it is not off the table ” said Amandeep Chopra  group president and head of fixed income at UTI AMC in Mumbai. “We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.32,mixed,0.24,0.09,0.67,True,English,"['index inclusion stalls', 'Global investors', 'Indian bonds', 'UTI Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj', 'PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd.', 'Bloomberg Index Services Limited', 'Governor Shaktikanta Das', 'elevated price pressures', 'heavy supply calendar', 'Fully Accessible Route', '10-year bond yield', 'relative value perspective', 'Foreign money managers', 'foreign investor access', 'local bond market', 'senior portfolio manager', 'capital gains tax', 'overall macro situation', 'record debt supply', 'global bond indexes', 'JPMorgan bond index', 'potential index inclusion', 'Indian government bonds', 'parent company', 'UTI AMC', 'foreign participant', 'Indian debt', 'tax changes', 'fund manager', 'index providers', 'sovereign debt', 'record borrowings', 'global surge', 'global indexes', 'Bloomberg LP', 'Indian bonds', 'policy makers', 'Lombard Odier', 'Euroclear platform', 'Reserve Bank', 'best execution', 'vital component', 'Anders Faergemann', '14 billion rupees', '10 billion rupees', 'previous week', 'three years', 'dovish policy', 'auction cancellations', '15 trillion rupees', 'Euroclear transactions', 'key requirements', 'local markets', 'Nivedita Sunil', 'considerable uncertainty', 'FTSE Russell', 'other providers', 'Amandeep Chopra', 'group president', 'fixed income', 'near term', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'important step', 'Overseas investors', 'budget disappointment', 'bond-market reforms', 'opportunities', 'month', 'Co.', 'securities', 'benchmarks', 'approach', 'issue', 'risk', 'outflows', 'inflows', 'yields', 'lack', 'sentiment', 'nation', 'Euroclearability', 'order', 'clients', 'London', 'outlook', 'restrictions', 'foreigners', 'Jan.', 'RBI', 'roadblock', 'authorities', 'briefing', 'concern', 'volatility', 'impetus', 'impasse', 'request', 'comment', 'BISL', 'delay', 'event', 'progress', 'indications', 'table', 'head', 'Mumbai', 'relook', 'positions']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,economictimes.indiatimes.com
12,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lundin-mining-announces-declaration-regular-223500124.html,Lundin Mining Announces Declaration of Regular and Performance Dividend,"Lundin Mining Logo (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)TORONTO  Feb. 17  2022 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly dividend of CAD$0.09 per share and a semi-annual performance dividend of CAD$0.11 per share  for a combined total of CAD$0.20 per share of dividends declared.The Company's total dividend is supported by its dividend framework aimed at returning to shareholders  through a combination of a regular base dividend and semi-annual variable performance dividend  a minimum target of 40% of operating cash flow after capital investments  contingent payments and distributions to partners.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations in Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those described in forward-looking statements.Lundin Mining Announces Declaration of Regular and Performance Dividend (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)SOURCE Lundin Mining CorporationCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2022/17/c7681.html","Lundin Mining Logo (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)TORONTO  Feb. 17  2022 /CNW/ - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corporation (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announced that its Board of Directors has declared a regular quarterly dividend of CAD$0.09 per share and a semi-annual performance dividend of CAD$0.11 per share  for a combined total of CAD$0.20 per share of dividends declared. The dividends are payable on April 13  2022  to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 25  2022 and qualify as an 'eligible dividend' for Canadian income tax purposes.The Company's total dividend is supported by its dividend framework aimed at returning to shareholders  through a combination of a regular base dividend and semi-annual variable performance dividend  a minimum target of 40% of operating cash flow after capital investments  contingent payments and distributions to partners. The declaration  timing  amount and payment of future dividends remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors.Dividends on shares traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (""TSX"") will be paid in Canadian Dollars (""CAD"") on April 13  2022. Dividends on shares traded on Nasdaq Stockholm will be paid in Swedish kronor (""SEK"") in accordance with Euroclear principles on April 15  2022. To execute the payment of the dividend  a temporary administrative cross-border transfer closure will be applied by Euroclear from March 24  2022 up to and including March 25  2022 during which period shares of the Company cannot be transferred between TSX and Nasdaq Stockholm.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations in Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on February 17  2022 at 17:35 Eastern Time.Story continuesCautionary Statement on Forward-Looking InformationCertain of the statements made and information contained herein  other than statements of historical fact and historical information  is ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Such statements include  but are not limited to  payment of the dividend and declaration of future dividends  and timing and amount thereof. Words such as ""if""  ""will be""  ""may"" and ""schedule""  or variations of these terms or similar terminology or statements that certain actions  events or results ""could"" occur or be achieved are intended to identify such forward-looking information. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information contained herein are reasonable  these statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking information is based on a number of assumptions  and subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual events or results to differ from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks and uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those described in forward-looking statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward–looking statements or to explain any material difference between subsequent actual events and such forward– looking statements  except to the extent required by applicable law.Lundin Mining Announces Declaration of Regular and Performance Dividend (CNW Group/Lundin Mining Corporation)SOURCE Lundin Mining CorporationCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2022/17/c7681.html",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Lundin Mining', 'Performance Dividend', 'Declaration', 'Regular', 'diversified Canadian base metals mining company', 'temporary administrative cross-border transfer closure', 'Canadian income tax purposes', 'applicable Canadian securities laws', 'SOURCE Lundin Mining Corporation', 'semi-annual variable performance dividend', 'regular base dividend', 'operating cash flow', 'Lundin Mining Logo', 'semi-annual performance dividend', 'Toronto Stock Exchange', 'regular quarterly dividend', 'subsequent actual events', 'forward–looking statements', 'forward– looking statements', 'Canadian Dollars', 'applicable law', 'future performance', 'eligible dividend', 'total dividend', 'dividend framework', 'looking information', 'The Company', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'combined total', 'minimum target', 'capital investments', 'contingent payments', 'Swedish kronor', 'United States', 'contact persons', '17:35 Eastern Time', 'Cautionary Statement', 'historical fact', 'similar terminology', 'undue reliance', 'material difference', 'original content', 'Such statements', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical information', 'CNW Group', 'actual results', 'Euroclear principles', 'underlying assumptions', 'TSX: LUN', 'future dividends', 'LUMI', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CAD', 'share', 'April', 'record', 'close', 'business', 'March', 'combination', 'distributions', 'partners', 'declaration', 'timing', 'amount', 'discretion', 'SEK', 'accordance', 'period', 'operations', 'Brazil', 'Chile', 'Portugal', 'Sweden', 'America', 'copper', 'zinc', 'gold', 'nickel', 'publication', 'agency', 'February', 'Story', 'meaning', 'Words', 'schedule', 'variations', 'terms', 'actions', 'expectations', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'guarantees', 'number', 'variety', 'readers', 'intention', 'obligation', 'extent', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'newswire', 'releases', 'archive']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,finance.yahoo.com
13,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.investegate.co.uk/vaisala-group/gnw/notice-to-the-vaisala-corporation--8217-s-annual-general-meeting/20220218073000H5667/,Vaisala Group: Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General Meeting,Friday 18 February  2022Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingVaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 29  2022  at 4:30 p.m. at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland.Adoption of the annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would adopt the annual accounts.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy.The counterproposal will be considered at the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholder holds shares corresponding to at least one hundredth of all of the shares in the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 29  2022  at 4:30 p.m. Finnish time onwards.,Friday 18 February  2022Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingVaisala CorporationStock exchange releaseFebruary 18  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (EET)Notice to the Vaisala Corporation’s Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Vaisala Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday March 29  2022  at 4:30 p.m. at Vaisala Corporation headquarters  address Vanha Nurmijärventie 21  01670 Vantaa  Finland. Shareholders of Vaisala and their proxy representatives may participate in the meeting and exercise their rights as shareholders only through voting in advance as well as by making counterproposals and asking questions in advance. Instructions for shareholders are presented in this notice under section C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting.Board of Directors of Vaisala has resolved on exceptional procedure for the meeting based on the temporary legislative act approved by the Finnish Parliament on May 7  2021. The company has resolved to take actions enabled by the act in order to hold the meeting in a predictable manner  taking into account the health and safety of the company’s shareholders  personnel  and other stakeholders.Shareholders representing more than 50% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced to support the proposals in this notice to the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders can follow the meeting via live webcast at Vaisala website vaisala.com/agm. Shareholders following the webcast are not deemed to attend the Annual General Meeting so they cannot ask questions or vote online during the webcast.During the meeting shareholders can post questions via chat function for a separate post-meeting Q&A session. Asking questions via the chat function are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. Questions referred to in the Act must be delivered in advance as described below. After the Annual General Meeting  company representatives discuss the questions and comments raised via the chat function in a separate moderated Q&A session. This Q&A session is not part of the General Meeting.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the Meeting2. Matters of order for the MeetingMatti Kari  Attorney-at-law  shall act as a chair of the meeting. In case Matti Kari for a just reason cannot act as the chair  Board of Directors will nominate another person deemed most suitable to act as the chair.3. Election of the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesSakari Hollmén  Director  Business Legal Vaisala  will scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes. In case Sakari Hollmén for a just reason cannot scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of votes  Board of Directors will at their discretion nominate another person deemed most suitable to take care of these duties.4. Recording the legal convening of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and have the right to attend the Annual General Meeting under Chapter 5  Section 6  and Section 6a of the Limited Liability Companies Act shall be deemed shareholders represented at the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted based on information delivered by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report by the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2021As participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the annual accounts  including the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report  which will be published at the latest by March 4  2022  and which are available on the company‘s website vaisala.com/agm  shall be deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting.The presentation of the President and CEO will be presented during the meeting via live webcast and also be published on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm.7. Adoption of the annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would adopt the annual accounts. The Auditor has supported the adoption of the annual accounts.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting a dividend of EUR 0.68 per share out of distributable earnings of the fiscal year 2021 to be paid. The dividend would be paid to shareholders registered in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend distribution  March 31  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend will be paid on April 11  2022. Dividend shall not be paid to treasury shares.Dividend proposed by the Board of Directors exceeds the minimum dividend in accordance with the Chapter 13  Section 7 of the Limited Liability Companies Act.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO and President from liability10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesAs participation in the General Meeting is possible only in advance  the Remuneration Report published by a stock exchange release at the latest on March 4  2022  is deemed to have been presented to the General Meeting. The Remuneration Report is available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm.Ville Voipio  Chair of People and Sustainability Committee will discuss the Remuneration Report.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members elected at the same meeting for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2023 will remain as they are as follows: the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 55 000 and each Board member EUR 40 000 per annum. Approximately 40% of the remuneration will be paid in Vaisala Corporation’s series A shares acquired from the market and the rest in cash.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the attendance fees will remain as are  and for the Chair of the Audit Committee they would be EUR 1 500 per attended meeting and EUR 1 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Chair and each member of the People and Sustainability Committee and any other committee established by the Board of Directors for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2023. The attendance fees are paid in cash.Possible travel expenses are proposed to be reimbursed according to the travel policy of the company.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that the number of Board members be eight (8). The proposal for the number of the Board members is integrally related to the proposal by the same shareholders for the election of the members of the Board of Directors as presented in section 13 below.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe term of office of Board members Petri Castrén  Kaarina Ståhlberg and Tuomas Syrjänen will end at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all the votes in Vaisala have announced their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting  that Petri Castrén  Kaarina Ståhlberg and Tuomas Syrjänen be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The candidates are proposed to be elected for a term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2025. The above-mentioned candidates have given their consent to the election and their personal information is presented on the company’s website vaisala.com/investors.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor be reimbursed according to the invoice presented to the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes on recommendation of the Audit Committee that Deloitte Oy  Audit Firm  be re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte has nominated Reeta Virolainen  APA  as the chief auditor.16. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the directed repurchase of own series A sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the directed repurchase of a maximum of 800 000 of the company's own series A shares in one or more instalments with funds belonging to the company's unrestricted equity.Shares shall be repurchased in a proportion other than that of the shareholders' current shareholdings in the company in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the moment of repurchase (directed repurchase). The shares shall be repurchased and paid according to the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shares so purchased can be used as consideration in possible acquisitions or in other arrangements that are part of the company's business  to finance investments  as part of the company's incentive programs  or be retained  conveyed  or cancelled by the company. The Board of Directors is authorized to decide on the repurchase of own shares in all other respects.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 29  2023. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for directed repurchase of own series A shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 30  2021.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors for authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of the company's own shares as follows:The authorization concerns only treasury series A shares. The authorization is limited to a maximum of 1 008 487 shares  which represents approximately 3.39% of series A shares in the company and approximately 2.77% of all shares in the company. The issuance of own shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue). The authorization entitles the issuance of treasury series A shares as a directed issue without payment as part of the company's share-based incentive plans. The Board of Directors can also use this authorization to grant special rights entitling subscription of the company's own shares that are held by the company. The subscription price of the shares can instead of cash also be paid in full or in part as contribution in kind. The Board of Directors decides on all other conditions of the issuance of own shares.The Board proposes that this authorization is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than September 29  2023. The authorization for the company's incentive plans shall however be valid until March 29  2026. The authorization replaces the previous authorization for issuing own shares granted by the Annual General Meeting on March 30  2021.18. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe aforementioned proposals of the Board of Directors on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available at Vaisala’s website at vaisala.com/agm starting from the publishing of this notice. The company's annual accounts  the review by the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the above-mentioned website as of March 4  2022  at the latest. A copy of the annual accounts will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on website vaisala.com/agm no later than on April 12  2022.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGParticipation and exercise of shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting is possible only by voting in advance  or by proxy  and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the instructions given below.1. Registered shareholderEach shareholder  who is registered on March 17  2022  in the Register of Shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Register of Shareholders of the company. Participation and exercise of shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting is possible only by voting in advance  or by proxy as described below.2. Notice of participation and voting in advanceThe registration period and advance voting period shall commence on February 25  2022  when the deadline for delivering counterproposals to be put to a vote has expired. A shareholder  who is registered in the company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  must register for the Annual General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation and by delivering his/her votes in advance. Both the notice of participation and votes must be received by the company by no later than on March 22  2022  at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.When registering  requested information such as the name  personal identification number  address and telephone number of the shareholder must be notified. If another representative than the proxy representative nominated by the company is used  the requested information such as the name and personal identification number must be notified also regarding such proxy representative. The personal data given to Vaisala  Euroclear Finland Ltd or the proxy representative nominated by the company will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders with a Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda during the period February 25  2022–March 23  2022  in the following manners:a. On the company’s website vaisala.com/agmRegistering and voting in advance requires strong electronic identification (online banking codes or Mobile ID) for natural persons and business ID and the shareholder’s book-entry account number for legal persons. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.b. By regular mail or e-mailA shareholder may deliver an advance voting form available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm to Euroclear Finland Ltd by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous  Vaisala AGM  PL 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to [email protected]If the shareholder participates in the meeting by sending the votes in advance by mail or email to Euroclear Finland Ltd  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.The advance voting form will be available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm no later than on February 25  2022.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the General Meeting by proxy. The proxy representative of a shareholder is also required to vote in advance in the manner instructed in this notice. Shareholders not voting in advance are requested to use independent proxy service arranged by the company and authorize the independent proxy representative nominated by the company  Päivi Kuitunen  Counsel of Borenius Attorneys Ltd.  or a person designated by her to represent the shareholder and exercise on his/her behalf the right to vote through the advance voting procedure in accordance with the voting instructions given by the shareholder. Shareholders cannot ask questions or make counterproposals via proxy service. Shareholders can ask questions and make counterproposals as set out in section C.5. Other instructions and information below.The contact information of the independent proxy representative: Counsel Päivi Kuitunen  Borenius Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 2  FI-00130 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail [email protected] When authorizing the independent proxy representative  the shareholder must deliver to the proxy representative a dated proxy document as well as voting instructions no later than on March 21  2022  by which time the documents must be received by the proxy representative.Shareholder can use proxy service nominated by the company at company’s cost.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting. The proxy representative of a shareholder is also required to vote in advance in the manner instructed in this notice.A template for the proxy document and voting instructions will be available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm by no later than February 25  2022  once the deadline for delivering counterproposals to be put to a vote has expired. In case shareholder wishes to use other proxy representative than the one nominated by the company  proxy documents should be delivered in originals to Vaisala Oyj  Päivi Aaltonen  PL 26  00421 Helsinki  Finland or by email to [email protected] before the end of the registration time.Delivery of a proxy document and votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Ltd before the expiration of theperiod for the notice of participation constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting if the information required for registering for the meeting set out in C.2. above is included in the documents.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of the traditional proxy in Euroclear Finland’s general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”. The assignee must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking IDs or a mobile certificate. More information can be found at website suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 17  2022  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on March 24  2022  10:00 a.m. Finnish time. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructionsregarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxydocuments and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account management organization of the custodian bank must see to the voting in advance on behalf of a holder of nominee-registered shares within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders holding at least one hundredth of all of the shares in the company have the right to makea counterproposal to the proposals for resolutions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  which will be put to a vote. Such counterproposals must be delivered to the company by e-mail to [email protected] by no later than February 23  2022  at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Shareholders making a counterproposal must in connection with delivering the counterproposal present evidence of their shareholdings. The counterproposal will be considered at the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholder holds shares corresponding to at least one hundredth of all of the shares in the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. If the counterproposal will not be taken up for consideration at the Annual General Meeting  the votes given in favor of the counterproposal will not be taken into account. The company will publish possible counterproposals to be put to a vote on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm by no later than February 25  2022.A shareholder may ask questions pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act until March 14  2022  at 4:00 p.m. Finnish time by e-mail to [email protected] Such questions by shareholders  responses to such questions by the company’s management as well as other counterproposals than those put up to a vote are available on the company’s website vaisala.com/agm by no later than March 18  2022. As a prerequisite for asking questions or counterproposals  shareholder must present sufficient evidence to the company of their shareholdings.On the date of this notice of the Annual General Meeting  February 17  2022  the total number of shares in Vaisala Corporation is 36 436 728 shares comprised of 6 731 092 series K shares and 29 705 636 series A shares. Vaisala has 335 655 series A shares in treasury. Each series K share entitles its holder to twenty (20) votes and each A share entitles its holder to one (1) vote. The total number of votes excluding the treasure shares is 163 991 821 of which series K shares represent 134 621 840 votes and series A shares represent 29 369 981 votes.The Annual General Meeting will be available as webcast on March 29  2022  at 4:30 p.m. Finnish time onwards. The link to the live stream can be found at vaisala.com/agm.Vantaa  February 17  2022Vaisala CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKatriina Vainio  General CounselTel. +358 400 790 212DistributionNasdaq HelsinkiKey mediavaisala.comVaisala is a global leader in environmental and industrial measurement. Building on over 85 years of experience  Vaisala provides observations for a better world. We are a reliable partner for customers around the world  offering a comprehensive range of innovative observation and measurement products and services. Headquartered in Finland  Vaisala employs over 1 900 professionals worldwide and is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange. vaisala.com twitter.com/VaisalaGroup,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Vaisala Group', 'Vaisala Corporation', 'Notice', 'separate post-meeting Q&A session', 'separate moderated Q&A session', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Annual General Meeting\n\nVaisala Corporation', 'Stock exchange release', 'Vanha Nurmijärventie', 'Sakari Hollmén', 'temporary legislative act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Vaisala Corporation headquarters', 'Business Legal Vaisala', 'advance voting period', 'Vaisala website vaisala', 'annual accounts', 'A. MATTERS', 'legal convening', 'proxy representatives', 'exceptional procedure', 'Finnish Parliament', 'predictable manner', 'other stakeholders', 'chat function', 'Matti Kari', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'record date', 'treasury shares', 'Tuesday March', 'live webcast', 'fiscal year', 'section C.', 'Section 6a', 'dividend distribution', 'minimum dividend', '9:30 a', 'company representatives', 'The Auditor', 'The Board', 'year 2021', 'Friday', 'February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '01670 Vantaa', 'rights', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'Directors', 'May', 'actions', 'order', 'health', 'safety', 'personnel', 'votes', 'Chapter', 'comments', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'law', 'chair', 'case', 'reason', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'discretion', 'care', 'duties', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'information', 'Presentation', 'report', 'participation', 'agm', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Register', 'April', 'accordance', 'discharge', 'members', '4:30']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,investegate.co.uk
14,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATRIUM-EUROPEAN-REAL-ESTA-6494128/news/Atrium-European-Real-Estate-Limited-Completion-of-Merger-between-Atrium-and-Gazit-Hercules-2020-Lim-39517391/,Atrium European Real Estate Limited: Completion of Merger between Atrium and Gazit Hercules 2020 Limited,EQS-News: Atrium European Real Estate Limited / Key word(s): Delisting/MergerAtrium European Real Estate Limited: Completion of Merger between Atrium and Gazit Hercules 2020 Limited18.02.2022 / 15:47The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Settlement of the consideration payable under the Merger to each Atrium Shareholder is also expected to take place today and payment of the final Pro Rata AFFO Dividend is expected on 23 February 2022.The Company expects those persons holding interests in Merger Shares through Euroclear will receive their consideration shortly following Closing once these amounts have been processed by Euroclear.Atrium Shares will be delisted from the Amsterdam Stock Exchange and the Vienna Stock Exchange today or as soon as possible after today.EnquiriesFTI Consulting Inc.: +44 (0)20 3727 1000Andrew Davis/ Richard Sunderland/ Claire Turvey/Ellie Sweeney: scatrium@fticonsulting.com,"EQS-News: Atrium European Real Estate Limited / Key word(s): Delisting/MergerAtrium European Real Estate Limited: Completion of Merger between Atrium and Gazit Hercules 2020 Limited18.02.2022 / 15:47The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Completion of Merger between Atrium and Gazit Hercules 2020 LimitedJersey  18 February 2022 - Atrium European Real Estate Limited (VSE/Euronext: ATRS)  (""Atrium"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce the successful completion of the statutory merger between the Company and Gazit Hercules 2020 Limited under Part 18B of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991  as amended (the ""Merger"") which occurred today in accordance with the expected timetable of events set out in the shareholder circular published on 23 November 2021 (the ""Shareholder Circular"") and subsequent announcements from the Company. Settlement of the consideration payable under the Merger to each Atrium Shareholder is also expected to take place today and payment of the final Pro Rata AFFO Dividend is expected on 23 February 2022. The Company expects those persons holding interests in Merger Shares through Euroclear will receive their consideration shortly following Closing once these amounts have been processed by Euroclear.The reduction of capital and cancellation of the Merger Shares and the Reduction of Capital Share which were approved at the Reduction of Capital EGM on 1 February 2022 will also take effect today and the final notices in connection with the Merger have been registered by the Registrar of Companies in Jersey  pursuant to Article 127FM of the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991  as amended.Atrium Shares will be delisted from the Amsterdam Stock Exchange and the Vienna Stock Exchange today or as soon as possible after today.Save as otherwise defined  capitalised terms used but not defined in this press announcement shall have the meaning given to them in the Shareholder Circular.EnquiriesFTI Consulting Inc.: +44 (0)20 3727 1000Andrew Davis/ Richard Sunderland/ Claire Turvey/Ellie Sweeney: scatrium@fticonsulting.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.38,0.18,0.44,True,English,"['Atrium European Real Estate Limited', 'Gazit Hercules', 'Completion', 'Merger', 'final Pro Rata AFFO Dividend', 'Atrium European Real Estate Limited', 'Key word(s', 'Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'FTI Consulting Inc.', 'Gazit Hercules 2020 Limited', 'final notices', 'Atrium Shareholder', 'Atrium Shares', 'Part 18B', 'expected timetable', 'shareholder circular', 'subsequent announcements', 'Article 127FM', 'capitalised terms', 'Andrew Davis', 'Richard Sunderland', 'Claire Turvey', 'Ellie Sweeney', 'Capital Share', 'Capital EGM', 'Jersey) Law', 'press announcement', 'successful completion', 'statutory merger', 'Merger Shares', 'EQS-News', 'issuer', 'content', 'VSE/Euronext', 'ATRS', 'Company', 'Companies', 'accordance', 'events', '23 November', 'Settlement', 'consideration', 'place', 'payment', '23 February', 'persons', 'interests', 'Euroclear', 'Closing', 'amounts', 'reduction', 'cancellation', '1 February', 'effect', 'connection', 'Registrar', 'today', 'meaning', 'Enquiries', 'scatrium', 'fticonsulting']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,marketscreener.com
15,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.headlinesoftoday.com/topic/press-releases/correction-to-notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of.html,Correction to Notice of the Annual General Meeting of - Headlines of Today,Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting  on February 18  2022  at 10:45 Finnish timeIn the Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor published on February 17  2022 at 9:05 Finnish time was incorrectly stated that holders of nominee registered shares attending the Annual General Meeting shall be temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Friday March 25  2022  at 10:00 AM at the latest.The date has been corrected to the attachment in this stock exchange release.Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics.Innofactor has approximately 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway.The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy.,Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting  on February 18  2022  at 10:45 Finnish timeIn the Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor published on February 17  2022 at 9:05 Finnish time was incorrectly stated that holders of nominee registered shares attending the Annual General Meeting shall be temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Friday March 25  2022  at 10:00 AM at the latest. The correct date is Monday  March 28  2022. The date has been corrected to the attachment in this stock exchange release.Espoo  February 18  2022INNOFACTOR PLCSami Ensio  CEOAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029sami.ensio@innofactor.comDistribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its approximately 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has approximately 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmiles,neutral,0.09,0.85,0.06,mixed,0.27,0.24,0.49,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Correction', 'Notice', 'Headlines', 'Today', 'The Innofactor Plc share', 'nominee registered shares', 'stock exchange release', 'modern digital organization', 'widest solution offering', 'motivated top specialists', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Oy', '10:45 Finnish time', '9:05 Finnish time', 'shareholders’ register', 'Additional information', 'Main media', 'leading driver', 'Nordic Countries', 'third sector', 'leading know-how', 'Microsoft ecosystem', 'technology section', 'main list', 'Friday March', 'correct date', 'Sami Ensio', 'Notice', 'February', '10:00 AM', 'Monday', 'attachment', 'Espoo', 'CEO', 'Tel.', 'Distribution', '1,000 customers', 'public', 'Nordics', '500 enthusiastic', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Norway', 'ModernDigitalOrganization', 'HybridWork', 'PeopleFirst', 'CreatingSmiles']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,headlinesoftoday.com
16,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FINNAIR-OYJ-1412456/news/Notice-to-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Finnair-Plc-39506073/,Notice to Annual General Meeting of Finnair Plc,MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1.Calling the Meeting to orderAntti Ihamuotila   attorney-at-law  will act as the Chair of the General Meeting.The personal data given to Finnair Plc and Euroclear Finland Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  17 February 2022   the total number of shares and votes in Finnair Plc is 1 407 401 265.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the General Meeting.,"Finnair Plc Stock Exchange Release 17 February 2022 at 6.15 p.m. EETNotice is given to the shareholders of Finnair Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 24 March 2022 at 3.00 p.m. (EET) at the company's headquarters at Tietotie 9  01530 Vantaa  Finland . In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Annual General Meeting will be held without shareholders' and their proxy representatives' presence at the meeting venue. The company's shareholders and their proxy representatives may participate in the meeting and exercise shareholder rights only through voting in advance as well as by making counterproposals and asking questions in advance. Instructions for shareholders are presented in this notice under section C ""Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting"".The Board of Directors of the company has resolved on the exceptional procedure for the Meeting based on the temporary legislative act (375/2021) to limit the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. The company has resolved to take actions enabled by the act in order to hold the Meeting in a predictable manner  taking into account the health and safety of the company`s shareholders  personnel and other stakeholders.A virtual shareholder event will be held online after the Annual General Meeting. This event is not part of the Annual General Meeting. Further information on the contents of the event and instructions on how to participate in the event will be available on the company's website at investors.finnair.com/en no later than on the day of the Annual General Meeting at 9.00 a.m. (EET) .A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to orderAntti Ihamuotila   attorney-at-law  will act as the Chair of the General Meeting. In case Antti Ihamuotila would not be able to act as the Chair of the Meeting for a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will name another person it deems most suitable to act as the Chair.3. Election of the person to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe person to confirm the minutes and to verify the counting of votes will be attorney-at-law Mia Mokkila. In case Mia Mokkila would not be able to act as the person to confirm the minutes and to verify the counting of votes for a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will name another person it deems most suitable to act in that role.4. Recording the legality of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votesThe shareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and who have the right to participate in the Meeting pursuant to Chapter 5 Sections 6 and 6 a of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act will be recorded to have attended the Meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Oy .6. Presentation of the annual accounts including the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2021As participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the company's annual report published on 17 February 2022   which includes the company's financial statements  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report  and which is available on the company's website investors.finnair.com/en  is deemed to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the annual accounts including the consolidated annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the loss shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the loss from the financial period  EUR 307 023 080.56   be recorded in the company's retained earnings/losses and that no dividend be distributed.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January 2021 - 31 December 202110. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesAs participation in the Annual General Meeting is possible only in advance  the company's remuneration report  describing the implementation of the company's remuneration policy and presenting the remuneration of the governing bodies in the financial year 2021  to be published in connection with the annual report on 17 February 2022   is deemed to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The remuneration report is available on the company's website investors.finnair.com/en. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on the remuneration report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting would resolve on the same annual remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors as the Annual General Meeting 2021  and that the annual remuneration would be as follows:Chairperson 63 000 euros ;; Vice Chairperson 32 700 euros ;; Chairpersons of the Audit Committee and Compensation and Nomination Committee 32 700 euros   where these individuals are neither the Chairperson nor the Vice Chairperson of the Board; and  where these individuals are neither the Chairperson nor the Vice Chairperson of the Board; and Other members 30 300 euros per year.In addition to the annual remuneration  each member's fee for a meeting of the Board of Directors or its Committee is 600 euros when the meeting takes place in the member's country of residence and 2 400 euros for other meetings. For telephone meetings  the fee is 600 euros .The members are entitled to reimbursement of reasonable travel and representation expenses in accordance with the company's general expenses policy. The members and their spouses are entitled to discounted travel on the company's flights in accordance with the company's discount ticket policy regarding the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be confirmed as eight (8).13. Election of the Chairperson and other members of the Board of DirectorsThe current members of the company's Board of Directors are Tiina Alahuhta-Kasko   Colm Barrington   Montie Brewer   Jukka Erlund   Hannele Jakosuo-Jansson   Jouko Karvinen   Henrik Kjellberg and Maija Strandberg . The Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that all the current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected exclusive of Colm Barrington and Jouko Karvinen as they have informed that they will not be available in the election of the Board of Directors. The Nomination Board proposes that Simon Large and Kari Stadigh be elected as new members of the Board. Prior to the proposed Board positions  Mr. Large has served in e.g. several leadership positions at Cathay Pacific for 12 years and Mr. Stadigh has acted as e.g. the Group CEO and President of Sampo Plc from 2009 to 2019.The Shareholders' Nomination Board further proposes that Kari Stadigh be elected as the Chair of the Board.All candidates have given their consent to the position  and all  except Maija Strandberg   are independent of the company and its significant owners. Maija Strandberg is not deemed to be independent of the company's significant owners as she is a civil servant of the government of Finland .The biographical details of Board members proposed for election can be found at Finnair's company website: investors.finnair.com/en.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that the auditors' fees be paid according to the auditors' reasonable invoice.15. Election of the auditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee's recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that KPMG Oy Ab   a firm of authorised public accountants  be re-elected as the auditor of the company for the term of office ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has informed the company that Kirsi Jantunen   APA  would be acting as the principal auditor.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the company's webpage investors.finnair.com/en.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of Finnair's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares as follows.The number of own shares to be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge shall not exceed 50 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 3.6 per cent of all the shares in the company. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.The Board of Directors decides how own shares will be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares can be repurchased using  inter alia  derivatives. Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase).Own shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge in order to  inter alia  develop the capital structure of Finnair  to finance or carry out acquisitions  investments or other business transactions  or in order to use the shares as part of Finnair's incentive and remuneration schemes.The authorisation would be effective for a period of 18 months from the resolution of the General Meeting and it would cancel the authorisation given by the General Meeting on 17 March 2021 to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as follows.The number of shares to be issued based on the authorisation shall not exceed 8 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.6 per cent of all the shares in the company.The Board of Directors decides on all the conditions of the issuance of shares  including to whom  at what price and in which manner the shares are issued. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance may also be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue)  e.g. for using the shares to develop the company's capital structure  to finance or carry out acquisitions  investments or other business transactions  or in order to use the shares as part of Finnair's incentive and remuneration schemes.The authorisation would be effective for a period of 18 months from the resolution of the General Meeting and it would cancel the authorisation given by the General Meeting on 17 March 2021 to decide on the issuance of shares.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on donations for public-benefit purposesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on donations up to an aggregate maximum of EUR 250 000 for charitable or corresponding purposes and that the Board be authorised to determine the recipients  purposes and other terms and conditions of the donations. The donations can be made in one or multiple instalments. The authorisation would be effective until the next Annual General Meeting.19. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting as well as this notice to the General Meeting  the remuneration report  and the Finnair Plc's annual report including the company's financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report  are available on the company's website at investors.finnair.com/en. The minutes of the Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 7 April 2022 .C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE GENERAL MEETINGIn order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic  the Meeting will be organised so that the shareholders and their proxies are not allowed to be present at the Meeting venue. Shareholders and their proxies cannot participate in the Meeting through real-time telecommunications or technical means either. The company's shareholders and their proxies can participate in the Meeting and use shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by making counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the instructions presented below.1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the General Meeting  14 March 2022   is registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy   has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. Shareholders cannot participate in the Meeting by any other means than voting in advance in the manner instructed below as well as by making counterproposals and asking questions in advance.2. Registration and voting in advanceRegistration for the Meeting and advance voting will begin on 24 February 2022 at 12:00 p.m. (EET) following the deadline for submitting counterproposals. A shareholder with a Finnish book-entry account  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  must register for the Meeting and vote in advance no later than by 17 March 2022 at 4.00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registrations and votes need to be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as his/her name  personal identification number  address and telephone number as well as the name and personal identification number of a possible proxy representative. The personal data given to Finnair Plc and Euroclear Finland Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account  may register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting from 24 February 2022 at 12:00 p.m. (EET) until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 17 March 2022 by the following means:through the company's website at investors.finnair.com/enThe Finnish personal identity code or business ID and book-entry account number of the shareholder is needed for voting in advance. When a shareholder who is individual logs in to Euroclear Finland Oy's service via the company's website  he or she is directed to strong electronic identification. For shareholders that are legal persons  strong electronic identification is not required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If the shareholders that are legal persons use the electronic Suomi.fi e-authorization  registration requires a strong electronic authentication of the authorized person  which works with bank IDs or a mobile certificate.by regular mail or emailA shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the company's website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy   Yhtiökokous  PL 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email at yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by sending votes in advance by regular mail or by email to Euroclear Finland Oy   the delivery of the votes before the ending of the registration period and the advance voting shall constitute registration for the Annual General Meeting  if the above-mentioned information required for the registration is delivered at the same time.Instructions relating to the advance voting may also be found on the company's website investors.finnair.com/en.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights by way of proxy representation. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy   Yhtiökokous  PL 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland or by email at yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy authorization document in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service. In this case  the shareholder that is legal person authorizes an assignee nominated by it in the Suomi.fi service at https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations using the authorization topic ""Representation at the General Meeting"". The assignee must identify himself or herself with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland's general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic authorization is automatically checked. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking IDs or a mobile certificate. More information on https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the General Meeting  Monday 14 March 2022   would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy . The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by Monday 21 March 2022 by 10.00 a.m. (EET) . As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder's register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.5. Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one hundredth of all the shares in the company have a right to make a counterproposal on the agenda items  to be placed for a vote. Such counterproposals are required to be sent to the company by email to AGM@finnair.com no later than by 23 February 2022 at 4.00 p.m. (EET) . In connection with making a counterproposal  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding. The counterproposal will be placed for a vote subject to the shareholder having the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and that the shareholder holds at least one hundredth of all shares in the company on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. Should the counterproposal not be placed for a vote at the Meeting  advance votes in favor of the proposal will not be taken into account. The company will on 24 February 2022 at the latest  publish on its website investors.finnair.com/en the counterproposals  if any  that may be voted on.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Meeting. Such questions must be sent by email to AGM@finnair.com no later than 10 March 2022 at 4.00 p.m. (EET) . Such questions from shareholders  the company's management's answers to them  and any counterproposals that have not been placed for a vote are available on the company's website investors.finnair.com/en on 15 March 2022 at the latest. In connection with asking questions and making counterproposals  shareholders are required to provide adequate evidence of shareholding.Information on the General Meeting required by the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the company's website investors.finnair.com/en.A virtual shareholder event will be held online after the Annual General Meeting. This event is not part of the Annual General Meeting. Further information on the contents of the event and instructions on how to participate in the event will be available on the company's website at investors.finnair.com/en no later than on the day of the Annual General Meeting at 9.00 a.m. (EET) .On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  17 February 2022   the total number of shares and votes in Finnair Plc is 1 407 401 265. On the date of this notice  the company holds 1 421 133 treasury shares.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the General Meeting.In Helsinki   17 February 2022FINNAIR PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFurther information:Finnair communications  358 9 818 4020  comms@finnair.comDistribution:NASDAQ OMX HelsinkiPrincipal mediaFinnair is a network airline  specialising in connecting passenger and cargo traffic between Asia and Europe via the short northern route. Sustainability is at the heart of everything we do - Finnair intends to reduce its net emissions by 50% by the end of 2025 from the 2019 baseline and achieve carbon neutrality latest by the end of 2045. Finnair is a member of the oneworld alliance. Finnair Plc's shares are quoted on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange .https://news.cision.com/finnair/r/notice-to-annual-general-meeting-of-finnair-plc c3509306",neutral,0.1,0.81,0.09,mixed,0.18,0.22,0.6,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Finnair Plc', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Finnair Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'temporary legislative act', 'consolidated annual accounts', ""proxy representatives' presence"", 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'same annual remuneration', 'consolidated financial statements', 'virtual shareholder event', 'advance voting period', 'financial period', 'shareholder rights', 'annual report', 'meeting venue', 'Thursday 24 March', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'section C', 'exceptional procedure', 'predictable manner', 'other stakeholders', 'following matters', 'Antti Ihamuotila', 'weighty reason', 'Mia Mokkila', 'Chapter 5 Sections', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'remuneration policy', 'financial year', 'Further information', 'A. MATTERS', 'remuneration report', 'website investors', 'year 2021', '9.00 a', 'Notice', 'company', 'headquarters', 'Tietotie', '01530 Vantaa', 'order', 'spread', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'Directors', 'actions', 'health', 'safety', 'personnel', 'contents', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'attorney', 'law', 'Chair', 'case', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'participation', '17 February', 'Resolution', 'use', 'loss', 'distribution', 'dividend', 'discharge', 'members', 'CEO', 'January', '31 December', 'Handling', 'implementation', 'connection', '6.15', '3.00']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,marketscreener.com
17,Euroclear,Google API,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/sensex-nifty-live-today-2022-02-18/liveblog/89653742.cms,Sensex Today: CLOSING BELL: Sensex extends losing run to 3rd day  sheds 59 points in quiet session; Nifty below 17 300; Ambuja Cements  DB Realty drop 5% each,... expect Indian bonds to decline after this month's budget didn't address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform.,... expect Indian bonds to decline after this month's budget didn't address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform.,neutral,0.14,0.7,0.16,negative,0.02,0.23,0.75,True,English,"['CLOSING BELL', '3rd day', 'quiet session', 'Ambuja Cements', 'DB Realty', 'Sensex', 'run', '59 points', 'Nifty', 'Indian bonds', 'tax changes', 'sovereign debt', 'Euroclear \nplatform', 'month', 'budget']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,economictimes.indiatimes.com
18,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+ROYAL+BANK+OF+CANADA/19642740.html,Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA,Royal Bank of Canada is offering Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the lesser performing of three equity indices (each  a “Reference Index” and collectively  the “Reference Indices”).Lesser Performing Reference Index: The Reference Index with the lowest Underlying Return.Underlying Return: With respect to each Reference Index: Final Level - Initial Level Initial Level Lesser Performing Reference Index: The Reference Index with the lowest Underlying Return.We make no representation or warranty as to which of the Reference Indices will be the Lesser Performing Reference Index.Constituents of the Reference Index prior to July 31  2017 with multiple share class lines were grandfathered in and continue to be included in the Reference Index.,Royal Bank of Canada is offering Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the lesser performing of three equity indices (each  a “Reference Index” and collectively  the “Reference Indices”). The Notes are our senior unsecured obligations  will pay a quarterly Contingent Coupon at the rate and under the circumstances specified below  and will have the terms described in the documents described above  as supplemented or modified by this pricing supplement.Reference Indices Initial Levels Coupon Barriers and Trigger Levels* S&P 500® Index (“SPX”) 4 471.07 2 682.64  which is 60% of the Initial Level Russell 2000® Index (“RTY”) 2 076.462 1 245.877  which is 60% of the Initial Level EURO STOXX 50® Index (“SX5E”) 4 143.71 2 486.23  which is 60% of the Initial Level* Rounded to two decimal places in the case of the SPX and the SX5E  and three decimal places in the case of the RTY.The Notes do not guarantee any return of principal at maturity. Any payments on the Notes are subject to our credit risk.Investing in the Notes involves a number of risks. See “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page P-7 of this pricing supplement  and “Risk Factors” beginning on page S-2 of the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and page PS-3 of the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021.The Notes will not constitute deposits insured by the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation  the U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other Canadian or U.S. government agency or instrumentality. The Notes are not subject to conversion into our common shares under subsection 39.2(2.3) of the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the Notes or determined that this pricing supplement is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada Stock Exchange Listing: None Trade Date: February 15  2022 Principal Amount: $1 000 per Note Issue Date: February 18  2022 Maturity Date: August 19  2027 Observation Dates: Quarterly  as set forth below. Coupon Payment Dates: Quarterly  as set forth below. Valuation Date: August 16  2027 Contingent Coupon Rate: 6.50% per annum Final Level: For each Reference Index  its closing level on the Valuation Date. Contingent Coupon: If the closing level of each Reference Index is greater than or equal to its Coupon Barrier on the applicable Observation Date  we will pay the Contingent Coupon on the applicable Coupon Payment Date. You may not receive any Contingent Coupons during the term of the Notes. Payment at Maturity (if held to maturity): If the Notes are not previously called  we will pay you at maturity an amount based on the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index: For each $1 000 in principal amount  $1 000 plus the Contingent Coupon at maturity  unless the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is less than its Trigger Level. If the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is less than its Trigger Level  then the investor will receive at maturity  for each $1 000 in principal amount  a cash payment equal to: $1 000 + ($1 000 x Underlying Return of the Lesser Performing Reference Index) Investors could lose some or all of the principal amount if the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is less than its Trigger Level. Lesser Performing Reference Index: The Reference Index with the lowest Underlying Return. Call Feature: If the closing level of each Reference Index is greater than or equal to its Initial Level starting on February 15  2023 and on any Observation Date thereafter  the Notes will be automatically called for 100% of their principal amount  plus the Contingent Coupon applicable to the corresponding Observation Date. Observation Dates: Quarterly  as set forth below. CUSIP: 78016FDY7Per Note Total Price to public(1) 100.00% $1 601 000.00 Underwriting discounts and commissions(1) 2.25% $36 022.50 Proceeds to Royal Bank of Canada 97.75% $1 564 977.50(1) Certain dealers who purchase the Notes for sale to certain fee-based advisory accounts may forego some or all of their underwriting discount or selling concessions. The public offering price for investors purchasing the Notes in these accounts may be between $977.50 and $1 000 per $1 000 in principal amount.RBC Capital Markets  LLC  which we refer to as RBCCM  acting as agent for Royal Bank of Canada  will receive a commission of $22.50 per $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes and will use a portion of that commission to allow selling concessions to other dealers of up to $22.50 per $1 000 in principal amount of the Notes. The other dealers may forgo  in their sole discretion  some or all of their selling concessions. See “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” below.The initial estimated value of the Notes as of the Trade Date is $933.89 per $1 000 in principal amount  which is less than the price to public. The actual value of the Notes at any time will reflect many factors  cannot be predicted with accuracy  and may be less than this amount. We describe our determination of the initial estimated value in more detail below.RBC Capital Markets  LLCAuto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaSUMMARYThe information in this “Summary” section is qualified by the more detailed information set forth in this pricing supplement  the product prospectus supplement  the prospectus supplement  and the prospectus.General: This pricing supplement relates to an offering of Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier Notes (the “Notes”) linked to the lesser performing of three equity indices (the “Reference Indices”). Issuer: Royal Bank of Canada (“Royal Bank”) Trade Date: February 15  2022 Issue Date: February 18  2022 Valuation Date: August 16  2027 Maturity Date: August 19  2027Denominations: Minimum denomination of $1 000  and integral multiples of $1 000 thereafter. Contingent Coupon: We will pay you a Contingent Coupon during the term of the Notes  periodically in arrears on each Coupon Payment Date  under the conditions described below: • If the closing level of each Reference Index is greater than or equal to its Coupon Barrier on the applicable Observation Date  we will pay the Contingent Coupon applicable to that Observation Date. • If the closing level of any of the Reference Indices is less than its Coupon Barrier on the applicable Observation Date  we will not pay you the Contingent Coupon applicable to that Observation Date. You may not receive a Contingent Coupon for one or more quarterly periods during the term of the Notes. Contingent Coupon Rate: 6.50% per annum (1.625% per quarter) Observation Dates: Quarterly  on May 16  2022  August 15  2022  November 15  2022  February 15  2023  May 15  2023  August 15  2023  November 15  2023  February 15  2024  May 15  2024  August 15  2024  November 15  2024  February 18  2025  May 15  2025  August 15  2025  November 17  2025  February 17  2026  May 15  2026  August 17  2026  November 16  2026  February 16  2027  May 17  2027 and the Valuation Date. Coupon Payment Dates: The Contingent Coupon  if payable  will be paid quarterly on May 19  2022  August 18  2022  November 18  2022  February 21  2023  May 18  2023  August 18  2023  November 20  2023  February 21  2024  May 20  2024  August 20  2024  November 20  2024  February 21  2025  May 20  2025  August 20  2025  November 20  2025  February 20  2026  May 20  2026  August 20  2026  November 19  2026  February 19  2027  May 20  2027 and the Maturity Date. Record Dates: The record date for each Coupon Payment Date will be one business day prior to that scheduled Coupon Payment Date; provided  however  that any Contingent Coupon payable at maturity or upon a call will be payable to the person to whom the payment at maturity or upon the call  as the case may be  will be payable. Call Feature: If  starting on February 15  2023 and on any Observation Date thereafter  the closing level of each Reference Index is greater than or equal to its Initial Level  then the Notes will be automatically called. Payment if Called: If the Notes are automatically called  then  on the applicable Coupon Payment Date  for each $1 000 principal amount  you will receive $1 000 plus the Contingent Coupon otherwise due on that Coupon Payment Date. Initial Level: For each Reference Index  its closing level on the Trade Date  as set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement. Final Level: For each Reference Index  its closing level on the Valuation Date.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaCoupon Barrier and Trigger Level: For each Reference Index  60% of its Initial Level  as set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement. Payment at Maturity (if not previously called and held to maturity): If the Notes are not previously called  we will pay you at maturity an amount based on the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index: • If the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is greater than or equal to its Trigger Level  we will pay you a cash payment equal to the principal amount plus the Contingent Coupon otherwise due on the Maturity Date. • If the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is less than its Trigger Level  you will receive at maturity  for each $1 000 in principal amount  a cash payment equal to: $1 000 + ($1 000 x Underlying Return of the Lesser Performing Reference Index) The amount of cash that you receive will be less than your principal amount  if anything  resulting in a loss that is proportionate to the decline of the Lesser Performing Reference Index from the Trade Date to the Valuation Date. Investors in the Notes could lose some or all of the principal amount if the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is less than its Trigger Level. Underlying Return: With respect to each Reference Index: Final Level - Initial Level Initial Level Lesser Performing Reference Index: The Reference Index with the lowest Underlying Return. Market Disruption Events: The occurrence of a market disruption event (or a non-trading day) as to any of the Reference Indices will result in the postponement of an Observation Date or the Valuation Date as to that Reference Index  as described in the product prospectus supplement  but not to any non-affected Reference Index. Calculation Agent: RBC Capital Markets  LLC (“RBCCM”) U.S. Tax Treatment: By purchasing a Note  each holder agrees (in the absence of a change in law  an administrative determination or a judicial ruling to the contrary) to treat the Note as a callable pre-paid cash-settled contingent income-bearing derivative contract linked to the Reference Indices for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However  the U.S. federal income tax consequences of your investment in the Notes are uncertain and the Internal Revenue Service could assert that the Notes should be taxed in a manner that is different from that described in the preceding sentence. Please see the section below  “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” and the discussion (including the opinion of Ashurst LLP  our special U.S. tax counsel) in the product prospectus supplement under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences ” which apply to the Notes. Secondary Market: RBCCM (or one of its affiliates)  though not obligated to do so  may maintain a secondary market in the Notes after the Issue Date. The amount that you may receive upon sale of your Notes prior to maturity may be less than the principal amount. Listing: The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. Settlement: DTC global (including through its indirect participants Euroclear and Clearstream  Luxembourg as described under “Ownership and Book-Entry Issuance” in the prospectus). Terms Incorporated in the Master Note: All of the terms appearing above the item captioned “Secondary Market” on the cover page and pages P-2 and P-3 of this pricing supplement and the terms appearing under the caption “General Terms of the Notes” in the product prospectus supplement  as modified by this pricing supplement.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaADDITIONAL TERMS OF YOUR NOTESYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus dated September 14  2021  as supplemented by the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  relating to our Senior Global Medium-Term Notes  Series I  of which these Notes are a part. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement will have the meanings given to them in the product prospectus supplement. In the event of any conflict  this pricing supplement will control. The Notes vary from the terms described in the product prospectus supplement in several important ways. You should read this pricing supplement carefully.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed below  contains the terms of the Notes and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in “Risk Factors” in the prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021 and in the product prospectus supplement dated September 14  2021  as the Notes involve risks not associated with conventional debt securities. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisors before you invest in the Notes. You may access these documents on the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) website at www.sec.gov as follows (or if that address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):Prospectus dated September 14  2021:Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Product Prospectus Supplement dated September 14  2021:Our Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 1000275. As used in this pricing supplement  “we ” “us ” or “our” refers to Royal Bank of Canada.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaHYPOTHETICAL EXAMPLESThe table set out below is included for illustration purposes only. The table illustrates the Payment at Maturity of the Notes (including the final Contingent Coupon  if payable) for a hypothetical range of performance for the Lesser Performing Reference Index  assuming the following terms and that the Notes are not automatically called prior to maturity:Hypothetical Initial Level (for each Reference Index): 100.00* Hypothetical Trigger Level and Coupon Barrier (for each Reference Index): 60% of each hypothetical Initial Level Contingent Coupon Rate: 6.50% per annum (or 1.625% per quarter) Contingent Coupon Amount: $16.25 per quarter Observation Dates: Quarterly Principal Amount: $1 000 per Note* The hypothetical Initial Level of 100.00 used in the examples below has been chosen for illustrative purposes only and is not the actual Initial Level of any Reference Index. The actual Initial Levels for each Reference Index are set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement. We make no representation or warranty as to which of the Reference Indices will be the Lesser Performing Reference Index. It is possible that the Final Level of each Reference Index will be less than its Initial Level .Hypothetical Final Levels of the Lesser Performing Reference Index are shown in the first column on the left. The second column shows the Payment at Maturity for a range of Final Levels. The third column shows the amount of cash to be paid on the Notes per $1 000 in principal amount. If the Notes are called prior to maturity  the hypothetical examples below will not be relevant  and you will receive on the applicable Coupon Payment Date  for each $1 000 principal amount  $1 000 plus the Contingent Coupon otherwise due on the Notes.Hypothetical Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index Payment at Maturity as Percentage of Principal Amount Cash Payment Amount per $1 000 in Principal Amount 130.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 120.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 110.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 100.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 90.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 80.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 70.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 60.00 101.625%* $1 016.25* 59.99 59.99% $599.90 50.00 50.00% $500.00 40.00 40.00% $400.00 30.00 30.00% $300.00 20.00 20.00% $200.00 10.00 10.00% $100.00 0.00 0.00% $0.00* Including the final Contingent Coupon  if payable.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaHypothetical Examples of Amounts Payable at MaturityThe following hypothetical examples illustrate how the payments at maturity set forth in the table above are calculated  assuming the Notes have not been called.Example 1: The level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index increases by 25% from the Initial Level to a Final Level of 125.00. Because the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is greater than its Trigger Level and its Coupon Barrier  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Contingent Coupon otherwise due on the Notes  a cash payment of $1 000 per Note  despite the 25% appreciation in the level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index.Example 2: The level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index decreases by 10% from the Initial Level to a Final Level of 90.00 . Because the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is greater than its Trigger Level and its Coupon Barrier  the investor receives at maturity  in addition to the final Contingent Coupon otherwise due on the Notes  a cash payment of $1 000 per Note  despite the 10% decline in the level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index.Example 3: The level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index decreases by 50% from the Initial Level to a Final Level of 50.00. Because the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is less than its Trigger Level and its Coupon Barrier  the final Contingent Coupon will not be payable on the Maturity Date  and we will pay only $500 for each $1 000 in the principal amount of the Notes  calculated as follows:Principal Amount + (Principal Amount x Underlying Return of the Lesser Performing Reference Index)= $1 000 + ($1 000 x -50%) = $1 000 - $500 = $500* * *The Payments at Maturity shown above are entirely hypothetical; they are based on levels of the Reference Indices that may not be achieved on the Valuation Date and on assumptions that may prove to be erroneous. The actual market value of your Notes on the Maturity Date or at any other time  including any time you may wish to sell your Notes  may bear little relation to the hypothetical Payments at Maturity shown above  and those amounts should not be viewed as an indication of the financial return on an investment in the Notes or on an investment in the securities included in any Reference Index.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaSELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the Notes involves significant risks. Investing in the Notes is not equivalent to investing directly in the Reference Indices. These risks are explained in more detail in the section “Risk Factors” in the product prospectus supplement. In addition to the risks described in the prospectus supplement and the product prospectus supplement  you should consider the following:Risks Relating to the Terms of the Notes• You May Receive Less than the Principal Amount at Maturity — Investors in the Notes could lose all or a substantial portion of their principal amount if there is a decline in the level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index between the Trade Date and the Valuation Date. If the Notes are not automatically called and the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index is less than its Trigger Level  the amount of cash that you receive at maturity will represent a loss of your principal that is proportionate to the decline in the closing level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index from the Trade Date to the Valuation Date. Any Contingent Coupons received on the Notes prior to the Maturity Date may not be sufficient to compensate for any such loss.• The Notes Are Subject to an Automatic Call — If on any Observation Date  beginning in February 2023  the closing level of each Reference Index is greater than or equal to its Initial Level  then the Notes will be automatically called. If the Notes are automatically called  then  on the applicable Coupon Payment Date  for each $1 000 in principal amount  you will receive $1 000 plus the Contingent Coupon otherwise due on the applicable Coupon Payment Date. You will not receive any Contingent Coupons after that payment. You may be unable to reinvest your proceeds from the automatic call in an investment with a return that is as high as the return on the Notes would have been if they had not been called.• You May Not Receive Any Contingent Coupons — We will not necessarily make any coupon payments on the Notes. If the closing level of any of the Reference Indices on an Observation Date is less than its Coupon Barrier  we will not pay you the Contingent Coupon applicable to that Observation Date. If the closing level of any of the Reference Indices is less than its Coupon Barrier on each of the Observation Dates and on the Valuation Date  we will not pay you any Contingent Coupons during the term of  and you will not receive a positive return on your Notes. Generally  this non-payment of the Contingent Coupon coincides with a period of greater risk of principal loss on your Notes. Accordingly  if we do not pay the Contingent Coupon on the Maturity Date  you will also incur a loss of principal  because the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index will be less than its Trigger Level.• The Notes Are Linked to the Lesser Performing Reference Index  Even if the Other Reference Indices Perform Better — Your return on the Notes will be linked to the lesser performing of the Reference Indices. Even if the Final Levels of the other Reference Indices have increased compared to its Initial Level  or have experienced a decrease that is less than that of the Lesser Performing Reference Index  your return will only be determined by reference to the performance of the Lesser Performing Reference Index  regardless of the performance of the other Reference Indices.• Your Payment on the Notes Will Be Determined by Reference to Each Reference Index Individually  Not to a Basket  and the Payment at Maturity Will Be Based on the Performance of the Lesser Performing Reference Index — The Payment at Maturity will be determined only by reference to the performance of the Lesser Performing Reference Index  regardless of the performance of the other Reference Indices. The Notes are not linked to a weighted basket  in which the risk may be mitigated and diversified among each of the basket components. For example  in the case of notes linked to a weighted basket  the return would depend on the weighted aggregate performance of the basket components reflected as the basket return. As a result  the depreciation of one basket component could be mitigated by the appreciation of the other basket components  as scaled by the weighting of that basket component. However  in the case of the Notes  the individual performance of each of the Reference Indices would not be combined  and the depreciation of one Reference Index would not be mitigated by any appreciation of the other Reference Indices. Instead  your return will depend solely on the Final Level of the Lesser Performing Reference Index.• The Call Feature and the Contingent Coupon Feature Limit Your Potential Return — The return potential of the Notes is limited to the pre-specified Contingent Coupon Rate  regardless of the appreciation of the Reference Indices. In addition  the total return on the Notes will vary based on the number of Observation Dates on which theAuto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaContingent Coupon becomes payable prior to maturity or an automatic call. Further  if the Notes are called due to the Call Feature  you will not receive any Contingent Coupons or any other payment in respect of any Observation Dates after the applicable Coupon Payment Date. Since the Notes could be called as early as the fourth Observation Date  the total return on the Notes could be limited to one year. If the Notes are not called  you may be subject to the full downside performance of the Lesser Performing Reference Index even though your potential return is limited to the Contingent Coupon Rate. As a result  the return on an investment in the Notes could be less than the return on a direct investment in securities included in the Reference Indices.• Your Return May Be Lower than the Return on a Conventional Debt Security of Comparable Maturity — The return that you will receive on the Notes  which could be negative  may be less than the return you could earn on other investments. Even if your return is positive  your return may be less than the return you would earn if you purchased one of our conventional senior interest bearing debt securities.• Owning the Notes Is Not the Same as Owning the Securities Represented by the Reference Indices — The return on your Notes is unlikely to reflect the return you would realize if you actually owned the securities represented by the Reference Indices. For instance  you will not receive or be entitled to receive any dividend payments or other distributions on those securities during the term of your Notes. As an owner of the Notes  you will not have voting rights or any other rights that holders of the securities represented by the Reference Indices may have. Furthermore  the Reference Indices may appreciate substantially during the term of the Notes  while your potential return will be limited to the applicable Contingent Coupon payments.• Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Our Credit Risk  and Changes in Our Credit Ratings Are Expected to Affect the Market Value of the Notes — The Notes are our senior unsecured debt securities. As a result  your receipt of any Contingent Coupons  if payable  and the amount due on any relevant payment date is dependent upon our ability to repay our obligations on the applicable payment dates. This will be the case even if the levels of the Reference Indices increase after the Trade Date. No assurance can be given as to what our financial condition will be at any time during the term of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Secondary Market for the Notes• There May Not Be an Active Trading Market for the Notes-Sales in the Secondary Market May Result in Significant Losses — There may be little or no secondary market for the Notes. The Notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. RBCCM and our other affiliates may make a market for the Notes; however  they are not required to do so. RBCCM or any other affiliate of ours may stop any market-making activities at any time. Even if a secondary market for the Notes develops  it may not provide significant liquidity or trade at prices advantageous to you. We expect that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result  the difference between bid and asked prices for your Notes in any secondary market could be substantial.Risks Relating to the Initial Estimated Value of the Notes• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Is Less than the Price to the Public — The initial estimated value that is set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement does not represent a minimum price at which we  RBCCM or any of our affiliates would be willing to purchase the Notes in any secondary market (if any exists) at any time. If you attempt to sell the Notes prior to maturity  their market value may be lower than the price you paid for them and the initial estimated value. This is due to  among other things  changes in the levels of the Reference Indices  the borrowing rate we pay to issue securities of this kind  and the inclusion in the price to the public of the underwriting discount and the estimated costs relating to our hedging of the Notes. These factors  together with various credit  market and economic factors over the term of the Notes  are expected to reduce the price at which you may be able to sell the Notes in any secondary market and will affect the value of the Notes in complex and unpredictable ways. Assuming no change in market conditions or any other relevant factors  the price  if any  at which you may be able to sell your Notes prior to maturity may be less than your original purchase price  as any such sale price would not be expected to include the underwriting discount and the hedging costs relating to the Notes. In addition to bid-ask spreads  the value of the Notes determined by RBCCM for any secondary market price is expected to be based on the secondary rate rather than the internal funding rate used to price the Notes and determine the initial estimated value. As a result  the secondary price will be less than if the internal funding rate was used. The Notes are not designed to be short-term trading instruments. Accordingly  you should be able and willing to hold your Notes to maturity.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of Canada• The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes on the Cover Page of this Pricing Supplement Is an Estimate Only  Calculated as of the Time the Terms of the Notes Were Set — The initial estimated value of the Notes is based on the value of our obligation to make the payments on the Notes  together with the mid-market value of the derivative embedded in the terms of the Notes. See “Structuring the Notes” below. Our estimate is based on a variety of assumptions  including our credit spreads  expectations as to dividends  interest rates and volatility  and the expected term of the Notes. These assumptions are based on certain forecasts about future events  which may prove to be incorrect. Other entities may value the Notes or similar securities at a price that is significantly different than we do.The value of the Notes at any time after the Trade Date will vary based on many factors  including changes in market conditions  and cannot be predicted with accuracy. As a result  the actual value you would receive if you sold the Notes in any secondary market  if any  should be expected to differ materially from the initial estimated value of your Notes.Risks Relating to Conflicts of Interest and Our Trading Activities• Our Business Activities May Create Conflicts of Interest — We and our affiliates expect to engage in trading activities related to the Reference Indices that are not for the account of holders of the Notes or on their behalf. These trading activities may present a conflict between the holders’ interests in the Notes and the interests we and our affiliates will have in their proprietary accounts  in facilitating transactions  including options and other derivatives transactions  for their customers and in accounts under their management. These trading activities  if they influence the levels of the Reference Indices  could be adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes. We and one or more of our affiliates may  at present or in the future  engage in business with companies included in the Reference Indices  including making loans to or providing advisory services. These services could include investment banking and merger and acquisition advisory services. These activities may present a conflict between our or one or more of our affiliates’ obligations and your interests as a holder of the Notes. Moreover  we  and our affiliates may have published  and in the future expect to publish  research reports with respect to the Reference Indices. This research is modified from time to time without notice and may express opinions or provide recommendations that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the Notes. Any of these activities by us or one or more of our affiliates may affect the levels of the Reference Indices  and therefore  the market value of the Notes.Risks Relating to the Reference Indices• An Investment in the Notes Is Subject to Risks Associated in Investing in Stocks With a Small Market Capitalization — The Russell 2000® Index consists of stocks issued by companies with relatively small market capitalizations. These companies often have greater stock price volatility  lower trading volume and less liquidity than large-capitalization companies. As a result  the level of the Russell 2000® Index may be more volatile than that of a market measure that does not track solely small-capitalization stocks. Stock prices of small-capitalization companies are also generally more vulnerable than those of large-capitalization companies to adverse business and economic developments  and the stocks of small-capitalization companies may be thinly traded  and be less attractive to many investors if they do not pay dividends. In addition  small capitalization companies are often less well-established and less stable financially than large-capitalization companies and may depend on a small number of key personnel  making them more vulnerable to loss of those individuals. Small capitalization companies tend to have lower revenues  less diverse product lines  smaller shares of their target markets  fewer financial resources and fewer competitive strengths than large-capitalization companies. These companies may also be more susceptible to adverse developments related to their products or services.• An Investment in the Notes Is Subject to Risks Relating to Non-U.S. Securities Markets — Because foreign companies or foreign equity securities included in the SX5E are publicly traded in the applicable foreign countries and are denominated in euros  an investment in the Notes involves particular risks. For example  the non-U.S. securities markets may be more volatile than the U.S. securities markets  and market developments may affect these markets differently from the U.S. or other securities markets. Direct or indirect government intervention to stabilize the securities markets outside the U.S.  as well as cross-shareholdings in certain companies  may affect trading prices and trading volumes in those markets. Also  the public availability of information concerning the foreign issuers may vary depending on their home jurisdiction and the reporting requirements imposed by theirAuto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of Canadarespective regulators. In addition  the foreign issuers may be subject to accounting  auditing and financial reporting standards and requirements that differ from those applicable to U.S. reporting companies.• The Payments on the Notes Are Subject to Market Disruption Events and Adjustments — The payment at maturity  each Observation Date and the Valuation Date are subject to adjustment as described in the product prospectus supplement. For a description of what constitutes a market disruption event as well as the consequences of that market disruption event  see “General Terms of the Notes—Market Disruption Events” in the product prospectus supplement.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaINFORMATION REGARDING THE REFERENCE INDICESAll disclosures contained in this pricing supplement regarding the Reference Indices  including  without limitation  their make-up  method of calculation  and changes in their components  have been derived from publicly available sources. The information reflects the policies of  and is subject to change by  the applicable index sponsor. Each of these sponsors has no obligation to continue to publish  and may discontinue publication of  the applicable Reference Index. The consequences of an index sponsor discontinuing publication of a Reference Index are discussed in the section of the product prospectus supplement entitled “General Terms of the Notes—Unavailability of the Level of a Reference Index.” Neither we nor RBCCM accepts any responsibility for the calculation  maintenance or publication of any Reference Index or any successor index.The SPXThe SPX is intended to provide an indication of the pattern of price movements among U.S. large capitalization stocks. The calculation of the level of the SPX is based on the relative value of the aggregate market value of the common stocks of 500 companies as of a particular time compared to the aggregate average market value of the common stocks of 500 similar companies during the base period of the years 1941 through 1943.S&P calculates the SPX by reference to the prices of the constituent stocks of the SPX without taking account of the value of dividends paid on those stocks. As a result  the return on the Notes will not reflect the return you would realize if you actually owned the SPX constituent stocks and received the dividends paid on those stocks.Effective with the September 2015 rebalance  consolidated share class lines will no longer be included in the SPX. Each share class line will be subject to public float and liquidity criteria individually  but the company’s total market capitalization will be used to evaluate each share class line. This may result in one listed share class line of a company being included in the SPX while a second listed share class line of the same company is excluded.Computation of the SPXWhile S&P currently employs the following methodology to calculate the SPX  no assurance can be given that S&P will not modify or change this methodology in a manner that may affect the payments on the Notes.Historically  the market value of any component stock of the SPX was calculated as the product of the market price per share and the number of then outstanding shares of such component stock. In March 2005  S&P began shifting the SPX halfway from a market capitalization weighted formula to a float-adjusted formula  before moving the SPX to full float adjustment on September 16  2005. S&P’s criteria for selecting stocks for the SPX did not change with the shift to float adjustment. However  the adjustment affects each company’s weight in the SPX.Under float adjustment  the share counts used in calculating the SPX reflect only those shares that are available to investors  not all of a company’s outstanding shares. Float adjustment excludes shares that are closely held by control groups  other publicly traded companies or government agencies.In September 2012  all shareholdings representing more than 5% of a stock’s outstanding shares  other than holdings by “block owners ” were removed from the float for purposes of calculating the SPX. Generally  these “control holders” will include officers and directors  private equity  venture capital and special equity firms  other publicly traded companies that hold shares for control  strategic partners  holders of restricted shares  ESOPs  employee and family trusts  foundations associated with the company  holders of unlisted share classes of stock  government entities at all levels (other than government retirement/pension funds) and any individual person who controls a 5% or greater stake in a company as reported in regulatory filings. However  holdings by block owners  such as depositary banks  pension funds  mutual funds and ETF providers  401(k) plans of the company  government retirement/pension funds  investment funds of insurance companies  asset managers and investment funds  independent foundations and savings and investment plans  will ordinarily be considered part of the float.Treasury stock  stock options equity participation units  warrants  preferred stock  convertible stock  and rights are not part of the float. Shares held in a trust to allow investors in countries outside the country of domicile  such as depositary shares and Canadian exchangeable shares are normally part of the float unless those shares form a control block.For each stock  an investable weight factor (“IWF”) is calculated by dividing the available float shares by the total shares outstanding. Available float shares are defined as the total shares outstanding less shares held by control holders. This calculation is subject to a 5% minimum threshold for control blocks. For example  if a company’s officers and directors hold 3% of the company’s shares  and no other control group holds 5% of the company’s shares  S&P would assign that company an IWF of 1.00  as no control group meets the 5% threshold. However  if a company’s officers and directors hold 3% of the company’s shares and another control group holds 20% of the company’s shares  S&P would assign an IWF of 0.77  reflecting the fact that 23% of the company’s outstanding shares are considered to be held for control. As of July 31  2017  companies with multiple share class lines are no longer eligible for inclusion in the Reference Index. Constituents of the Reference Index prior to July 31  2017 with multiple share class lines were grandfathered in and continue to be included in the Reference Index. If a constituent company of the Reference Index reorganizes into a multiple share class line structure  that company will remain in the Reference Index at the discretion of the S&P Index Committee in order to minimize turnover.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaThe SPX is calculated using a base-weighted aggregate methodology. The level of the SPX reflects the total market value of all 500 component stocks relative to the base period of the years 1941 through 1943. An indexed number is used to represent the results of this calculation in order to make the level easier to use and track over time. The actual total market value of the component stocks during the base period of the years 1941 through 1943 has been set to an indexed level of 10. This is often indicated by the notation 1941-43 = 10. In practice  the daily calculation of the SPX is computed by dividing the total market value of the component stocks by the “index divisor.” By itself  the index divisor is an arbitrary number. However  in the context of the calculation of the SPX  it serves as a link to the original base period level of the SPX. The index divisor keeps the SPX comparable over time and is the manipulation point for all adjustments to the SPX  which is index maintenance.Index MaintenanceIndex maintenance includes monitoring and completing the adjustments for company additions and deletions  share changes  stock splits  stock dividends  and stock price adjustments due to company restructuring or spinoffs. Some corporate actions  such as stock splits and stock dividends  require changes in the common shares outstanding and the stock prices of the companies in the SPX  and do not require index divisor adjustments.To prevent the level of the SPX from changing due to corporate actions  corporate actions which affect the total market value of the SPX require an index divisor adjustment. By adjusting the index divisor for the change in market value  the level of the SPX remains constant and does not reflect the corporate actions of individual companies in the SPX. Index divisor adjustments are made after the close of trading and after the calculation of the SPX closing level.Changes in a company’s total shares outstanding of 5% or more due to public offerings are made as soon as reasonably possible. Other changes of 5% or more (for example  due to tender offers  Dutch auctions  voluntary exchange offers  company stock repurchases  private placements  acquisitions of private companies or non-index companies that do not trade on a major exchange  redemptions  exercise of options  warrants  conversion of preferred stock  notes  debt  equity participations  at-the-market stock offerings or other recapitalizations) are made weekly  and are generally announced on Fridays for implementation after the close of trading the following Friday (one week later). If a 5% or more share change causes a company’s IWF to change by five percentage points or more  the IWF is updated at the same time as the share change. IWF changes resulting from partial tender offers are considered on a case-by-case basis.License AgreementS&P® is a registered trademark of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC (“S&P”) and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”). These trademarks have been licensed for use by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC. “Standard & Poor’s®”  “S&P 500®” and “S&P®” are trademarks of S&P. These trademarks have been sublicensed for certain purposes by us. The SPX is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates and has been licensed for use by us.The Notes are not sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC  Dow Jones  S&P or any of their respective affiliates (collectively  “S&P Dow Jones Indices”). S&P Dow Jones Indices make no representation or warranty  express or implied  to the holders of the Notes or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Notes particularly or the ability of the SPX to track general market performance. S&P Dow Jones Indices’ only relationship to us with respect to the SPX is the licensing of the SPX and certain trademarks  service marks and/or trade names of S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its third party licensors. The SPX is determined  composed and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices without regard to us or the Notes. S&P Dow Jones Indices have no obligation to take our needs or the needs of holders of the Notes into consideration in determining  composing or calculating the SPX. S&P Dow Jones Indices are not responsible for and have not participated in the determination of the prices  and amount of the Notes or the timing of the issuance or sale of the Notes or in the determination or calculation of the equation by which the Notes are to be converted into cash. S&P Dow Jones Indices have no obligation or liability in connection with the administration  marketing or trading of the Notes. There is no assurance that investment products based on the SPX will accurately track index performance or provide positive investment returns. S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and its subsidiaries are not investment advisors. Inclusion of a security or futures contract within an index is not a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy  sell  or hold such security or futures contract  nor is it considered to be investment advice. Notwithstanding the foregoing  CME Group Inc. and its affiliates may independently issue and/or sponsor financial products unrelated to the Notes currently being issued by us  but which may be similar to and competitive with the Notes. In addition  CME Group Inc. and its affiliates may trade financial products which are linked to the performance of the SPX. It is possible that this trading activity will affect the value of the Notes.S&P DOW JONES INDICES DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ADEQUACY  ACCURACY  TIMELINESS AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE SPX OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY COMMUNICATION  INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO  ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION (INCLUDING ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO. S&P DOW JONES INDICES SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS  OMISSIONS  OR DELAYS THEREIN. S&P DOW JONES INDICES MAKE NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES  AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES  OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY US  HOLDERS OF THE NOTES  OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE USE OF THE SPX OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED THERETO. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OF THE FOREGOING  IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL S&P DOWAuto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaJONES INDICES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT  SPECIAL  INCIDENTAL  PUNITIVE  OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO  LOSS OF PROFITS  TRADING LOSSES  LOST TIME OR GOODWILL  EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES  WHETHER IN CONTRACT  TORT  STRICT LIABILITY  OR OTHERWISE. THERE ARE NO THIRD PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW JONES INDICES AND US  OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES.Russell 2000® Index (“RTY”)The RTY was developed by Russell Investments (“Russell”) before FTSE International Limited and Russell combined in 2015 to create FTSE Russell  which is wholly owned by London Stock Exchange Group. Russell began dissemination of the RTY (Bloomberg L.P. index symbol “RTY”) on January 1  1984. FTSE Russell calculates and publishes the RTY. The RTY was set to 135 as of the close of business on December 31  1986. The RTY is designed to track the performance of the small capitalization segment of the U.S. equity market. As a subset of the Russell 3000® Index  the RTY consists of the smallest 2 000 companies included in the Russell 3000® Index. The Russell 3000® Index measures the performance of the largest 3 000 U.S. companies  representing approximately 98% of the investable U.S. equity market. The RTY is determined  comprised  and calculated by FTSE Russell without regard to the Notes.Selection of Stocks Underlying the RTYAll companies eligible for inclusion in the RTY must be classified as a U.S. company under FTSE Russell’s country-assignment methodology. If a company is incorporated  has a stated headquarters location  and trades in the same country (American Depositary Receipts and American Depositary Shares are not eligible)  then the company is assigned to its country of incorporation. If any of the three factors are not the same  FTSE Russell defines three Home Country Indicators (“HCIs”): country of incorporation  country of headquarters  and country of the most liquid exchange (as defined by a two-year average daily dollar trading volume) (“ADDTV”) from all exchanges within a country. Using the HCIs  FTSE Russell compares the primary location of the company’s assets with the three HCIs. If the primary location of its assets matches any of the HCIs  then the company is assigned to the primary location of its assets. If there is insufficient information to determine the country in which the company’s assets are primarily located  FTSE Russell will use the primary country from which the company’s revenues are primarily derived for the comparison with the three HCIs in a similar manner. FTSE Russell uses the average of two years of assets or revenues data to reduce potential turnover. If conclusive country details cannot be derived from assets or revenues data  FTSE Russell will assign the company to the country of its headquarters  which is defined as the address of the company’s principal executive offices  unless that country is a Benefit Driven Incorporation “BDI” country  in which case the company will be assigned to the country of its most liquid stock exchange. BDI countries include: Anguilla  Antigua and Barbuda  Aruba  Bahamas  Barbados  Belize  Bermuda  Bonaire  British Virgin Islands  Cayman Islands  Channel Islands  Cook Islands  Curacao  Faroe Islands  Gibraltar  Guernsey  Isle of Man  Jersey  Liberia  Marshall Islands  Panama  Saba  Sint Eustatius  Sint Maarten  and Turks and Caicos Islands. For any companies incorporated or headquartered in a U.S. territory  including countries such as Puerto Rico  Guam  and U.S. Virgin Islands  a U.S. HCI is assigned. “N-shares” of companies controlled by individuals or entities in mainland China are not eligible for inclusion.All securities eligible for inclusion in the RTY must trade on a major U.S. exchange. Stocks must have a closing price at or above $1.00 on their primary exchange on the last trading day in May to be eligible for inclusion during annual reconstitution. However  in order to reduce unnecessary turnover  if an existing member’s closing price is less than $1.00 on the last day of May  it will be considered eligible if the average of the daily closing prices (from its primary exchange) during the month of May is equal to or greater than $1.00. Initial public offerings are added each quarter and must have a closing price at or above $1.00 on the last day of their eligibility period in order to qualify for index inclusion. If an existing stock does not trade on the “rank day” (typically the last trading day in May  but a confirmed timetable is announced each spring)  but does have a closing price at or above $1.00 on another eligible U.S. exchange  that stock will be eligible for inclusion.An important criterion used to determine the list of securities eligible for the RTY is total market capitalization  which is defined as the market price as of the rank day in May for those securities being considered at annual reconstitution times the total number of shares outstanding. Where applicable  common stock  non-restricted exchangeable shares and partnership units/membership interests are used to determine market capitalization. Any other form of shares such as preferred stock  convertible preferred stock  redeemable shares  participating preferred stock  warrants  rights  installment receipts or trust receipts  are excluded from the calculation. If multiple share classes of common stock exist  they are combined to determine total shares outstanding. In cases where the common stock share classes act independently of each other (e.g.  tracking stocks)  each class is considered for inclusion separately. If multiple share classes exist  the pricing vehicle will be designated as the share class with the highest two-year trading volume as of the rank day in May.Companies with a total market capitalization of less than $30 million are not eligible for the RTY. Similarly  companies with only 5% or less of their shares available in the marketplace are not eligible for the RTY. Royalty trusts  limited liability companies  closed-end investment companies (companies that are required to report Acquired Fund Fees and Expenses  as defined by the SEC  including business development companies)  blank check companies  special purpose acquisition companies  and limited partnerships are also ineligible for inclusion. Exchange traded funds and mutual funds are also excluded. Bulletin board  pink sheets  and over-the-counter (“OTC”) traded securities are not eligible for inclusion.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaAnnual reconstitution is a process by which the RTY is completely rebuilt. Based on closing levels of the company’s common stock on its primary exchange on the rank day of May of each year  FTSE Russell reconstitutes the composition of the RTY using the then existing market capitalizations of eligible companies. Reconstitution of the RTY occurs on the last Friday in June or  when the last Friday in June is the 29th or 30th  reconstitution occurs on the prior Friday. In addition  FTSE Russell adds initial public offerings to the RTY on a quarterly basis based on total market capitalization ranking within the market-adjusted capitalization breaks established during the most recent reconstitution.After membership is determined  a security’s shares are adjusted to include only those shares available to the public. This is often referred to as “free float.” The purpose of the adjustment is to exclude from market calculations the capitalization that is not available for purchase and is not part of the investable opportunity set.License AgreementFTSE Russell and Royal Bank have entered into a non-exclusive license agreement providing for the license to Royal Bank  and certain of its affiliates  in exchange for a fee  of the right to use indices owned and published by FTSE Russell in connection with some securities  including the Notes.FTSE Russell does not guarantee the accuracy and/or the completeness of the RTY or any data included in the RTY and has no liability for any errors  omissions  or interruptions in the RTY. FTSE Russell makes no warranty  express or implied  as to results to be obtained by the calculation agent  holders of the Notes  or any other person or entity from the use of the RTY or any data included in the RTY in connection with the rights licensed under the license agreement described in this document or for any other use. FTSE Russell makes no express or implied warranties  and hereby expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the RTY or any data included in the RTY. Without limiting any of the above information  in no event will FTSE Russell have any liability for any special  punitive  indirect or consequential damages  including lost profits  even if notified of the possibility of these damages.The Notes are not sponsored  endorsed  sold or promoted by FTSE Russell. FTSE Russell makes no representation or warranty  express or implied  to the owners of the Notes or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Notes particularly or the ability of the RTY to track general stock market performance or a segment of the same. FTSE Russell’s publication of the RTY in no way suggests or implies an opinion by FTSE Russell as to the advisability of investment in any or all of the stocks upon which the RTY is based. FTSE Russell's only relationship to Royal Bank is the licensing of certain trademarks and trade names of FTSE Russell and of the RTY  which is determined  composed and calculated by FTSE Russell without regard to Royal Bank or the Notes. FTSE Russell is not responsible for and has not reviewed the Notes nor any associated literature or publications and FTSE Russell makes no representation or warranty express or implied as to their accuracy or completeness  or otherwise. FTSE Russell reserves the right  at any time and without notice  to alter  amend  terminate or in any way change the RTY. FTSE Russell has no obligation or liability in connection with the administration  marketing or trading of the Notes.“Russell 2000®” and “Russell 3000®” are registered trademarks of FTSE Russell in the U.S. and other countries.EURO STOXX 50 ® Index (“SX5E”)The SX5E was created by STOXX Limited  a subsidiary of Deutsche Börse AG. Publication of the SX5E in February 1998  based on an initial index level of 1 000 at December 31  1991.Composition and MaintenanceThe SX5E is composed of 50 component stocks of market sector leaders from within the 20 EURO STOXX® Supersector indices  which represent the Eurozone portion of the STOXX Europe 600® Supersector indices.The composition of the SX5E is reviewed annually  based on the closing stock data on the last trading day in August. The component stocks are announced on the first trading day in September. Changes to the component stocks are implemented on the third Friday in September and are effective the following trading day. Changes in the composition of the SX5E are made to ensure that the SX5E includes the 50 market sector leaders from within the Eurozone.The free float factors for each component stock used to calculate this Reference Asset  as described below  are reviewed  calculated  and implemented on a quarterly basis and are fixed until the next quarterly review.The SX5E is also reviewed on an ongoing monthly basis. Corporate actions (including initial public offerings  mergers and takeovers  spin-offs  delistings  and bankruptcy) that affect the SX5E composition are announced immediately  implemented two trading days later and become effective on the next trading day after implementation.Calculation of the SX5EThe SX5E is calculated with the “Laspeyres formula ” which measures the aggregate price changes in the component stocks against a fixed base quantity weight. The formula for calculating the SX5E value can be expressed as follows:Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaSX5E = Free float market capitalization of the SX5E DivisorThe “free float market capitalization of the SX5E” is equal to the sum of the products of the price  the number of shares  the free float factor and the weighting cap factor for each component stock as of the time the SX5E is being calculated.The SX5E is also subject to a divisor  which is adjusted to maintain the continuity of the SX5E values across changes due to corporate actions  such as the deletion and addition of stocks  the substitution of stocks  stock dividends  and stock splits.License AgreementWe have entered into a non-exclusive license agreement with STOXX providing for the license to us and certain of our affiliated or subsidiary companies  in exchange for a fee  of the right to use indices owned and published by STOXX (including the SX5E) in connection with certain securities  including the Notes offered hereby.The license agreement between us and STOXX requires that the following language be stated in this document:STOXX has no relationship to us  other than the licensing of the SX5E and the related trademarks for use in connection with the Notes. STOXX does not:• sponsor  endorse  sell  or promote the Notes;• recommend that any person invest in the Notes offered hereby or any other securities;• have any responsibility or liability for or make any decisions about the timing  amount  or pricing of the Notes;• have any responsibility or liability for the administration  management  or marketing of the Notes; or• consider the needs of the Notes or the holders of the Notes in determining  composing  or calculating the SX5E  or have any obligation to do so.STOXX will not have any liability in connection with the Notes. Specifically:• STOXX does not make any warranty  express or implied  and disclaims any and all warranty concerning:• the results to be obtained by the Notes  the holders of the Notes or any other person in connection with the use of the SX5E and the data included in the SX5E;• the accuracy or completeness of the SX5E and its data;• the merchantability and the fitness for a particular purpose or use of the SX5E and its data;• STOXX will have no liability for any errors  omissions  or interruptions in the SX5E or its data; and• Under no circumstances will STOXX be liable for any lost profits or indirect  punitive  special  or consequential damages or losses  even if STOXX knows that they might occur.The licensing agreement between us and STOXX is solely for their benefit and our benefit  and not for the benefit of the holders of the Notes or any other third parties.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaHISTORICAL INFORMATIONWe obtained the information regarding the historical performance of the Reference Indices in the graphs below from Bloomberg Financial Markets.We have not independently investigated the accuracy or completeness of the information obtained from Bloomberg Financial Markets. The historical performance of the Reference Indices should not be taken as an indication of their future performance  and no assurance can be given as to the Final Level of any Reference Index. We cannot give you assurance that the performance of any of the Reference Indices will not result in the loss of all or a portion of your investment in the Notes.Historical Information for the SPXThe graph below illustrates the performance of this Reference Index from January 1  2012 to February 15  2022. The closing level of this Reference Index on February 15  2022  its Initial Level  was 4 471.07. The red line represents the Coupon Barrier and Trigger Level of 2 682.64  which is equal to 60% of its Initial Level  rounded to two decimal places.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaHistorical Information for the RTYThe graph below illustrates the performance of this Reference Index from January 1  2012 to February 15  2022. The closing level of this Reference Index on February 15  2022  its Initial Level  was 2 076.462. The red line represents the Coupon Barrier and Trigger Level of 1 245.877  which is equal to 60% of its Initial Level  rounded to three decimal places.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaHistorical Information for the SX5EThe graph below illustrates the performance of this Reference Index from January 1  2012 to February 15  2022. The closing level of this Reference Index on February 15  2022  its Initial Level  was 4 143.71. The red line represents the Coupon Barrier and Trigger Level of 2 486.23  which is equal to 60% of its Initial Level  rounded to two decimal places.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaSUPPLEMENTAL DISCUSSION OFU.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCESThe following disclosure supplements  and to the extent inconsistent supersedes  the discussion in the product prospectus supplement under “Supplemental Discussion of U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences.”Under Section 871(m) of the Code  a “dividend equivalent” payment is treated as a dividend from sources within the United States. Such payments generally would be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax if paid to a non-U.S. holder. Under U.S. Treasury Department regulations  payments (including deemed payments) with respect to equity-linked instruments (“ELIs”) that are “specified ELIs” may be treated as dividend equivalents if such specified ELIs reference  directly or indirectly  an interest in an “underlying security ” which is generally any interest in an entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes if a payment with respect to such interest could give rise to a U.S. source dividend. However  the IRS has issued guidance that states that the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS intend to amend the effective dates of the U.S. Treasury Department regulations to provide that withholding on dividend equivalent payments will not apply to specified ELIs that are not delta-one instruments and that are issued before January 1  2023. Based on our determination that the Notes are not delta-one instruments  non-U.S. holders should not be subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments  if any  under the Notes. However  it is possible that the Notes could be treated as deemed reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting a Reference Index or the Notes (for example  upon a Reference Index rebalancing) and following such occurrence the Notes could be treated as subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments. Non-U.S. holders that enter  or have entered  into other transactions in respect of a Reference Index or the Notes should consult their tax advisors as to the application of the dividend equivalent withholding tax in the context of the Notes and their other transactions. If any payments are treated as dividend equivalents subject to withholding  we (or the applicable withholding agent) would be entitled to withhold taxes without being required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so withheld.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaSUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)Delivery of the Notes will be made against payment for the Notes on February 18  2021  which is the third (3rd) business day following the Trade Date (this settlement cycle being referred to as “T+3”).We will deliver the Notes on a date that is greater than two business days following the Trade Date. Under Rule 15c6-1 of the Exchange Act  trades in the secondary market generally are required to settle in two business days  unless the parties to any such trade expressly agree otherwise. Accordingly  purchasers who wish to trade the Notes more than two business days prior to the original issue date will be required to specify alternative arrangements to prevent a failed settlement.In the initial offering of the Notes  they will be offered to investors at a purchase price equal to par  except with respect to certain accounts as indicated on the cover page of this document. In addition to the underwriting discount set forth on the cover page  we or one of our affiliates may also pay an expected fee to a broker-dealer that is unaffiliated with us for providing certain electronic platform services with respect to this offering.See “Plan of Distribution” in the prospectus. For additional information as to the relationship between us and RBCCM  please see the section “Plan of Distribution—Conflicts of Interest” in the prospectus.The value of the Notes shown on your account statement may be based on RBCCM’s estimate of the value of the Notes if RBCCM or another of our affiliates were to make a market in the Notes (which it is not obligated to do). That estimate will be based upon the price that RBCCM may pay for the Notes in light of then prevailing market conditions  our creditworthiness and transaction costs. For a period of approximately 9 months after the issue date of the Notes  the value of the Notes that may be shown on your account statement may be higher than RBCCM’s estimated value of the Notes at that time. This is because the estimated value of the Notes will not include the underwriting discount and our hedging costs and profits; however  the value of the Notes shown on your account statement during that period may be a higher amount  reflecting the addition of RBCCM’s underwriting discount and our estimated costs and profits from hedging the Notes. This excess is expected to decrease over time until the end of this period. After this period  if RBCCM repurchases your Notes  it expects to do so at prices that reflect their estimated value.We may use this pricing supplement in the initial sale of the Notes. In addition  RBCCM or another of our affiliates may use this pricing supplement in a market-making transaction in the Notes after their initial sale. Unless we or our agent informs the purchaser otherwise in the confirmation of sale  this pricing supplement is being used in a market-making transaction.Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier NotesLinked to the Lesser Performing of ThreeEquity IndicesRoyal Bank of CanadaSTRUCTURING THE NOTESThe Notes are our debt securities  the return on which is linked to the performance of the Reference Indices. As is the case for all of our debt securities  including our structured notes  the economic terms of the Notes reflect our actual or perceived creditworthiness at the time of pricing. In addition  because structured notes result in increased operational  funding and liability management costs to us  we typically borrow the funds under these Notes at a rate that is more favorable to us than the rate that we might pay for a conventional fixed or floating rate debt security of comparable maturity. Using this relatively lower implied borrowing rate rather than the secondary market rate  is a factor that reduced the initial estimated value of the Notes at the time their terms were set. Unlike the estimated value that is set forth on the cover page of this pricing supplement  any value of the Notes determined for purposes of a secondary market transaction may be based on a different funding rate  which may result in a lower value for the Notes than if our initial internal funding rate were used.In order to satisfy our payment obligations under the Notes  we may choose to enter into certain hedging arrangements (which may include call options  put options or other derivatives) on the issue date with RBCCM or one of our other subsidiaries. The terms of these hedging arrangements take into account a number of factors  including our creditworthiness  interest rate movements  the volatility of the Reference Indices  and the tenor of the Notes. The economic terms of the Notes and their initial estimated value depend in part on the terms of these hedging arrangements.The lower implied borrowing rate is a factor that reduced the economic terms of the Notes to you. The initial offering price of the Notes also reflects the underwriting commission and our estimated hedging costs. These factors resulted in the initial estimated value for the Notes on the Trade Date being less than their public offering price. See “Selected Risk Considerations—The Initial Estimated Value of the Notes Is Less than the Price to the Public” above.VALIDITY OF THE NOTESIn the opinion of Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP  the issue and sale of the Notes has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Bank in conformity with the Indenture  and when the Notes have been duly executed  authenticated and issued in accordance with the Indenture and delivered against payment therefor  the Notes will be validly issued and  to the extent validity of the Notes is a matter governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario or Québec  or the laws of Canada applicable therein  will be valid obligations of the Bank  subject to equitable remedies which may only be granted at the discretion of a court of competent authority  subject to applicable bankruptcy  to rights to indemnity and contribution under the Notes or the Indenture which may be limited by applicable law  to insolvency and other laws of general application affecting creditors’ rights  to limitations under applicable limitations statutes  and to limitations as to the currency in which judgments in Canada may be rendered  as prescribed by the Currency Act (Canada). This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the Provinces of Ontario and Québec and the federal laws of Canada applicable thereto. In addition  this opinion is subject to customary assumptions about the Trustee’s authorization  execution and delivery of the Indenture and the genuineness of signatures and certain factual matters  all as stated in the letter of such counsel dated September 14  2021  which has been filed as Exhibit 5.3 to the Bank’s Form 6-K filed with the SEC on September 14  2021.In the opinion of Ashurst LLP  when the Notes have been duly completed in accordance with the Indenture and issued and sold as contemplated by the prospectus supplement and the prospectus  the Notes will be valid  binding and enforceable obligations of the Bank  entitled to the benefits of the Indenture  subject to applicable bankruptcy  insolvency  fraudulent transfer  reorganization  moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors' rights and subject to general principles of equity  public policy considerations and the discretion of the court before which any suit or proceeding may be brought. This opinion is given as of the date hereof and is limited to the laws of the State of New York. This opinion is subject to customary assumptions about the Trustee’s authorization  execution and delivery of the Indenture and the genuineness of signatures and to such counsel’s reliance on the Bank and other sources as to certain factual matters  all as stated in the legal opinion dated September 14  2021  which has been filed as Exhibit 5.4 to the Bank’s Form 6-K dated September 14  2021.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Form 424B2 ROYAL BANK', 'CANADA', 'U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation Act', 'Initial Level EURO STOXX 50® Index', 'U.S. government agency', 'Auto-Callable Contingent Coupon Barrier Notes', 'Per Note Total Price', 'Lesser Performing Reference Index', 'Canada Stock Exchange Listing', 'Initial Levels Coupon Barriers', 'Initial Level Russell 2000® Index', 'applicable Coupon Payment Date', 'S&P 500® Index', 'Note Issue Date', 'senior unsecured obligations', 'two decimal places', 'three decimal places', 'RBC Capital Markets', 'initial estimated value', 'The Reference Index', 'quarterly Contingent Coupon', 'applicable Observation Date', 'three equity indices', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'None Trade Date', 'corresponding Observation Date', 'fee-based advisory accounts', 'Coupon Payment Dates', 'product prospectus supplement', 'Contingent Coupon Rate', 'lowest Underlying Return', 'public offering price', 'state securities commission', 'Reference Indices', 'Trigger Levels', 'Exchange Commission', 'Observation Dates', 'Contingent Coupons', 'Valuation Date', 'cash payment', 'actual value', 'credit risk', 'Risk Factors', 'Final Level', 'closing level', 'pricing supplement', 'Royal Bank', 'other Canadian', 'common shares', 'criminal offense', 'Call Feature', 'Underwriting discounts', 'sole discretion', 'Supplemental Plan', 'Principal Amount', 'Maturity Date', 'other dealers', 'The Notes', 'selling concessions', 'circumstances', 'terms', 'documents', 'SPX', 'RTY', 'SX5E', 'case', 'payments', 'number', 'risks', 'page', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'conversion', 'subsection', 'representation', 'contrary', 'Issuer', 'February', 'August', 'annum', 'investor', 'CUSIP', '78016FDY7', 'commissions', 'Proceeds', 'sale', 'RBCCM', 'agent', 'portion', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'Interest']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,streetinsider.com
19,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RATOS-AB-PUBL-6491842/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Ratos-AB-publ-39511234/,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Ratos AB (publ),Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Ratos AB (publ) 02/18/2022 | 02:31am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Shareholders of Ratos AB (publ)  reg.nr 556008-3585  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held at Tuesday  March 22  2022 .For the period until the next Annual General Meeting has been held  re-election is proposed of the audit firm Ernst & Young AB .Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial.,"Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Ratos AB (publ) 02/18/2022 | 02:31am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Shareholders of Ratos AB (publ)  reg.nr 556008-3585  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held at Tuesday  March 22  2022 . The AGM will be conducted pursuant to so called mail-in procedures  meaning that no shareholders will attend the AGM in person or through proxy. Instead  shareholders can participate in the AGM by voting and submitting questions in advance pursuant to the instructions described below. In order to participate in the AGM  a shareholder shall: a. be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Monday  March 14  2022   andb. notify attendance at the AGM no later than Monday  March 21  2022 . The exercise of voting rights in accordance with the mail-in procedure will be considered as a notification from the shareholder to attend the meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the names of banks or other nominees must temporarily register the shares in their own name in order to be entitled to participate in the AGM via the mail-in process. As such registration must be in place as of Wednesday  March 16  2022   shareholders must inform the nominee of the registration well in advance of that date.A. Overview of Mail-In Procedures for the AGM 2022In order to ensure the health and safety of the Company's shareholders  employees and other stakeholders  the Board of Directors of Ratos AB has resolved on extraordinary meeting procedures pursuant to the law of the temporary act on general meetings which is expected to enter into force on March 1  2022 . Specifically  the following procedures will apply: The AGM will take place on Tuesday  March 22  2022 . However  no shareholders  proxy holders or other external persons will be able to attend in person.Shareholders will only be able to participate in the AGM by voting on the matters and the proposals on the meeting agenda and submitting questions to the Company in advance. See Section B  below  for more details on how.The Agenda for the AGM is as set forth below in Section C  with certain items being further explained in Section D below.There will be no webcast in connection with the AGM. A press release will be issued following the AGM informing of those material items that are approved by the AGM as soon as the outcome of the mail-in voting procedure has been finally established. Details of the actual voting results will be included in the minutes of the meeting and will be published within two weeks thereafter.B. Process for Advanced Voting and QuestionsA shareholder can exercise his/her/its shareholder's rights at the AGM by (A) voting in advance on the items on the agenda of the AGM  and (B) submitting questions to the Company in connection with the AGM.Any registered shareholder intending to participate in the AGM (via advanced voting or questions)  must submit the following information in connection with their respective submissions:** the shareholder's name  ** personal or organization number  ** email address  and ** telephone number. The data received will be computerized and used solely for the purpose of the AGM 2022. For shareholders wishing to participate through an authorized representative (i.e.  where such authorized representative is the one submitting advanced voting or questions on behalf of such shareholder)  the Company will provide power of attorney templates on the Company's website. Shareholders participating through an authorized representative must submit the power of attorney together with the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate or a corresponding document for the legal entity shall be enclosed.B1. Advance votingAdvance voting will be available as of Friday  February 18  2022 until Monday  March 21  2022 . A shareholder can vote in advance by any of the following methods: Website Voting: Voting may be done electronically through signing with BankID on the Company's website www.ratos.com/en;Email Voting: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.ratos.com/en and then emailing such form to the following email address info@computershare.se  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above).Regular Mail: Voting may be submitted by completing the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.ratos.com/en and after completion sending a physical copy (i.e.  printed out) of such form  together with any power of attorney and/or other authorization documents (See Section B  above) to the following address  Computershare AB   ""Ratos årsstämma 2022""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm  Sweden .A shareholder cannot give any other instructions than selecting one of the options specified at each point in the advanced voting form. A vote (i.e. the postal voting in its entirety) is invalid if the shareholder has modified the form to provide specific instructions or conditions or if pre-printed text is amended or supplemented.The advanced voting form  together with any enclosed power of attorney and other authorization documentation  must have been received by Ratos no later than on Monday  March 21  2022 . If received later  the vote will be disregarded.For any questions regarding advance voting  please contact Computershare AB   ph.+46 8 518 01 550  between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. (CET) weekdays.B2. QuestionsQuestions to the Company in connection with the AGM can be submitted to Ratos up until Saturday  March 12  2022 . Shareholders wishing to pose questions may do so by any of the following methods: Email: Questions may be submitted by emailing to the following email address: info@ratos.comRegular Mail: Questions may be submitted by regular mail to the following address  Ratos AB   ""Ratos AGM 2022""  Mailbox 511  SE-114 11 Stockholm  Sweden .The shareholder must include name of the shareholder  personal or organization number and postal address  for the question to be answered. The shareholder should also state its email address and telephone number.Questions submitted by shareholders must have been received by Ratos no later than on Saturday  March 12  2022   and will be responded to and published not later than on Thursday  March 17  2022 . The questions and responses will be available at the Company  Ratos AB   Sturegatan 10  SE-114 36 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Company's website  www.ratos.com/en  and will be sent to the shareholder provided the shareholder's address is known by the Company or provided by the shareholder together with the question.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  upon request of a shareholder  and provided that the Board of Directors deems this can be done without causing significant harm to the Company  inform about circumstances which may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial position or circumstances which may affect the Company's relationship to other group companies.C. Proposed Agenda Opening of the AGM. Election of the Chairman of the AGM. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman. Determination of whether the AGM has been duly convened. Approval of the Agenda for the AGM. Presentation of the annual report and the audit report as well as a statement by the auditors concerning guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution regarding the remuneration report  Appendix A. Resolution on discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Resolution on distribution of the Company's profit  according to the adopted balance sheet  and on the record date for dividends. Determination of the number of directors and deputy directors. Determination of fees to be paid to the Board of Directors and auditor. Election of the Board of Directors and auditor. The Board's proposal for decision on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The Board's proposal for decision on long-term incentive program 2022/2026. The Board's proposal that the Board be authorised to decide on purchase and transfer of treasury shares. The Board's proposal that the Board be authorised to decide on new issue of Class B shares in conjunction with company acquisitions. Conclusion of the AGM.D. Explanation of Certain AGM ProposalsNOMINATION COMMITTEE'S PROPOSALSProposals by the Nomination Committee regarding Board of Directors  etc. (items 2  12-14)The Nomination Committee has unanimously agreed that at the 2022 Annual General Meeting with regard to items 2 and 12-14 in the Agenda  it will put forward the following proposals:Item 2: The Chairman of the Board  Per-Olof Söderberg  is appointed Chairman of the AGM  or if he is unable to attend  any other person proposed by the Board of Directors.Item 12: Seven directors  without deputy directors.Item 13: Remuneration to each of the Board members  except for CEO Jonas Wistr öm  amounts to SEK 500 000 ( SEK 485 000 previous year) and to the Chairman of the Board amounts unchanged to SEK 970 000 . For the members of the Audit Committee  remuneration is proposed to SEK 250 000 ( SEK 150 000 previous year) to the chairman of the Committee and unchanged SEK 100 000 to each other member of the Committee. For the Compensation Committee  remuneration is proposed to SEK 75 000 ( SEK 50 000 previous year) to both the chairman and to each other member of the Committee.The auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved account.Item 14: For the period until the next Annual General Meeting has been held  re-election is proposed of Board members Per-Olof Söderberg  who is also proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board  Ulla Litzén   Karsten Slotte   Jan Söderberg and Jonas Wiström (CEO) and election of new Board members Tone Lunde Bakker and Helena Svancar . Eva Karlsson has declined re-election.For the period until the next Annual General Meeting has been held  re-election is proposed of the audit firm Ernst & Young AB . Ernst & Young AB has announced that Erik Sandström will be appointed as chief auditor for the audit.BOARD'S PROPOSALS Preparation and approval of the voting list (item 3)The voting list that is proposed to be approved is the voting list that has been prepared by Computershare AB   based on the general meeting share register and votes received  checked by the minute-checkers.Election of two persons to verify the minutes together with the Chairman (item 4)The Board proposes that two minute-checkers be elected  and that Katarina Söderbaum and Erik Brändström are elected  or  if someone or both of them are unable to attend  any other person proposed by Ratos's Board of Directors.The Board's proposal regarding dividend and record date (item 11)The Board proposes a dividend for 2021 of SEK 1.20 per Class A share and 1.20 per Class B share. The proposed record date for the dividend is March 24  2022 and payments from Euroclear Sweden AB are expected to be made on March 29  2022 .The total dividend to holders of shares of Class A and Class B as above  amounts to SEK 390 million based on the 324 676 320 outstanding shares on January 31  2022 . The number of treasury shares of Class B on this date is 62 500  which might change during the period up until the record date for dividends.Funds remaining after dividends on shares of Class A and Class B  SEK 8 293 million   will be carried forward to new account.The Board's proposal for decision on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives.These guidelines cover members of the Board of Directors  the CEO and other senior executives in Ratos's management team. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the annual general meeting 2022. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityInformation regarding the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  is available on the company's website (https://www.ratos.com/).A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the company offers competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable the company to offer the executive management a competitive total remuneration.Long-term share-related incentive plans have been implemented in the company. Such plans have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. For more information regarding these incentive plans  please see https://www.ratos.com/.Variable cash remuneration covered by these guidelines shall aim at promoting the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration to senior executives shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. Additionally  the general meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to not more than 100 per cent of the total fixed annual cash salary. Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and only made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of retaining executives  or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 25 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the compensation committee.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance (Sw: sjukförsäkring)  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance  shall be premium defined. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. The pension premiums for premium defined pension shall amount to not more than 30 per cent of the fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include  for example  reimbursements for dental care and health care (including medication)  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and company cars. For the CEO  such benefits may be paid out to a customary limited extent.Termination of employmentUpon termination of an employment  the notice period may not exceed twelve months. Fixed cash salary during the notice period and severance pay may not together exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed cash salary for six months for the CEO and twelve months for other senior executives. Additionally  remuneration may be paid for non-compete undertakings. Such remuneration shall compensate for loss of income  amount to not more than 60 per cent of the fixed monthly cash salary at the time of termination of employment  shall only be paid in so far as the previously employed senior executive is not entitled to severance pay and be paid during the time the non-compete undertaking applies  however not for more than twelve months following termination of employment for senior executives. When termination is made by the senior executive  the notice period may not exceed six months  without any right to severance pay.Criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  etc.The variable cash remuneration shall be linked to predetermined and measurable criteria which can be financial or non-financial. They may be individualized quantitative or qualitative objectives. The criteria shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive's long-term development. The proportion of variable cash remuneration varies depending on the senior executive's position in the company. The portion of the variable cash remuneration linked to the outcome of financial criteria is normally 100 per cent for the CEO and the CFO  approximately 80-90 per cent for the Business Area Managers and approximately 75 per cent for other senior executives  even if the portion can be larger or smaller depending on the specific circumstances  and shall be dependent on (i) EBITA growth in Ratos group and  (ii) growth in earnings before tax (EBT) for the Ratos group.Generally  50 per cent of the variable cash remuneration is paid out the year after the earning year and 50 per cent is paid out the following year. However  up to 100 per cent of the variable cash remuneration can be paid out the year after the earning year  provided that the received cash remuneration exceeding 50 per cent is entirely invested in instruments in Ratos's long-term incentive program.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO  based on a proposal from the compensation committee. For variable cash remuneration to other senior executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the starting point for the evaluation shall be the latest financial information made public by the company.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the compensation committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to the senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed in the remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a compensation committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the annual general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The compensation committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company. The members of the compensation committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the compensation committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Directors' resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.The Board's proposal for decision on long-term incentive program 2022/2026 (item 16)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves upon the implementation of a long-term incentive program 2022/2026 (""LTI2022"") for the CEO and other key employees in Ratos in accordance with the below.(a) The Board's proposal for resolution on LTI2022 (the inclusion of the CEO in the LTI2022 is conditional upon the approval of the Annual General Meeting under item (b) below)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves upon the implementation of LTI2022 consisting of convertible debentures and warrants (below jointly referred to as the ""Instruments""). An incentive system for the company's business organization is of great strategic importance for Ratos. Accordingly  the Board considers that the existence of an efficient share-based incentive program for the company's key employees is essential for the company's development and the Board has the ambition to offer all key employees an opportunity to participate in the program every year. The purpose of this proposal is to create opportunities for retaining and recruiting competent employees and increase their motivation. LTI2022 will further increase the interest in the company's business and profitability and will contribute to a common interest of participants and shareholders. Consequently  the Board considers that the introduction of LTI2022 on the terms described below will be to the benefit of the group and the company's shareholders.Issue of convertible debentures and warrantsThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves: a. that the company shall take up a debenture loan at a nominal amount not exceeding SEK 152 000 000 or such lower amount set forth below  through an issue of convertible debentures without preemptive rights for the shareholders. The loan shall be represented by convertible debentures not exceeding 1 835 000  each at a nominal amount equivalent to the Conversion Price (as defined below). The increase of the company's share capital could not amount to more than SEK 5 780 250 upon full conversion of the convertible debentures (based on the current quotient value and that no recalculation has been made in accordance with Appendix 2A).b. to carry out an issue of not more than 892 500 warrants without preemptive rights for the shareholders. The increase of the company's share capital could not amount to more than SEK 2 811 375 upon full exercise of the warrants (based on the current quotient value and that no recalculation has been made in accordance with Appendix 2B).Yet  a maximum of 1 835 000 Instruments can be issued. The increase of the company's share capital can accordingly  if all the Instruments are subscribed for and converted/exercised  amount to not more than SEK 5 780 250 (based on the current quotient value and that no recalculation has been made in accordance with Appendix 2A and 2B).The right to subscribe for the Instruments  with deviation from the shareholders' preemptive rights  shall belong to the CEO with not more than 300 000 Instruments (excluding the right to additional subscription as stated below)  members of Ratos's management team with not more than 250 000 Instruments (excluding the right to additional subscription as stated below) and other key employees currently active in Ratos or that may be recruited  with a right to subscribe for not more than 70 000 Instruments per person (excluding right to additional subscription as stated below). Members of the Board whom are not employed by Ratos are not included in this offering. In total  a maximum of 15 individuals are included in this offering.As a requirement for the allotment of warrants  the employee must have signed an agreement with the company regarding repurchase right etc. in which inter alia the company or another buyer appointed by the company has a right to redeem the warrants if the participant's employment is terminated. Furthermore  allotment of the Instruments requires that subscription is legally possible and that it  according to the Board's opinion  can be made with reasonable administrative and financial efforts.Participants are (with some exceptions) free to decide to which extent the offered Instruments shall consist of convertible debentures. For warrants apply  that they may constitute a maximum of 50 per cent of the offered Instruments. Subscription of the convertible debentures must be made in even numbers of hundreds. Subscription of the warrants must be made in even numbers of integer.In the event that a participant does not subscribe for the full amount of Instruments offered  other participants have a right to subscribe for such Instruments to an amount corresponding to not more than 50 per cent of their initial allocation  where the proportion of warrants can  however  only consist of a maximum of 25 per cent of the participant's initial allotment. In the event that the issue is oversubscribed  the Instruments will be allotted pro rata in relation to the participant's initial allocation. Oversubscription of the convertible debentures must be made in even numbers of hundreds. Oversubscription of the warrants must however be made in even numbers of integer.The reasons for the deviation from the shareholders' preemptive right are to introduce an incentive program through which the employees are offered to take part of  and contribute to  an increased value of the company's share during the period of the proposed program and to enable the company to retain and recruit competent employees.Subscription of the Instruments shall be made during the period from and including 16 May 2022 until and including 20 May 2022 on a separate subscription list. The Board has the right to extend the subscription period for the Instruments and the time for payment for the convertible debentures.The subscription price for each convertible debenture shall correspond to its nominal amount. Subscribed convertible debentures shall be paid in cash no later than on 27 May 2022 . The warrants shall be issued free of charge  resulting in costs for the company (see below). As the warrants are offered to the employees free of charge  the employees will thereby receive a benefit corresponding to the market value of the warrants at allocation  calculated in accordance with Black & Scholes. To stimulate participation in the program  Ratos intends to subsidize part of the cost  meaning that the net cost for participants amounts to approximately 25 per cent of the benefit value from the first acquired warrant. The subsidy is received in connection with the allotment. Warrants that are subscribed for in addition to the initial allocation are not covered by any subsidy and shall be issued at market price determined as stated below and shall be paid in cash no later than 27 May 2022 .Each convertible debenture entitles at the time of conversion to one new share of Class B in the company and each warrant entitles to subscription of one new share of Class B in the company. The convertible debentures can be converted into new share of Class B during the period from and including 31 May 2025 until and including 31 July 2026 . The warrants may be exercised to subscribe for new shares of Class B during the period from and including 31 May 2025 until and including 15 December 2025 . Such right is however limited to a period of 10 Banking Days as from the first Banking Day immediately following the publishing of an interim report/year-end report as well as regarding the convertible debentures during the period from and including 1 July 2026 until and including 31 July 2026 and regarding the warrants during the period from and including 16 November 2025 until and including 15 December 2025 .The Conversion Price per share at the time of conversion of the convertible debenture shall correspond to a certain percentage (the ""Percentage"") of the volume weighted average share price according to Nasdaq Stockholm's official price list for the shares of Class B during the period from 3 May 2022 until and including 12 May 2022 (the ""Conversion Price"")  but not lower than the current quotient value of the shares of Class B or higher than SEK 80 . The Percentage shall be determined in accordance with the calculation methodology set forth in Appendix 1 which is available at the company's website.Based on a price for Ratos's share of Class B amounting to SEK 59.00 and other market conditions prevailing on 5 January 2022 the Percentage would have been 102.87 per cent and the Conversion Price SEK 60.69 . If the total return (i.e. the share price development with reinvested dividends) for Ratos's share of Class B amounts to at least 10 per cent up to the time of exercise  the subscription price per share shall upon exercise of the warrants correspond to 100 per cent of the volume weighted average share price according to Nasdaq Stockholm's official price list for shares of Class B during the period from and including 3 May 2022 until and including 12 May 2022   but not lower than the current quotient value of a share of Class B. If the total return (i.e. the share price development with reinvested dividends) for Ratos's share of Class B amounts to less than 10 per cent up to the time of exercise  the subscription price per share shall upon exercise of the warrants  however  correspond to 125 per cent of the volume weighted average share price according to Nasdaq Stockholm's official price list for shares of Class B during the period from and including 3 May 2022 until and including 12 May 2022   but not lower than the current quotient value of a share of Class B. The starting point for the calculation of the total return shall correspond to the volume weighted average share price according to Nasdaq Stockholm's official price list for shares of Class B during the period from and including 3 May 2022 until and including 12 May 2022 (corresponding to 8 trading days)  but not lower than the current quotient value of a share of Class B. The end point for calculating the share price development shall correspond to the volume weighted average share price according to Nasdaq Stockholm's official price list for shares of Class B for a period of 8 trading days immediately before the exercise of the warrant. The Percentage  Conversion Price and subscription price shall be adopted by the Board immediately after the expiration of the mentioned measurement period.Any share premium when converting to a new share of Class B in the Company or when subscribing for a new share of Class B in the Company shall be allocated to the Company's free share premium fund (Sw: fria överkursfonden).The convertible debentures are due for payment on 31 August 2026   to the extent that conversion has not taken place by then. The convertible debentures shall carry an annual interest to be determined the first time on 24 May 2022 for the period from 27 May 2022 until and including 30 September 2022 . The interest rate is STIBOR (3 or 6 months) plus 1.9 percentage points  where the starting point of STIBOR never can fall below 0 per cent. The interest is due for payment in arrears on 30 March each year  the first time on 30 March 2023   and at the maturity date of the loan.The subscription price and the Conversion Price for the convertible debentures is a market price determined as stated above. The methodology for the calculation of the subscription price and the Conversion Price for the convertibles is based on a valuation requested by the Board from one of the larger audit firms (""Valuation Firm""). For the valuation  the Valuation Firm shall apply methods considered by market professionals as established for comparable securities. The subscription price and Conversion Price for the convertible debentures is to be determined before the start of the subscription period. The calculation of the value of the warrants at allocation shall be based on a market price based on a valuation requested by the Board from the Valuation Firm. For the valuation  the Valuation Firm shall apply methods considered by market professionals as established for comparable securities. The value of the warrants at allocation is to be determined before the start of the subscription period.The new shares  which may be issued through conversion or upon subscription for new shares are not subject to any restrictions.Complete terms and conditions of the Instruments are set forth in Appendix 2A and 2B  which are available at the Company's website. The terms and conditions of the Instruments include customary terms for the recalculation of the subscription price and the Conversion Price in the presence of certain corporate events (such as dividends  bonus issues and preemptive right issues).Warrants held by the company or a wholly-owned subsidiary due to a repurchase from a participant may be cancelled by the company following a resolution by the Board with consent of the Board of Directors of the subsidiary. Cancellation shall be filed for registration to the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The Board or a person appointed by the Board is authorized to make such minor adjustments required in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB .More information on LTI2022DilutionDuring LTI2022  not more than 1 835 000 Instruments can be issued and allotted. At full subscription/conversion  not more than 1 835 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.57 per cent of the number and approximately 0.17 per cent of the votes  calculated based on the number of outstanding shares (i.e.  the total amount of issued shares reduced by the numbers of shares held by the company) (notwithstanding a possible recalculation in accordance with Appendix 2A and 2B). At full conversion and exercise of the proposed Instruments  together with already outstanding options and convertible debentures  the amount of shares amounts to 1.89 per cent of the number and 0.56 per cent of the votes  calculated based on the amount of outstanding shares.Preparation of the proposalThe proposal of LTI2022 has been prepared by the Compensation Committee in consultation with external experts and the Board. The Board has subsequently decided to present this proposal to the annual general meeting. The CEO has not participated in the preparations of the proposal.Other share-based incentive programsThe ongoing share-based incentive programs of Ratos are described in the company's annual report 2021  note 7.Effects on key ratio and costs etc.LTI2022 will entail certain limited costs consisting of remuneration to external consultants and administration costs regarding the Instruments and the program in general.Based on a share price of Ratos's share of Class B of SEK 59.00 and other market conditions prevailing on 5 January 2022   the value per warrant has been estimated to SEK 12.69   which implies a value for all warrants that could be issued of a maximum of approximately SEK 11.3 million .LTI2022  calculated on the basis of the above estimated warrant value  entails a cost for the company amounting to a maximum of approximately SEK 22.3 million   of which SEK 11.3 million refers to the benefit value of the warrants at allotment  SEK 5.7 million refers to the cash subsidy to the participants and SEK 5.3 million refers to social security contributions. The proposed convertible debentures are not expected to result in any social security contributions for the company. The dilution effect of the Instruments may affect the key ratio per share in accordance with the IAS 33 accounting standard  but to a very limited extent.The Company's costs related to the warrants can however never exceed SEK 23 million . If the value  based on the valuation at allotment  of all warrants that the participants want to subscribe  would result in a cost as above for the Company exceeding SEK 23 million   a certain number of warrants in the initial allotment are excluded of the right to subsidy  so that the Company's costs related to the warrants never exceed SEK 23 million . The allocation of the subsidized warrants in made pro rata between the participants in relation to the number of warrants that the participant wants to subscribe for in the initial allotment. The warrants in the initial allotment that are not covered by any subsidy shall be issued at market price determined as stated above and shall be paid in cash no later than 27 May 2022 .FinancingA Swedish commercial bank will offer financing for the employees who intend to participate in the convertible debenture program. Such financing will be on market terms.Instruction to the BoardThe Board proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of the company to execute the resolution in accordance with above.Majority requirementA decision under this item (a) and item (b) below is only valid if it is supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths of both votes cast and shares represented at the Meeting.(b) Approval of inclusion of the CEO in the LTI2022As the CEO of the company  Jonas Wiström  also is a member of the Board of the company  the Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves  as a separate resolution  to approve the inclusion of the CEO of the company in the program.The Board's proposal that the Board be authorised to decide on purchase and transfer of treasury shares (item 17) Authorization to decide on acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board during the period before the next Annual General Meeting to decide on acquisition of treasury shares in accordance with the following conditions: - Acquisition may be made of Class A shares and Class B shares. - Acquisition must take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price band registered at any time on Nasdaq Stockholm. - Acquisition may take place on one or more occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting. - A maximum number of shares may be acquired so that the Company's holding at any time does not exceed ten (10) per cent of all the shares in the Company. - Acquisition may be made within the frame of a repurchase program in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council and with the Commissions delegated regulation (EU) 2016/1052.Authorization to decide on transfer of treasury sharesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board during the period before the next Annual General Meeting to decide on transfer of treasury shares in accordance with the following conditions: - Transfer may take place of all treasury shares held by the Company. - Transfer may take place on one or more occasions prior to the next Annual General Meeting. - Transfer may place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price band registered at any time on Nasdaq Stockholm. - Transfer of shares may also take place outside Nasdaq Stockholm  with or without deviation from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders and with or without provisions on non-cash or set-off. - Payment for transferred shares shall be made in cash  or through non-cash or set-off of claims against the Company  or otherwise be subject to terms and condition. The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights when transferring shares and the basis for the sale price is that the best possible conditions for the Company can be achieved. The purpose of acquisition and transfer of treasury shares is to give the Board more flexibility in its work to create value for the Company's shareholders and to enable the transfer of own shares as payment or to finance acquisitions. It is noted that the purpose of the authorization does not allow the Company to trade in own shares for short-term profit.A decision under this item is only valid if it is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both votes cast and shares represented at the Meeting.The Board's proposal that the Board be authorised to decide on new issue of Class B shares in conjunction with company acquisitions (item 18)The Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  to authorise the Board in conjunction with agreements on company acquisitions  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the pre-emptive rights of shareholders  for a cash payment  through set-off or non-cash  to make a decision on new issue of Class B shares in the Company. This authorization shall comprise a maximum of 35 million Class B shares. The new issue amount received may  for each individual agreement on company acquisition  amount to a maximum of Ratos's capital contribution for the acquisition.The reason for deviation from pre-emptive rights is that the Company shall be able to issue shares as payment in conjunction with company acquisitions  alternatively procure capital for such acquisitions. The issue price will be determined in accordance with current market conditions.The Board  the CEO or the person appointed by one of them shall be entitled to make any minor adjustments to the above decision which might be required in conjunction with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.A decision under this item is only valid if it is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both votes cast and shares represented at the Meeting.OTHER INFORMATIONShares and votesOn the date this notice was issued there are a total of 324 738 820 shares in the Company  of which 84 637 060 are Class A shares with one vote each and 240 101 760 are Class B shares with one-tenth of a vote each  corresponding to a total of 108 647 236.0 votes. The Company's treasury shares on the same date amount to 62 500 Class B shares  corresponding to a total of 6 250 votes  which cannot be represented at the Meeting.DocumentationThe annual report  audit report  remuneration report and other documents for the Annual General Meeting will be available at the Company at Sturegatan 10  in Stockholm   and on the Company's website www.ratos.com from March 1  2022   at the latest. Documents will also be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  seewww.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfStockholm   February 2022 Ratos AB (publ) Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per-Olof Söderberg  Chairman of the Board  Ratos  +46 8 700 17 00Jenny Parnesten  Chairman of the Nomination Committee  +46 70 742 51 77Josefine Uppling   VP Communication  Ratos  +46 76 114 54 21The information was submitted for publication at 8:30 a.m. CET on 18 February 2022 . About RatosRatos is a business group consisting of 13 companies divided into three business areas: Construction & Services  Consumer and Industry. In total 2021  the companies have approximately SEK 36 billion in sales. Our business concept is to develop companies headquartered in the Nordics that are or can become market leaders. We enable independent companies to excel by being part of something larger. People  leadership  culture and values are key focus areas for Ratos. Everything we do is based on Ratos's core values: Simplicity  Speed in Execution and It's All About People . https://news.cision.com/ratos-ab/r/notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ratos-ab--publ- c3509492 https://mb.cision.com/Main/17707/3509492/1537302.pdf (c) 2022 Cision. All rights reserved.  source Press Releases - English All news about RATOS AB (PUBL) 02:31a Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Ratos AB (publ) AQ 02/16 Ratos company SSEA Group wins new deal in Gothenburg AQ 02/15 Ratos company Aibel receives extension of Equinor frame agreement AQ 02/14 TRANSCRIPT : Ratos AB  2021 Earnings Call  Feb 14  2022 CI 02/14 RATOS AB : Strong quarterly and annual earnings as well as several acquisitions - transiti.. AQ 02/14 Ratos AB Proposes Dividend for the Full Year of 2021  Payable on March 29  2022 CI 02/11 RATOS : owned Speed Group reduces its carbon footprint by 40% PU 02/11 RATOS : HL Display – klimatberäkningar för halverade utsläpp till 2030 PU 02/08 Nomination committee's proposal concerning Ratos's Board of Directors ahead of 2022 Ann.. AQ 02/08 Ratos AB Announces Declines Re-Election of Eva Karlsson CI",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Ratos AB', 'Notice', 'multiple email addresses', 'other external persons', 'other authorization documents', 'actual voting results', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Ratos årsstämma', 'See Section B', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'extraordinary meeting procedures', 'following email address', 'advanced voting form', 'advance voting form', 'general meetings', 'Email Voting', 'following address', 'other nominees', 'other stakeholders', 'following procedures', 'Section C', 'Section D', 'following information', 'following methods', 'Computershare AB', 'postal voting', 'A. Overview', 'Mail-In Procedures', 'temporary act', 'press release', 'two weeks', 'respective submissions', 'organization number', 'telephone number', 'authorized representative', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'computershare.se', 'other instructions', 'Ratos AB', 'B. Process', 'voting rights', 'voting procedure', 'proxy holders', 'meeting agenda', 'physical copy', 'material items', 'registration certificate', 'Website Voting', 'First name', 'attorney templates', 'Regular Mail', 'registered shareholder', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Shareholders', 'publ', 'Tuesday', 'March', 'AGM', 'questions', 'order', 'Monday', 'attendance', 'exercise', 'accordance', 'notification', 'shares', 'names', 'banks', 'place', 'Wednesday', 'date', 'health', 'safety', 'Company', 'employees', 'Board', 'Directors', 'law', 'force', 'matters', 'proposals', 'details', 'webcast', 'connection', 'outcome', 'minutes', 'personal', 'data', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'power', 'Friday', 'February', 'signing', 'BankID', 'completion', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'options', 'point', 'vote', 'entirety', '1.']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,marketscreener.com
20,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.avanza.se/placera/pressmeddelanden/2022/02/18/loudspring-amendment-to-the-sek-subscription-priceof-loudsprings-rights-issue.html,Amendment to the SEK subscription price of Loudspring´s rights issue (Cision),Loudspring OyjCompany release  inside information18 February 2022  10:15(EET)Loudspring amends the SEK subscription price of its rights issue (released on February 17th 2022) according to instructions received from Euroclear Sweden.The subscription price per Offer Share in Sweden has been modified to include only two decimals according to instructions received from Euroclear Sweden.The new subscription price per offer share in Sweden is SEK 1 09 (previously SEK 1 096).The subscription price per Offer Share in Finland has not been modified.Loudspring has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States.,Loudspring OyjCompany release  inside information18 February 2022  10:15(EET)Loudspring amends the SEK subscription price of its rights issue (released on February 17th 2022) according to instructions received from Euroclear Sweden.The subscription price per Offer Share in Sweden has been modified to include only two decimals according to instructions received from Euroclear Sweden. The new subscription price per offer share in Sweden is SEK 1 09 (previously SEK 1 096). The subscription price per Offer Share in Finland has not been modified.The amended terms and conditions of the offering are attached to this release.LOUDSPRING OYJIMPORTANT NOTICEThis release or the information contained therein shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  in Australia  Canada  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  Singapore  South Africa or the United States. The information contained in this release do not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any area  where offering  procurement of or selling such securities would be unlawful prior to registration or exemption from registration or any other approval required by the securities regulation in such area. This release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and the rules and regulations issued by virtue of it. Loudspring has not registered  and does not intend to register  any offering of securities in the United States. No actions have been taken to register the shares or the offering anywhere else than in Finland.The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer of  or invitation to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This release is not a prospectus and does not constitute any offer  invitation or investment advice to subscribe for or purchase securities. Investors should not subscribe for or purchase any securities or make any investment decisions referred to herein except on the basis of information contained in the basic information document issued by Loudspring.,neutral,0.16,0.58,0.26,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['SEK subscription price', 'rights issue', 'Amendment', 'Loudspring', 'Cision', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Loudspring Oyj\n\nCompany release', 'new subscription price', 'basic information document', 'SEK subscription price', 'New Zealand', 'rights issue', 'two decimals', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'Hong Kong', 'South Africa', 'United States', 'other approval', 'investment advice', 'investment decisions', 'February 17th', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'securities regulation', 'Offer Share', 'instructions', 'Finland', 'amended', 'terms', 'conditions', 'offering', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Singapore', 'invitation', 'area', 'procurement', 'registration', 'exemption', 'sale', 'rules', 'regulations', 'virtue', 'actions', 'shares', 'jurisdiction', 'prospectus', 'Investors', 'basis']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,avanza.se
21,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/global-investors-sour-indian-bonds-013000709.html,Global Investors Sour on Indian Bonds as Index Inclusion Stalls,Less AttractiveThe index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions.Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman Thursday said India will tackle issues related to global bond index inclusion.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion.,(Bloomberg) -- Foreign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.Most Read from BloombergPineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform. That was seen as an important step in improving foreign investor access by index providers  including JPMorgan Chase & Co.  who are considering adding the securities to their benchmarks.Instead  investors were told the government and Reserve Bank of India are taking a “very calibrated approach” on the issue  with Governor Shaktikanta Das underlining the risk of outflows as well as inflows on index inclusion. Alongside record borrowings -- and a global surge in yields -- the lack of action has soured sentiment toward the nation’s bonds.“As a foreign participant in India’s local bond market  Euroclearability is important in order to ensure best execution for our clients and is a vital component for inclusion to the JPMorgan bond index ” said Anders Faergemann  senior portfolio manager at PineBridge Investments in London. “The outlook for Indian government bonds has turned bearish amid elevated price pressures and a heavy supply calendar.”Overseas investors withdrew about 14 billion rupees ($190 million) from government bonds through the so-called Fully Accessible Route  or bonds with no restrictions for foreigners since Jan. 31  a day before the budget disappointment. They had poured in about 10 billion rupees in the previous week.Story continuesIndia’s 10-year bond yield rose to 6.95% earlier this month  the highest in nearly three years  after the government shocked the markets with its record borrowings. Yields eased later after the RBI surprised with extremely dovish policy. The yield fell four points this week to close at 6.66% after the central bank announced few auction cancellations.The potential index inclusion was expected to bring in as much as $40 billion of inflows and help mop up a record debt supply of 15 trillion rupees.Less AttractiveThe index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions. That is one of the key requirements of index providers such as JPMorgan.That’s a step the nation isn’t willing to take  Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj said at a briefing earlier this month. Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman Thursday said India will tackle issues related to global bond index inclusion. Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier. “If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”Uncertain TimingThe impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes. JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion. UTI Asset Management Company Ltd. expects the situation may change quickly in the event of progress.“There are indications that it is not off the table ” said Amandeep Chopra  group president and head of fixed income at UTI AMC in Mumbai. “We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”(Updates with closing bond yields in the sixth paragraph)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2022 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.32,mixed,0.2,0.15,0.65,True,English,"['Global Investors Sour', 'Index Inclusion Stalls', 'Indian Bonds', 'UTI Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj', 'Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman', 'PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd.', 'Bloomberg Index Services Limited', 'global bond index inclusion', 'Governor Shaktikanta Das', 'elevated price pressures', 'heavy supply calendar', 'Fully Accessible Route', 'relative value perspective', 'Foreign money managers', 'foreign investor access', 'local bond market', 'senior portfolio manager', 'capital gains tax', '10-year bond yield', '2022 Bloomberg L.P.', 'overall macro situation', 'global bond indexes', 'closing bond yields', 'record debt supply', 'potential index inclusion', 'JPMorgan bond index', 'Indian government bonds', 'parent company', 'UTI AMC', 'global surge', 'global indexes', 'foreign participant', 'index providers', 'Indian debt', 'tax changes', 'fund manager', 'sovereign debt', 'record borrowings', 'Bloomberg LP', 'Bloomberg Businessweek', 'Indian bonds', 'policy makers', 'Lombard Odier', 'Euroclear platform', 'Reserve Bank', 'best execution', 'vital component', 'Anders Faergemann', '14 billion rupees', '10 billion rupees', 'previous week', 'three years', 'dovish policy', 'central bank', 'auction cancellations', '15 trillion rupees', 'Less Attractive', 'Euroclear transactions', 'key requirements', 'local markets', 'Nivedita Sunil', 'Uncertain Timing', 'considerable uncertainty', 'FTSE Russell', 'other providers', 'Amandeep Chopra', 'group president', 'fixed income', 'near term', 'sixth paragraph', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'important step', 'Overseas investors', 'budget disappointment', 'bond-market reforms', 'opportunities', 'month', 'Co.', 'securities', 'benchmarks', 'approach', 'issue', 'risk', 'outflows', 'inflows', 'lack', 'sentiment', 'nation', 'Euroclearability', 'order', 'clients', 'London', 'outlook', 'restrictions', 'foreigners', 'Jan.', 'Story', 'RBI', 'roadblock', 'authorities', 'briefing', 'concern', 'volatility', 'impetus', 'impasse', 'request', 'comment', 'BISL', 'delay', 'event', 'progress', 'indications', 'table', 'head', 'Mumbai', 'relook', 'positions', 'Updates']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,yahoo.com
22,Euroclear,Bing API,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/markets/bonds/global-investors-sour-on-indian-bonds-as-index-inclusion-stalls/articleshow/89654984.cms,Global investors sour on Indian bonds as index inclusion stalls,BloombergForeign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform.Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier.“If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”The impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes.JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion.“We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”,BloombergForeign money managers are turning bearish on Indian debt after policy makers skipped opportunities to implement reforms needed to enter global bond indexes.PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. and Lombard Odier now expect Indian bonds to decline after this month’s budget didn’t address tax changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on the Euroclear platform. That was seen as an important step in improving foreign investor access by index providers  including JPMorgan Chase & Co.  who are considering adding the securities to their benchmarks.Instead  investors were told the government and Reserve Bank of India are taking a “very calibrated approach” on the issue  with Governor Shaktikanta Das underlining the risk of outflows as well as inflows on index inclusion. Alongside record borrowings -- and a global surge in yields -- the lack of action has soured sentiment toward the nation’s bonds.“As a foreign participant in India’s local bond market   Euroclearability is important in order to ensure best execution for our clients and is a vital component for inclusion to the JPMorgan bond index  ” said Anders Faergemann  senior portfolio manager at PineBridge Investments in London. “The outlook for Indian government bonds has turned bearish amid elevated price pressures and a heavy supply calendar.”Overseas investors withdrew about 14 billion rupees ($190 million) from government bonds through the so-called Fully Accessible Route  or bonds with no restrictions for foreigners since Jan. 31  a day before the budget disappointment. They had poured in about 10 billion rupees in the previous week.India’s 10-year bond yield rose to 6.95% earlier this month  the highest in nearly three years  after the government shocked the markets with its record borrowings. Yields eased later after the RBI surprised with extremely dovish policy and auction cancellations.The potential index inclusion was expected to bring in as much as $40 billion of inflows and help mop up a record debt supply of 15 trillion rupees.The index inclusion seems to have hit a roadblock for now with the authorities refraining from abolishing the capital gains tax on Euroclear transactions. That is one of the key requirements of index providers such as JPMorgan.That’s a step the nation isn’t willing to take  Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj said at a briefing earlier this month. Authorities have been slow on bond-market reforms amid concern of volatility in local markets.“The impetus to add now to Indian bonds is lower ” said Nivedita Sunil  fund manager at Lombard Odier. “If you are thinking about the overall macro situation from a relative value perspective it becomes less attractive.”The impasse has generated considerable uncertainty around when Indian bonds might be added to global indexes. JPMorgan didn’t reply to a request for comment  while FTSE Russell declined.Bloomberg LP is the parent company of Bloomberg Index Services Limited (BISL)  which administers indexes that compete with those from other providers.Still  not all are pessimistic about the delay in index inclusion. UTI Asset Management Company Ltd. expects the situation may change quickly in the event of progress.“There are indications that it is not off the table ” said Amandeep Chopra  group president and head of fixed income at UTI AMC in Mumbai. “We have not factored in an inclusion in the near term and any progress on this will be positive  and may warrant a relook at our positions.”,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.32,mixed,0.24,0.09,0.67,True,English,"['index inclusion stalls', 'Global investors', 'Indian bonds', 'UTI Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Revenue Secretary Tarun Bajaj', 'PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd.', 'Bloomberg Index Services Limited', 'Governor Shaktikanta Das', 'elevated price pressures', 'heavy supply calendar', 'Fully Accessible Route', '10-year bond yield', 'relative value perspective', 'Foreign money managers', 'foreign investor access', 'local bond market', 'senior portfolio manager', 'capital gains tax', 'overall macro situation', 'record debt supply', 'global bond indexes', 'JPMorgan bond index', 'potential index inclusion', 'Indian government bonds', 'parent company', 'UTI AMC', 'foreign participant', 'Indian debt', 'tax changes', 'fund manager', 'index providers', 'sovereign debt', 'record borrowings', 'global surge', 'global indexes', 'Bloomberg LP', 'Indian bonds', 'policy makers', 'Lombard Odier', 'Euroclear platform', 'Reserve Bank', 'best execution', 'vital component', 'Anders Faergemann', '14 billion rupees', '10 billion rupees', 'previous week', 'three years', 'dovish policy', 'auction cancellations', '15 trillion rupees', 'Euroclear transactions', 'key requirements', 'local markets', 'Nivedita Sunil', 'considerable uncertainty', 'FTSE Russell', 'other providers', 'Amandeep Chopra', 'group president', 'fixed income', 'near term', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'important step', 'Overseas investors', 'budget disappointment', 'bond-market reforms', 'opportunities', 'month', 'Co.', 'securities', 'benchmarks', 'approach', 'issue', 'risk', 'outflows', 'inflows', 'yields', 'lack', 'sentiment', 'nation', 'Euroclearability', 'order', 'clients', 'London', 'outlook', 'restrictions', 'foreigners', 'Jan.', 'RBI', 'roadblock', 'authorities', 'briefing', 'concern', 'volatility', 'impetus', 'impasse', 'request', 'comment', 'BISL', 'delay', 'event', 'progress', 'indications', 'table', 'head', 'Mumbai', 'relook', 'positions']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,economictimes.indiatimes.com
23,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Asset managers expect Indian bonds to fall after changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on Euroclear weren'… https://t.co/TaRYDoMOQu,nan,Asset managers expect Indian bonds to fall after changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on Euroclear weren'… https://t.co/TaRYDoMOQu,negative,0.07,0.4,0.53,negative,0.07,0.4,0.53,True,English,"['Asset managers', 'Indian bonds', 'sovereign debt', 'changes', 'Euroclear', 'TaRYDoMOQu', 'Asset managers', 'Indian bonds', 'sovereign debt', 'changes', 'Euroclear', 'TaRYDoMOQu']",2022-02-18,2022-02-23,Unknown
24,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,In this video  Peter Sneyers  CEO of Euroclear Bank  shares with you what our central bank money settlement offerin… https://t.co/gmZY0e4zsS,nan,In this video  Peter Sneyers  CEO of Euroclear Bank  shares with you what our central bank money settlement offerin… https://t.co/gmZY0e4zsS,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['central bank money settlement', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Peter Sneyers', 'video', 'CEO', 'gmZY0e4zsS', 'central bank money settlement', 'Euroclear Bank', 'Peter Sneyers', 'video', 'CEO', 'gmZY0e4zsS']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,Unknown
25,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Asset managers expect Indian bonds to fall after changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on Euroclear weren'… https://t.co/sSLyLIfsKZ,nan,Asset managers expect Indian bonds to fall after changes needed for sovereign debt to be listed on Euroclear weren'… https://t.co/sSLyLIfsKZ,negative,0.07,0.4,0.53,negative,0.07,0.4,0.53,True,English,"['Asset managers', 'Indian bonds', 'sovereign debt', 'changes', 'Euroclear', 'sSLyLIfsKZ', 'Asset managers', 'Indian bonds', 'sovereign debt', 'changes', 'Euroclear', 'sSLyLIfsKZ']",2022-02-18,2022-02-18,Unknown
26,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,By connecting to #T2S  Euroclear Bank will offer you true flexibility in the choice of Euro settlement in commercia… https://t.co/9ZzTAQdJEn,nan,By connecting to #T2S  Euroclear Bank will offer you true flexibility in the choice of Euro settlement in commercia… https://t.co/9ZzTAQdJEn,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,neutral,0.22,0.77,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Bank', 'true flexibility', 'Euro settlement', 'choice', 'commercia', '9ZzTAQdJEn', 'Euroclear Bank', 'true flexibility', 'Euro settlement', 'choice', 'commercia', '9ZzTAQdJEn']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,Unknown
27,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,When iPhones become card readers  how will terminal makers respond? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Jj047Vnzf2 #regtech,nan,When iPhones become card readers  how will terminal makers respond? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Jj047Vnzf2 #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['card readers', 'terminal makers', 'iPhones', 'Fintech', 'co', 'Jj047Vnzf2', 'regtech', 'card readers', 'terminal makers', 'iPhones', 'Fintech', 'co', 'Jj047Vnzf2', 'regtech']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,Unknown
28,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,My favourite place #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/o39PMGW1gr #regtech,nan,My favourite place #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/o39PMGW1gr #regtech,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'favourite place', 'Fintech', 'o39PMGW1gr', 'regtech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'favourite place', 'Fintech', 'o39PMGW1gr', 'regtech']",2022-02-17,2022-02-18,Unknown
29,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Does your company know how much it spends on data? Learn how @EuroclearGroup is reducing duplicate data spending an… https://t.co/2hQbP1x8Os,nan,Does your company know how much it spends on data? Learn how @EuroclearGroup is reducing duplicate data spending an… https://t.co/2hQbP1x8Os,neutral,0.04,0.8,0.16,neutral,0.04,0.8,0.16,True,English,"['duplicate data spending', 'company', 'hQbP1x8Os', 'duplicate data spending', 'company', 'hQbP1x8Os']",2022-02-16,2022-02-18,Unknown
30,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Neobanks: are they up to the fight? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aEjGupb6Zr #regtech,nan,Neobanks: are they up to the fight? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/aEjGupb6Zr #regtech,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Neobanks', 'fight', 'Fintech', 'aEjGupb6Zr', 'regtech', 'Neobanks', 'fight', 'Fintech', 'aEjGupb6Zr', 'regtech']",2022-02-16,2022-02-18,Unknown
31,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Whatever went on in Belgium withEuroclear UST deposit  total redistribution was up in Japan  down in @EmilKalinowski… https://t.co/Wfha1IRTIo,nan,Whatever went on in Belgium withEuroclear UST deposit  total redistribution was up in Japan  down in @EmilKalinowski… https://t.co/Wfha1IRTIo,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Euroclear UST deposit', 'total redistribution', 'Belgium', 'Japan', 'Wfha1IRTIo', 'Euroclear UST deposit', 'total redistribution', 'Belgium', 'Japan', 'Wfha1IRTIo']",2022-02-16,2022-02-18,Unknown
32,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New #job #career opportunity in #London - Euroclear - Senior #ProductManager #ESG/#ETF https://t.co/bnHi34Kfs7… https://t.co/ByO0julKdz,nan,New #job #career opportunity in #London - Euroclear - Senior #ProductManager #ESG/#ETF https://t.co/bnHi34Kfs7… https://t.co/ByO0julKdz,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['career opportunity', 'Senior #ProductManager', 'London', 'Euroclear', 'ESG', 'ETF', 'bnHi34Kfs7', 'ByO0julKdz', 'career opportunity', 'Senior #ProductManager', 'London', 'Euroclear', 'ESG', 'ETF', 'bnHi34Kfs7', 'ByO0julKdz']",2022-02-15,2022-02-18,Unknown
33,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,MoneyGram to be bought by Madison Dearborn for about $1 billion #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1M15cQmcCl #regtech,nan,MoneyGram to be bought by Madison Dearborn for about $1 billion #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1M15cQmcCl #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,True,English,"['Madison Dearborn', 'MoneyGram', 'Fintech', 'M15cQmcCl', 'regtech', 'Madison Dearborn', 'MoneyGram', 'Fintech', 'M15cQmcCl', 'regtech']",2022-02-15,2022-02-18,Unknown
34,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Block Russian access to Clearstream and Euroclear (the firms that handle all international  interbank transactions),nan,Block Russian access to Clearstream and Euroclear (the firms that handle all international  interbank transactions),neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['international  interbank transactions', 'Russian access', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'firms', 'international  interbank transactions', 'Russian access', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'firms']",2022-02-22,2022-02-24,Unknown
35,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The new MFEX by Euroclear website is now live!It is built to offer a more modern aesthetic  better performance and… https://t.co/stSCdmAfc0,nan,The new MFEX by Euroclear website is now live!It is built to offer a more modern aesthetic  better performance and… https://t.co/stSCdmAfc0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['new MFEX', 'Euroclear website', 'modern aesthetic', 'performance', 'stSCdmAfc0', 'new MFEX', 'Euroclear website', 'modern aesthetic', 'performance', 'stSCdmAfc0']",2022-02-22,2022-02-24,Unknown
64,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artmarket-com-four-types-of-works-associated-with-nfts-840101235.html,Artmarket.com: Four Types of Works Associated with NFTs,Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF. Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/video Artmarket and its Artprice department was founded in ...,Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF. Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/video Artmarket and its Artprice department was founded in ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Four Types', 'Artmarket', 'com', 'Works', 'NFTs', 'Euronext Paris', 'Artprice department', 'Artmarket.com', 'Eurolist', 'SRD', 'Bloomberg', 'PRC', 'Reuters', 'ARTF.', 'video']",2022-02-22,2022-02-23,prnewswire.co.uk
65,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Federal regulators scrutinize BofA for its response to California benefits fraud #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/wB57ZcNAQV,nan,Federal regulators scrutinize BofA for its response to California benefits fraud #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/wB57ZcNAQV,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['California benefits fraud', 'Federal regulators', 'BofA', 'response', 'Fintech', 'wB57ZcNAQV', 'California benefits fraud', 'Federal regulators', 'BofA', 'response', 'Fintech', 'wB57ZcNAQV']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
66,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,We are looking for Client Services Operations Analyst for our @EuroclearGroup team in London! Join us… https://t.co/xMySXRNEFH,nan,We are looking for Client Services Operations Analyst for our @EuroclearGroup team in London! Join us… https://t.co/xMySXRNEFH,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,neutral,0.19,0.79,0.02,True,English,"['Client Services Operations Analyst', 'London', 'xMySXRNEFH', 'Client Services Operations Analyst', 'London', 'xMySXRNEFH']",2022-02-22,2022-02-24,Unknown
67,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@LukeGromen Russia moved most UST they own from Fed custody to Euroclear.  They didn’t sell UST  the they hold them… https://t.co/BqGpm1rQGV,nan,@LukeGromen Russia moved most UST they own from Fed custody to Euroclear.  They didn’t sell UST  the they hold them… https://t.co/BqGpm1rQGV,negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,negative,0.03,0.47,0.5,True,English,"['Fed custody', 'Euroclear', 'BqGpm1rQGV', 'Fed custody', 'Euroclear', 'BqGpm1rQGV']",2022-02-21,2022-02-24,Unknown
68,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New #job #career opportunity in #London - Euroclear - Senior #ProductManager #ESG/#ETF https://t.co/bnHi34Kfs7… https://t.co/LBeRZThDOC,nan,New #job #career opportunity in #London - Euroclear - Senior #ProductManager #ESG/#ETF https://t.co/bnHi34Kfs7… https://t.co/LBeRZThDOC,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['job #career opportunity', 'Senior #ProductManager', 'London', 'Euroclear', 'ESG', 'ETF', 'bnHi34Kfs7', 'LBeRZThDOC', 'job #career opportunity', 'Senior #ProductManager', 'London', 'Euroclear', 'ESG', 'ETF', 'bnHi34Kfs7', 'LBeRZThDOC']",2022-02-21,2022-02-24,Unknown
69,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Why choose Euroclear Bank as your optimal #FMI point of entry into the pan-European and global capital markets? How… https://t.co/OEwTTdK6GJ,nan,Why choose Euroclear Bank as your optimal #FMI point of entry into the pan-European and global capital markets? How… https://t.co/OEwTTdK6GJ,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,neutral,0.07,0.88,0.05,True,English,"['optimal #FMI point', 'global capital markets', 'Euroclear Bank', 'entry', 'pan-European', 'OEwTTdK6GJ', 'optimal #FMI point', 'global capital markets', 'Euroclear Bank', 'entry', 'pan-European', 'OEwTTdK6GJ']",2022-02-21,2022-02-24,Unknown
70,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Is buy nowithpay later losing its luster? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CxQGYInFwN #regtech,nan,Is buy nowithpay later losing its luster? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/CxQGYInFwN #regtech,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['luster', 'Fintech', 'CxQGYInFwN', 'regtech', 'luster', 'Fintech', 'CxQGYInFwN', 'regtech']",2022-02-21,2022-02-23,Unknown
71,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Five open banking trends that are paving the way for a new financial experience #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cT4u5bZabS,nan,Five open banking trends that are paving the way for a new financial experience #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/cT4u5bZabS,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Five open banking trends', 'new financial experience', 'way', 'Fintech', 'cT4u5bZabS', 'Five open banking trends', 'new financial experience', 'way', 'Fintech', 'cT4u5bZabS']",2022-02-21,2022-02-23,Unknown
72,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,US mobile banking app Spruce launches powered by SoFi Technologies’ Galileo #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/hdHDNy10OX #regtech,nan,US mobile banking app Spruce launches powered by SoFi Technologies’ Galileo #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/hdHDNy10OX #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['SoFi Technologies’ Galileo #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'US mobile banking app Spruce', 'Fintech', 'hdHDNy10OX', 'regtech', 'SoFi Technologies’ Galileo #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'US mobile banking app Spruce', 'Fintech', 'hdHDNy10OX', 'regtech']",2022-02-18,2022-02-23,Unknown
73,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Block Russian access to Clearstream and Euroclear (the firms that handle all international  interbank transactions),nan,Block Russian access to Clearstream and Euroclear (the firms that handle all international  interbank transactions),neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['international  interbank transactions', 'Russian access', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'firms', 'international  interbank transactions', 'Russian access', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'firms']",2022-02-22,2022-02-25,Unknown
74,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We are so thankful for Rock Sponsor  @clearstream_io Thank you for the continued support of the Rock Community. … https://t.co/0ILTjqxzBM,nan,We are so thankful for Rock Sponsor  @clearstream_io Thank you for the continued support of the Rock Community. … https://t.co/0ILTjqxzBM,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Rock Sponsor', 'continued support', 'Rock Community', '0ILTjqxzBM', 'Rock Sponsor', 'continued support', 'Rock Community', '0ILTjqxzBM']",2022-02-18,2022-02-25,Unknown
75,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Clearstream @ClarityAIEng @issesg Are you interested in an episode of a podcast related to ESG?,nan,@Clearstream @ClarityAIEng @issesg Are you interested in an episode of a podcast related to ESG?,neutral,0.11,0.8,0.09,neutral,0.11,0.8,0.09,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'ClarityAIEng', 'issesg', 'episode', 'podcast', 'Clearstream', 'ClarityAIEng', 'issesg', 'episode', 'podcast']",2022-02-18,2022-02-25,Unknown
76,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Thanks to Jamie St. Martin  Hilltop Alumni/Journeyman Electrician with Flint(a division of ClearStream) &amp; Charity V… https://t.co/bnQYMaKq4x,nan,Thanks to Jamie St. Martin  Hilltop Alumni/Journeyman Electrician with Flint(a division of ClearStream) &amp; Charity V… https://t.co/bnQYMaKq4x,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Jamie St. Martin', 'Hilltop Alumni/Journeyman Electrician', 'Charity V', 'Flint', 'division', 'ClearStream', 'bnQYMaKq4x', 'Jamie St. Martin', 'Hilltop Alumni/Journeyman Electrician', 'Charity V', 'Flint', 'division', 'ClearStream', 'bnQYMaKq4x']",2022-02-17,2022-02-25,Unknown
77,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@alainhoupert Bettencourt  Takieddine  Clearstream  Kadhafi et ... https://t.co/YKd3qUSlcb,nan,@alainhoupert Bettencourt  Takieddine  Clearstream  Kadhafi et ... https://t.co/YKd3qUSlcb,neutral,0.43,0.53,0.04,neutral,0.43,0.53,0.04,True,English,"['alainhoupert Bettencourt', 'Takieddine', 'Clearstream', 'Kadhafi', 'YKd3qUSlcb', 'alainhoupert Bettencourt', 'Takieddine', 'Clearstream', 'Kadhafi', 'YKd3qUSlcb']",2022-02-15,2022-02-24,Unknown
78,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@SandraGaetke @HonjokkerInvest @junginrente @TradeRepublicDE @Clearstream Im Depot..,nan,@SandraGaetke @HonjokkerInvest @junginrente @TradeRepublicDE @Clearstream Im Depot..,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['SandraGaetke', 'HonjokkerInvest', 'junginrente', 'TradeRepublicDE', 'Clearstream', 'Depot', 'SandraGaetke', 'HonjokkerInvest', 'junginrente', 'TradeRepublicDE', 'Clearstream', 'Depot']",2022-02-15,2022-02-24,Unknown
79,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Eurex adds four products to MSCI index-based futures and options - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange … https://t.co/w1phuF1aTU,nan,Eurex adds four products to MSCI index-based futures and options - Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange … https://t.co/w1phuF1aTU,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['MSCI index-based futures', 'Deutsche Börse', 'four products', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'Eurex', 'options', 'w1phuF1aTU', 'MSCI index-based futures', 'Deutsche Börse', 'four products', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'Eurex', 'options', 'w1phuF1aTU']",2022-02-22,2022-03-01,Unknown
80,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 180 from EUR 175 at UBS$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 180 from EUR 175 at UBS$DBOEY,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price target', 'UBS', 'DBOEY', 'Deutsche Boerse price target', 'UBS', 'DBOEY']",2022-02-22,2022-03-01,Unknown
81,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The third member of Fagura`s #AdvisoryBoard - Alexandru Lupan  #RiskManagement Expert at Deutsche Börse (CZ). He wi… https://t.co/hAAomPTbvk,nan,The third member of Fagura`s #AdvisoryBoard - Alexandru Lupan  #RiskManagement Expert at Deutsche Börse (CZ). He wi… https://t.co/hAAomPTbvk,neutral,0.1,0.84,0.06,neutral,0.1,0.84,0.06,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'third member', 'Alexandru Lupan', 'Fagura', 'CZ', 'hAAomPTbvk', 'Deutsche Börse', 'third member', 'Alexandru Lupan', 'Fagura', 'CZ', 'hAAomPTbvk']",2022-02-22,2022-02-28,Unknown
82,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@JocFrey we have an exciting press release outlining our partnership with Flint  a division of Clearstream Energy -… https://t.co/zA66fnhIav,nan,@JocFrey we have an exciting press release outlining our partnership with Flint  a division of Clearstream Energy -… https://t.co/zA66fnhIav,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['exciting press release', 'Clearstream Energy', 'JocFrey', 'partnership', 'Flint', 'division', 'zA66fnhIav', 'exciting press release', 'Clearstream Energy', 'JocFrey', 'partnership', 'Flint', 'division', 'zA66fnhIav']",2022-02-23,2022-02-25,Unknown
83,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex has expanded ESG products with the launch of further futures a… https://t.co/oUEHZIIXyo,nan,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex has expanded ESG products with the launch of further futures a… https://t.co/oUEHZIIXyo,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'ESG products', 'Eurex', 'launch', 'futures', 'oUEHZIIXyo', 'Deutsche Börse', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'ESG products', 'Eurex', 'launch', 'futures', 'oUEHZIIXyo']",2022-02-23,2022-03-01,Unknown
84,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aedifica-nv-sa-annual-press-063000980.html,Aedifica NV/SA: Annual press release – 2021 annual results,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam...,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding the 2021 annual results.<li>E… [+1630 chars],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Annual press release', '2021 annual results', 'Aedifica NV/SA', 'public regulated real estate company', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '2021 annual results', 'Aedifica', '1630 chars']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
85,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-announces-vyzulta-now-commercialized-063000837.html,Nicox Announces VYZULTA Now Commercialized in 7 Territories and Approved in Further 9 Countries,The recent decision by the United States Patent and Trademark Office concerning the eligibility of latanoprostene bunod patents for patent term extension could ensure recurrent revenue from VYZULTA up to 2030 in the United States.As of December 31  2021  VYZULTA was commercialized in 7 territories: United States (2017)  Canada (2019)  Argentina (2020)  Mexico (2020)  Hong Kong (2020)  Taiwan (2021) and Ukraine (2021).VYZULTA is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension in the United States.Bausch + Lomb will continue seeking approvals in territories where the clinical data package  part of the U.S. New Drug Application  can be used for approval by the regulatory authorities.Latanoprostene bunod  the active pharmaceutical ingredient in VYZULTA  was invented and patented by Nicox and was licensed to Bausch + Lomb in 2010.,February 23  2022 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today provides an update on the approvals and launches of VYZULTA (latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution)  0.024%  exclusively licensed worldwide by Nicox to Bausch + Lomb  a leading global eye health business of Bausch Health Companies Inc.“VYZULTA is the first product based on our nitric oxide-donating research platform which has been commercialized  and we are pleased to see the continued rollout of approvals and launches  maximizing the data that were generated for the U.S. NDA. The recent decision by the United States Patent and Trademark Office concerning the eligibility of latanoprostene bunod patents for patent term extension could ensure recurrent revenue from VYZULTA up to 2030 in the United States. In other countries  the revenue stream may go beyond that date.” said Gavin Spencer  Chief Business Officer of Nicox.As of December 31  2021  VYZULTA was commercialized in 7 territories: United States (2017)  Canada (2019)  Argentina (2020)  Mexico (2020)  Hong Kong (2020)  Taiwan (2021) and Ukraine (2021). VYZULTA is also approved in 9 other countries  namely Brazil  Colombia  Jordan  Qatar  Singapore  South Korea  Thailand  Turkey and United Arab Emirates. VYZULTA is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension in the United States. Bausch + Lomb will continue seeking approvals in territories where the clinical data package  part of the U.S. New Drug Application  can be used for approval by the regulatory authorities.Latanoprostene bunod  the active pharmaceutical ingredient in VYZULTA  was invented and patented by Nicox and was licensed to Bausch + Lomb in 2010. Under the terms of the exclusive global license agreement with Bausch + Lomb  Nicox receives increasing tiered royalties of 6% to 12% on net global sales of VYZULTA and is entitled to receive a $20 million milestone payment1 upon VYZULTA net sales reaching $100 million.Nicox maintains the patents for latanoprostene bunod  and the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office recently determined that three U.S. composition of matter patents covering latanoprostene bunod are eligible for patent term extension  potentially through to 2030.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Nicox', 'VYZULTA', '7 Territories', 'Further', '9 Countries', 'leading global eye health business', 'nitric oxide-donating research platform', 'exclusive global license agreement', 'Bausch Health Companies Inc', 'three U.S. composition', 'latanoprostene bunod ophthalmic solution', 'Chief Business Officer', 'net global sales', 'international ophthalmology company', 'U.S. NDA', 'patent term extension', 'New Drug Application', 'active pharmaceutical ingredient', 'increasing tiered royalties', '$20 million milestone payment1', 'U. S. Patent', 'United Arab Emirates', 'clinical data package', 'United States Patent', 'VYZULTA net sales', 'latanoprostene bunod patents', 'Bausch + Lomb', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'Euronext Paris', 'first product', 'continued rollout', 'recent decision', 'Trademark Office', 'recurrent revenue', 'other countries', 'revenue stream', 'Gavin Spencer', 'Hong Kong', 'South Korea', 'intraocular pressure', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'ocular hypertension', 'regulatory authorities', 'matter patents', 'Nicox SA', 'Nicox.', 'February', 'release', 'CET', 'France', 'update', 'approvals', 'launches', 'eligibility', 'December', '7 territories', 'Canada', 'Argentina', 'Mexico', 'Taiwan', 'Ukraine', 'Brazil', 'Colombia', 'Jordan', 'Qatar', 'Singapore', 'Thailand', 'Turkey', 'reduction', 'patients', 'part', 'terms', '7:30']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
86,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://allafrica.com/stories/202202230069.html,Ethiopia: Akobo Minerals  Oromia Bank Sign Memorandum of Understanding,"[Addis Standard] Addis Abeba -- Akobo Minerals (Euronext Oslo - ""AKOBO"")  the Scandinavian-based Ethiopian gold exploration and mining company  on 21 February announced that it has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the Ethiopian commercial bank …","[Addis Standard] Addis Abeba -- Akobo Minerals (Euronext Oslo - ""AKOBO"")  the Scandinavian-based Ethiopian gold exploration and mining company  on 21 February announced that it has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the Ethiopian commercial bank …",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Oromia Bank Sign Memorandum', 'Akobo Minerals', 'Ethiopia', 'Understanding', 'Scandinavian-based Ethiopian gold exploration', 'Ethiopian commercial bank', 'Addis Standard', 'Addis Abeba', 'Euronext Oslo', 'mining company', 'Akobo Minerals', '21 February', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'MOU']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,allafrica.com
87,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.hedgeweek.com/2022/02/23/312332/iress-expands-footprint-new-euronext-colocation-site-bergamo-italy,Iress expands footprint to new Euronext colocation site in ...,1 day ago,1 day ago,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['new Euronext colocation site', 'Iress', 'footprint']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,hedgeweek.com
88,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.news.yahoo.com/filing-2021-u-form-20-191600135.html,Filing of the 2021 U.S. Form 20-F and French “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing the Annual Financial Report,Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY Nicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.com Victor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.com,Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY Nicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.com Victor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['2021 U.S. Form 20', 'Annual Financial Report', 'French “Document', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Filing', 'SNY Nicolas Obrist', 'Victor Rouault', 'Sanofi', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,nz.news.yahoo.com
89,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/haffner-energy-stabilisation-transactions-202200673.html,Haffner Energy: Stabilisation Transactions,acting as Stabilisation Agent in the context of the first admission to trading of ordinary shares of Haffner Energy on Euronext Growth Paris  has carried out stabilisation activities (as defined ...,acting as Stabilisation Agent in the context of the first admission to trading of ordinary shares of Haffner Energy on Euronext Growth Paris  has carried out stabilisation activities (as defined ...,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,positive,0.76,0.21,0.03,True,English,"['Haffner Energy', 'Stabilisation Transactions', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Stabilisation Agent', 'first admission', 'ordinary shares', 'Haffner Energy', 'stabilisation activities', 'context', 'trading']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
90,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-02/55322613-adocia-adocia-announces-2021-fourth-quarter-financial-results-004.htm,Adocia: ADOCIA Announces 2021 Fourth Quarter Financial Results,Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 ADOC) (Paris:ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specialized in the development of innovative formulations of proteins and peptides,Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 ADOC) (Paris:ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specialized in the development of innovative formulations of proteins and peptides,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['2021 Fourth Quarter Financial Results', 'Adocia', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'innovative formulations', 'Euronext Paris', 'Adocia', 'development', 'proteins', 'peptides']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finanznachrichten.de
91,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/adocia-announces-2021-fourth-quarter-170000297.html,Adocia announces 2021 fourth quarter financial results,Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specialized in the development of innovative formulations of proteins and peptides for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases announced today its fourth quarter financial results.,Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specialized in the development of innovative formulations of proteins and peptides for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases announced today its fourth quarter financial results.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['2021 fourth quarter financial results', 'Adocia', 'fourth quarter financial results', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'other metabolic diseases', 'Euronext Paris', 'innovative formulations', 'Adocia', 'development', 'proteins', 'peptides', 'treatment', 'diabetes']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
92,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/worldwide/group/press_release/lantronix-taoglas-and-thales-collaborate-deliver-5g-iot-solutions,Lantronix  Taoglas and Thales Collaborate to Deliver 5G IoT Solutions to Connect Data-Dependent Industries,Lantronix Inc.  a global provider of secure turnkey solutions for intelligent IT and Internet of Things (IoT); Taoglas®  a leading provider of advanced technology for a smarter world; and Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  a global leader in advanced ...,Lantronix Inc.  a global provider of secure turnkey solutions for intelligent IT and Internet of Things (IoT); Taoglas®  a leading provider of advanced technology for a smarter world; and Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  a global leader in advanced ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['5G IoT Solutions', 'Data-Dependent Industries', 'Lantronix', 'Taoglas', 'Thales', 'secure turnkey solutions', 'Lantronix Inc.', 'global provider', 'intelligent IT', 'leading provider', 'smarter world', 'Euronext Paris', 'global leader', 'advanced technology', 'advanced ...', 'Internet', 'Things', 'IoT', 'Taoglas®', 'Thales', 'HO']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,thalesgroup.com
93,EuroNext,Bing API,https://multichannelmerchant.com/press-releases/purolator-installs-parcel-pending-by-quadient-smart-lockers-to-enhance-customer-experience-and-meet-increased-package-delivery-demands/,Purolator Installs Parcel Pending by Quadient Smart Lockers to Enhance Customer Experience and Meet Increased Package Delivery Demands,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announced today that Purolator  one of … Continue Reading →,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announced today that Purolator  one of … Continue Reading ?,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Increased Package Delivery Demands', 'Quadient Smart Lockers', 'Parcel Pending', 'Customer Experience', 'Purolator', 'meaningful customer connections', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'Quadient', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'Purolator']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,multichannelmerchant.com
94,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ibsintelligence.com/ibsi-news/iress-to-expand-to-a-new-euronext-colocation-site-in-bergamo-italy/,Iress to expand to a new Euronext colocation site in Bergamo  Italy,Iress announced that it will expand its backbone infrastructure and QuantFEED platform to the new Euronext colocation site in,Iress announced that it will expand its backbone infrastructure and QuantFEED platform to the new Euronext colocation site in,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new Euronext colocation site', 'Iress', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'new Euronext colocation site', 'backbone infrastructure', 'QuantFEED platform', 'Iress']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,ibsintelligence.com
95,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brusselstimes.com/news/207749/belgian-chemicals-giant-solvay-posts-record-e2-35bn-earnings,Belgian chemicals giant Solvay posts record €2.35bn earnings,Belgian chemicals giant Solvay reported record earnings of €2.35 billion last year  with shares soaring by 2.5% on the Euronext exchange. The group  whose headquarters is in Brussels and which employs some 23 ,Belgian chemicals giant Solvay reported record earnings of €2.35 billion last year  with shares soaring by 2.5% on the Euronext exchange. The group  whose headquarters is in Brussels and which employs some 23 ,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Belgian chemicals giant', 'Solvay', 'earnings', 'Belgian chemicals giant', 'record earnings', 'Euronext exchange', 'Solvay', 'shares', 'group', 'headquarters', 'Brussels']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,brusselstimes.com
96,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@lesyaknous @PortierArthur @euronext_fr @agritelparis Mc Cutchen ?,nan,@lesyaknous @PortierArthur @euronext_fr @agritelparis Mc Cutchen ?,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['agritelparis Mc Cutchen', 'lesyaknous', 'PortierArthur', 'fr', 'agritelparis Mc Cutchen', 'lesyaknous', 'PortierArthur', 'fr']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
97,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.05  score +211  credit rating B,nan,Euronext (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.05  score +211  credit rating B,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['credit rating', 'Euronext', 'ENX', 'PA', 'credit rating', 'Euronext', 'ENX', 'PA']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
98,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext N.V (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.05  score +211  credit rating B,nan,Euronext N.V (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.05  score +211  credit rating B,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext N.V', 'credit rating', 'PA', 'Euronext N.V', 'credit rating', 'PA']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
99,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Client @iress  to expand to a new Euronext colocation site in Bergamo  Italyhttps://t.co/gh3Mg34SkF https://t.co/sNUZwcEdI0,nan,Client @iress  to expand to a new Euronext colocation site in Bergamo  Italyhttps://t.co/gh3Mg34SkF https://t.co/sNUZwcEdI0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['new Euronext colocation site', 'Client', 'iress', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'new Euronext colocation site', 'Client', 'iress', 'Bergamo', 'Italy']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
100,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,NY exchange market cap = ~$30TLondon exchange market cap = ~$5T. All of EU stock market cap = ~11T (Euronext  LSX… https://t.co/7igvefZwLq,nan,NY exchange market cap = ~$30TLondon exchange market cap = ~$5T. All of EU stock market cap = ~11T (Euronext  LSX… https://t.co/7igvefZwLq,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['NY exchange market cap', 'London exchange market cap', 'EU stock market cap', '11T', 'Euronext', 'LSX', 'igvefZwLq', 'NY exchange market cap', 'London exchange market cap', 'EU stock market cap', '11T', 'Euronext', 'LSX', 'igvefZwLq']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
101,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@PowerDubs @srg1234 @atari Josh  do you know what will be the consequences of the switching of listing or not (Euronext to Euronext growth)?,nan,@PowerDubs @srg1234 @atari Josh  do you know what will be the consequences of the switching of listing or not (Euronext to Euronext growth)?,negative,0.27,0.09,0.64,negative,0.27,0.09,0.64,True,English,"['atari Josh', 'Euronext growth', 'PowerDubs', 'srg1234', 'consequences', 'switching', 'listing', 'atari Josh', 'Euronext growth', 'PowerDubs', 'srg1234', 'consequences', 'switching', 'listing']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
102,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Release: Iress to expand its footprint to new Euronext colocation site in Bergamo  Italy https://t.co/KAEyhdWzNg,nan,Release: Iress to expand its footprint to new Euronext colocation site in Bergamo  Italy https://t.co/KAEyhdWzNg,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['new Euronext colocation site', 'Release', 'Iress', 'footprint', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'KAEyhdWzNg', 'new Euronext colocation site', 'Release', 'Iress', 'footprint', 'Bergamo', 'Italy', 'KAEyhdWzNg']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
103,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@FrankElderson extremely high inflation  euronext scamming everyone with insider information and the ECB idiots who… https://t.co/0s1dMrpTVw,nan,@FrankElderson extremely high inflation  euronext scamming everyone with insider information and the ECB idiots who… https://t.co/0s1dMrpTVw,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['high inflation', 'insider information', 'ECB idiots', 'euronext', 'everyone', '0s1dMrpTVw', 'high inflation', 'insider information', 'ECB idiots', 'euronext', 'everyone', '0s1dMrpTVw']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
104,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@FrankElderson @EU_Commission extremely high inflation  euronext scamming everyone with insider information and the… https://t.co/LxafswS4dr,nan,@FrankElderson @EU_Commission extremely high inflation  euronext scamming everyone with insider information and the… https://t.co/LxafswS4dr,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['high inflation', 'insider information', 'FrankElderson', 'EU_Commission', 'euronext', 'everyone', 'LxafswS4dr', 'high inflation', 'insider information', 'FrankElderson', 'EU_Commission', 'euronext', 'everyone', 'LxafswS4dr']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
105,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/1rf7wFeM7h TechnipFMC Announces Completion of Delisting of Shares on Euronext Paris,nan,https://t.co/1rf7wFeM7h TechnipFMC Announces Completion of Delisting of Shares on Euronext Paris,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['rf7wFeM7h TechnipFMC', 'Euronext Paris', 'Completion', 'Delisting', 'Shares', 'rf7wFeM7h TechnipFMC', 'Euronext Paris', 'Completion', 'Delisting', 'Shares']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
106,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Brussel: Whiskey for the Holy Ghost https://t.co/R7KyAaK1zG,nan,Euronext Brussel: Whiskey for the Holy Ghost https://t.co/R7KyAaK1zG,negative,0.01,0.02,0.97,negative,0.01,0.02,0.97,True,English,"['Euronext Brussel', 'Holy Ghost', 'Whiskey', 'R7KyAaK1zG', 'Euronext Brussel', 'Holy Ghost', 'Whiskey', 'R7KyAaK1zG']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
107,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext market cap: €8.5bn https://t.co/5EAAdodkd7,nan,Euronext market cap: €8.5bn https://t.co/5EAAdodkd7,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext market cap', 'EAAdodkd7', 'Euronext market cap', 'EAAdodkd7']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
108,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@ecb The ECB should check those brokers because euronext trades against private individuals with inside information.,nan,@ecb The ECB should check those brokers because euronext trades against private individuals with inside information.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['private individuals', 'inside information', 'The ECB', 'brokers', 'euronext', 'private individuals', 'inside information', 'The ECB', 'brokers', 'euronext']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
109,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-102200473.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting,GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7.The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting.,"GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the general meeting should be held without physical presence by inviting the shareholders to exercise their voting rights only by postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. There will be no meeting with a possibility to attend physically or by proxy; hence  the meeting will be held without physical presence.Information on the resolutions adopted by the general meeting will be published on 24 March 2022 as soon as the results of the postal vote has been finalized. For further information  see the heading ""Postal voting"" below.An address from the President and an address from the auditor will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  latest by 22 March 2022.Preconditions for participationFor the right to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders must be recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  16 March 2022 and must notify its intention to participate to the company at the latest on 23 March 2022 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal voting is received by the company through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must have the shares registered temporarily in their own name in order to take part in the Annual General Meeting. Any such re-registration for the purpose of establishing voting rights made by the trustee latest by 18 March 2022 are taken into account in the production of the share register. This means that the shareholder should give notice of his/her wish to be included in the shareholders' register to the trustee well in advance  in accordance with the trustee's procedures.Story continuesPostal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on www.skf.com. The postal voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. The form may be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 771-24 64 00.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting2. Election of a Chairman for the Annual General Meeting3. Election of persons to verify the minutes4. Drawing up and approval of the voting list5. Approval of agenda6. Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and audit report for the Group8. Matter of adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the Group9. Resolution regarding distribution of profits and record date10. Matter of discharge of the Board members and the Presidents from liability11. Determination of number of Board members and deputy members12. Determination of fee for the Board members13. Election of Board members and deputy Board membersThe Nomination Committee's proposal for Board members:13.1 Hans Stråberg13.2 Hock Goh13.3 Colleen Repplier13.4 Geert Follens13.5 Håkan Buskhe13.6 Susanna Schneeberger13.7 Rickard Gustafson14. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors15. The Board of Director's proposal for a resolution on revised principles of executive remuneration16. The Board of Directors' remuneration report17. The Board of Directors' proposal for a resolution on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022Proposal under item 3Martin Jonasson (Andra AP-fonden) and Emilie Westholm (Folksam)  or if one or both of them are prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board  are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the Meeting together with the Chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the Meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 4The voting list proposed for approval under point 4 on the agenda  is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the company  based on the Meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 9The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.00 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Monday  28 March 2022 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Thursday  31 March 2022.Proposals under items 2  11  12  13 and 14The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chairman of the Board of Directors  representatives of FAM  AFA Försäkring  Skandia and Swedbank Robur Fonder  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the votes of the total number of company shares. The Nomination Committee has informed the company about the following proposal:Item 2 - that Sven Unger  or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting;Item 11 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members and no deputy members;Item 12 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:a. An allotment of SEK 2 530 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 825 000 to each of the other Board members; andb. an allotment of SEK 285 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  with SEK 210 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  with SEK 165 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and with SEK 130 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee;Item 13 - re-election of the Board members Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Colleen Repplier  Geert Follens  Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger and Rickard Gustafson.A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website www.skf.com. Barb Samardzich has declined re-election at the Annual General Meeting 2022.Item 14 - that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Proposal under item 15The Board of Directors has decided to submit the following revised principles of remuneration for SKF's Group Management (executive remuneration) to the Annual General Meeting. The main contents of the proposal are stated below. The Board of Director's complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.The Board of Director's proposal for revised principles of remuneration are in all material respects similar to the previous version with a clarification of the criteria for variable salary. Furthermore  a criterion promoting the SKF Group's sustainability targets  which can be independent of the financial performance of the SKF Group  has been added.Group Management is defined as the President and the other members of the management team.The Board of Directors' proposal is that the remuneration of Group Management members shall be based on market competitive conditions and at the same time support the shareholders' best interests. The total remuneration package for a Group Management member shall consist of fixed salary  variable salary  pension benefits  conditions for notice of termination and severance pay  and other benefits such as a company car. The objective of the principles of remuneration is to ensure that the SKF Group can attract and retain the best people in order to promote the SKF Group's mission and business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability.The fixed salary shall be at a market competitive level. Competence  responsibility  experience and performance shall be taken into account when the fixed salary is established.The variable salary shall run according to a performance-based programme. The programme shall have predetermined and measurable criteria which can be both financial and non-financial and which contribute to the company's long-term and sustainable development. The criteria shall primarily be based on the annual financial performance of the SKF Group  such as financial result  growth and capital efficiency and shall promote sustainability targets of the SKF Group. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable salary shall be measured over a period of one year. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable salary has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended  and the maximum variable salary is capped at a certain percentage of the fixed accumulated annual salary varying between 50 and 70 %. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable salary to the President. For variable salary to other executives  the President is responsible for the evaluation. For financial targets  the evaluation shall be based on financial information made public by the SKF Group.SKF shall strive to establish pension plans based on defined contribution models.A Group Management member may terminate his/her employment by giving six months' notice. In the event of termination of employment at the request of the company  employment shall according to the agreement cease immediately. A severance payment related to the number of years' service shall  however  in this case be paid out  provided that it shall always be maximized to two years' fixed salary.The principles of remuneration for Group Management shall be presented by the Remuneration Committee to the Board of Directors that  at least every fourth year  shall submit a proposal for such principles to the Annual General Meeting for approval. The principles of remuneration shall be valid until new principles have been adopted by the Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to derogate from the principles of remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability.Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.Proposal under item 17The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes  in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2022 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The programme is proposed to cover not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines.Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted to not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the Group. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  and to the SKF Group's carbon neutral net zero 2030 objective. TVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.90 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the level of TVA increase. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  for the TVA development for the financial years 2022-2024 compared to the financial year 2021. After the expiry of the financial year 2024 a comparison is made between the average TVA for the financial years 2022-2024 and TVA for the financial year 2021. The TVA change is expressed as a percentage. In order for allocation of shares to take place the TVA increase must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded.10 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the reduction of CO 2 emissions. The SKF Group net zero 2030 objective is related to the SKF Group's ambition to become carbon neutral year 2030 (the net zero 2030 objective). The target is based on a CO 2 emission reduction trajectory for the operations defined by the net zero 2030 objective with 2021's emissions as a starting point. After the expiry of the financial year 2024  a comparison will be made of the level of CO 2 reduction achieved during the programme period and the net zero 2030 objective trajectory. If the trajectory reduction level is met or exceeded full allotment is awarded  i.e. 10 % of the total maximum allotment under the programme. If the reduction does not meet the trajectory level  no allotment is awarded in relation to this part of the programme.Provided that the TVA increase reaches the target level  and that the net zero 2030 objective target is met  the participants of the programme may be allotted the following maximum number of shares per person within the various key groups:CEO and President - 36 500 sharesOther members of Group Management - 13 000 sharesManagers of large business units and similar - 4 500 sharesOther senior managers - 3 000 sharesOther key persons - 1 250 sharesIf the TVA increase exceeds the threshold level for allotment of shares but the final allotment is below 5% of the target level  payment will be made in cash instead of shares  whereupon the amount of the cash payment shall correspond to the value of the shares calculated on the basis of the closing price for SKF's B share the day before settlement.Allotment of shares requires that the persons covered by the programme are employed in the SKF Group during the entire calculation period. If all the conditions included in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 are met  allotment of shares shall be made free of charge following the expiry of the three year calculation period  i.e. during 2025.Before the number of shares to be allotted is finally determined  the Board shall examine whether the allotment is reasonable considering SKF's financial results and position  the conditions on the stock market as well as other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board  reduce the number of shares to be awarded to the lower number of shares deemed appropriate by the Board.The Board is furthermore entitled to introduce an alternative incentive solution for employees in countries where participation in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 is not appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall  as far as practicable  be formulated employing the same conditions as SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The company has 455 351 068 shares in issue when this notice is issued. In order to comply with the obligations of SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022  a maximum number of 1 000 000 B shares are required  corresponding to approximately 0.2% of the total number of outstanding shares.Assuming maximum allocation under the Performance Share Programme 2022 and a share price of SEK 184  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 221. On the basis of a share price of SEK 280  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 336. In addition  the administrative costs are estimated at approximately MSEK 2.The Board does not propose for the time being to take any action to hedge SKF's obligations under the programme. Delivery of shares under the programme shall not take place until 2025.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 29 403 933 series A shares and 425 947 135 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 998 646.5. The company holds no own shares.The annual report  the audit report  statements of the Board of Directors and the auditor  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and complete proposals according to item 15 and 17 of the agenda together with the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement will be available at the company's headquarters at Sven Wingquists gata 2  415 50 Gothenburg  and at the company's website  www.skf.com  no later than from 3 March 2022 and will be sent to shareholders who request this and state their address. The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters. Further  the share register of the meeting will be available at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and the company's relationship to other group companies. A request for such information shall be made in writing no later than ten days before the meeting  i.e. latest by 14 March 2022  to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: chairman@skf.com. The information will be made available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and at the company's headquarters on 19 March 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.SKF's web-based financial report in English will be made public on 2 March 2022.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 771 24 64 00.Gothenburg in February 2022Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting. The personal data is processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. For complete information on the company's processing of your personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting and your rights  see SKF's website www.skf.com under the heading ""About AGM"" (which is located under the section ""Investors"" and ""Corporate Governance"").CONTACT:PRESS: Carl Bjernstam  Group Communicationtel: 46 31-337 2517; mobile: 46 722-201 893; e-mail: carl.bjernstam@skf.comINVESTOR RELATIONS: Patrik Stenberg  Head of Investor Relationstel: 46 31-337 2104; mobile: 46 705-472 104; patrik.stenberg@skf.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/skf/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting c3512637The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/637/3512637/1539597.pdf 20220223 Notice of Annual General Meeting https://news.cision.com/skf/i/dji-0735-fix c3015885 DJI 0735 fixCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-301488418.htmlSOURCE SKF",neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,negative,0.03,0.05,0.92,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Hans Stråberg', 'Håkan Buskhe', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Performance Share Programme', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy Board members', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'postal voting form', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'deputy members', 'general meetings', 'executive remuneration', 'audit report', 'postal votes', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'The Board', 'GÖTEBORG', 'physical presence', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'special form', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'record date', '2 Hock Goh', 'Colleen Repplier', 'Geert Follens', 'Susanna Schneeberger', 'Rickard Gustafson', 'revised principles', 'Martin Jonasson', 'Andra AP-fonden', 'Emilie Westholm', 'Computershare AB', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', 'AB SKF', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', ""Directors' proposal"", ""shareholders' register"", 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Covid', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'results', 'heading', 'address', 'President', 'auditor', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'Friday', 'intention', 'shares', 'name', 'trustee', 'order', 're-registration', 'purpose', 'production', 'wish', 'advance', 'procedures', 'Story', 'notification', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'approval', 'Consideration', 'Presentation', 'Group', 'Matter', 'adoption', 'distribution', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'number', 'fee', 'item', 'Folksam', '46', '8.', '5']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
110,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab-publ-301489422.html,Summons to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Castellum AB (publ),"The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to [email protected] (state ""Castellum AB – postal voting"" in the subject line).Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021.15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023.","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556475-5550  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  March 31  2022 at 5 pm in RunAn  Chalmers Kårhus  Chalmersplatsen 1  Gothenburg. The entrance opens at 4.30 pm.In order to minimize the risk of spreading the coronavirus  the Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with temporary legislation. As further precautionary measures  Castellum has decided that no beverages or food will be served and that certain restrictions will be made as to the attendance of non-shareholders. Castellum would like to encourage shareholders to consider whether to attend the meeting in person  but instead use the opportunity to vote by post or participate by proxy. Castellum is monitoring the development and will  if necessary  update the information.Notification etc.Attend the meeting venue in personA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022 (preferably before 4 pm ). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum AB (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone +46 8–401 43 76  or through the company's website www.castellum.com. The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorization document must be attached.Participation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022   by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to [email protected] (state ""Castellum AB – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  March 25  2022. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorization document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Wednesday  March 23  2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  March 25  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report  the Board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's office at Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the company's annual report on March 7  2022. The auditor's statement according to item 6 b)  the Board's proposal and motivated satement in accordance with item 8  as well as other proposals regarding item 10 and items 17-19 will be available at the company's office and on the company's website no later than March 10  2022. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Election Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  information regarding the proposed Board members  motivated statement concerning the Election Committee's proposal regarding the Board and report on the Election Committee's work can be found on the company's website.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the company and on the company's website. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Number of shares and votesAt the date of this summons  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the company  of which the company holds 5 712 000 own shares.Items1. Election of Chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guide­lines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution regarding the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution regarding the record days for distribution of dividend.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Election Committee's report on its proposals regarding resolutions at the Annual General Meeting and the Election Committee's motivated statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.(a) Per Berggren (Chairman)(b) Anna Kinberg Batra(c) Anna-Karin Celsing(d) Joacim Sjöberg(e) Rutger Arnhult(f) Henrik Käll (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.17. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management.18. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues.19. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to acquire and transfer the company's own shares.Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 8The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.60 per share  distributed to the shareholders in four equal payments of SEK 1.90 per share. As record days for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday  April 4  2022  Thursday  June 30  2022  Friday  September 30  2022 and Friday  December 30  2022. The dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on the third banking day after each record date.Item 10The Board of Directors proposes two new subparagraphs in § 9 of the Articles of Association with the following wording.The Board of Directors may decide before a general meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the general meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors may resolve that a person who is not a shareholder of the company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to be present or otherwise follow the proceedings at the general meeting.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association should be amended with the following wording.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares repre­sented at the Annual General Meeting.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021. The Election Committee consists of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chairman of the Election Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Patrik Essehorn appointed by Corem Property Group  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning  Ilija Batljan appointed by Ilija Batljan Invest and Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Election Committee has made the following proposals:I. 12 The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of six members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.I. 13 Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2021 remuneration within brackets).The Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 075 000 (SEK 1 015 000).Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 440 000 (SEK 425 000).Chairman of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000).Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000).Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 200 000).Each of the other members of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 100 000).It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid as per approved accounts.I. 14 The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna Kinberg Batra  Anna-Karin Celsing  Joacim Sjöberg and Rutger Arnhult are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Christina Karlsson Kazeem and Zdravko Markovski have declined re-election. Further  Henrik Käll is proposed to be elected as new Board member. Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board.Henrik Käll  born in 1967  has a great understanding of the capital market and  particularly  the interest rate market  as he has worked in various leading positions in banking and finance both in Stockholm and London  including as Global Head of Markets Sales & Distribution at Nordea Markets covering all types of assets such as interest rates  shares  currencies and derivatives  whereby he was also a member of the Nordea Group's Risk and Product Committee.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the company's website  www.castellum.com.I. 15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. If the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Deloitte has announced that Harald Jagner will continue as the main res­ponsible auditor at Deloitte.Item 16The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to section 8 subsection 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 17The Board of Directors' proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to the members of the executive management is proposed to apply until further notice. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal mainly entails a partly amended decision-making procedure for variable remuneration  that the share price based three-year incentive program is adopted every year instead of every third year and amounts to one third of the previous maximum remuneration  as well as that the reinvestment requirement related to the one-year profit based incentive program is removed. The guidelines includes the following key considerations.The level of remuneration shall correspond to the condi­tions of the market and be competitive. A fixed salary shall be paid for work performed in a satis­factory manner. Pension terms shall correspond to general market practice and shall be based on pension schemes with fixed charges. In addition to the fixed salary  variable remun­eration may be offered within the scope of a profit and share price based incentive program. Such variable rem­uneration should aim to create long term value  and strengthen the sustainability work  within the group. Total variable remuneration per year may not exceed the fixed annual remuneration. The profit and share price based incentive program consists of two parts  a one-year remuneration based on growth in income from property management per share and the development of individually determined factors  as well as a three-year remuneration based on to what extent established objectives in respect of the development of the share price have been achieved over a three-year period. Each year  the Board of Directors may decide to adopt a program that contains both parts. The program's structure shall be based on the objective to align the interests of the group exe­cut­ive management with the interests of the share­holders by way of the group execut­ive management also being shareholders of Castellum and by increasing the share of the total remuneration which is connected to the develop­ment of the group. Hence  the performance targets under the profit and share price based incentive program are clearly linked to Castellum's business strategy and long term interests  including its sustainability work  among others by linking the remuneration to the development of shareholder value and by promoting the executive member's long term personal development. Variable remuneration shall be paid as salary  includes payment for vacation and shall not be pension qualifying income unless required by mandatory collective agreement. In the event that the remuneration to the executive member is pension qualifying income in accordance with mandatory collective agreement provisions  necessary adjustment shall be made of the remuneration so that cost neutrality is achieved for the company. The participants shall undertake to purchase Castellum shares for at least half of the amount of the share price based remuneration received  after deduction for tax.The notice period shall  upon termination by the company  not exceed six months in respect of the Managing Director  and twelve months in respect of any other member of the executive management of the company. The notice period shall  upon termination by the Managing Director or by any other member of the executive management of the company  be six months. During the notice period full salary will be paid and other benefits will be provided to the employee  with deduction for salary and other remuneration received from another emp­loyment or business during the notice period. Such deduction shall not be made in respect of the Managing Director. A severance pay  corresponding to twelve fixed monthly salaries  shall be paid to the Managing Director upon termination by the company. Such severance pay shall not be reduced due to other income received by the Managing Director.The guidelines applies to executive members of the group executive management in Castellum. The Board of Directors has the right to reclaim variable remuneration that has been paid on the basis of information that later has turned out to be inaccurate and provided with a deceptive intention. Further  the Board of Directors shall have the right to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability work.Item 18The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corre­sponding to maximum ten per cent of the company's share capital may be issued. Further  the pro­posal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscription  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to enable the company to  com­pletely or partially  finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acqui­sition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Item 19The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the company's own shares provided that the company after each acquisi­tion will not hold more than ten per cent of all the shares in the company  and to transfer all of the company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The ob­jective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the company to adapt its capital struct­ure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and to transfer own shares as payment  or in order to finance  real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses. This objective does not allow the company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to acquire and transfer own shares requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.MiscellaneousAt the Annual General Meeting  shareholders are entitled to ask questions to the Board of Directors and the Managing Director in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they considers that it may be done without significant harm to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2022CASTELLUM AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors Castellum AB  +46 705 53 80 48Rutger Arnhult  Managing Director Castellum AB  +46 704 58 24 70About CastellumCastellum is one of the largest commercial listed property companies in the Nordic region that develops flexible workplaces and smart logistics solutions. As of 31 December 2021  the property value totalled approximately SEK 176 billion  including ownership share in the Norwegian company Entra ASA. We are active in attractive Swedish growth regions as well as in Copenhagen and the Helsinki area. One of our sustainability goals is to become entirely climate neutral by 2030 at the latest. Castellum is the only Nordic property and construction company elected to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI). The Castellum share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap.Beyond expectations.www.castellum.seThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/castellum/r/summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab--publ- c3511239The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3511239/1540166.pdf Press release 220224SOURCE Castellum",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.11,0.79,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum AB', 'Summons', 'shareholders', 'other corresponding authorization document', 'Chalmers Kårhus', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'state name/business name', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'annual accounts', 'telephone number', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'postal vote', 'temporary legislation', 'precautionary measures', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Castellum AB', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'audit report', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Thursday', 'March', 'RunAn', 'Chalmersplatsen', 'entrance', 'order', 'risk', 'coronavirus', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'beverages', 'food', 'restrictions', 'attendance', 'opportunity', 'proxy', 'development', 'information', 'Notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'website', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'email', 'BankID', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'Documentation', 'remuneration', 'Chap', '5', '4.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
111,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220223006204/en/TechnipFMC-Announces-Fourth-Quarter-2021-Results,TechnipFMC Announces Fourth Quarter 2021 Results,Summary Financial Results from Continuing Operations - Fourth Quarter 2021Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $130.3 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 8.6 percent (Exhibit 8).Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $580.4 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 9.1% (Exhibit 9).The Company ended the period with cash and cash equivalents of $1 327.4 million; net debt was $677.5 million (Exhibit 10).TeleconferenceThe Company will host a teleconference on Thursday  February 24  2022 to discuss the fourth quarter 2021 financial results.,NEWCASTLE & HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TechnipFMC plc (NYSE: FTI) today reported fourth quarter 2021 results.Summary Financial Results from Continuing Operations - Fourth Quarter 2021Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Three Months Ended Change (In millions  except per share amounts) Dec. 31  2021 Sep. 30  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Sequential Year-over-Year Revenue $1 523.3 $1 579.4 $1 600.3 (3.6%) (4.8%) Income (loss) $(127.2) $(40.6) $(75.5) n/m n/m Diluted earnings (loss) per share $(0.28) $(0.09) $(0.17) n/m n/m Adjusted EBITDA $130.3 $140.6 $119.0 (7.3%) 9.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin 8.6% 8.9% 7.4% (30 bps) 120 bps Adjusted income (loss) $(55.8) $(25.0) $(27.4) n/m n/m Adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per share $(0.12) $(0.06) $(0.06) n/m n/m Inbound orders $2 106.7 $1 365.9 $1 012.4 54.2% 108.1% Backlog $7 657.7 $7 002.4 $7 289.5 9.4% 5.1%Total Company revenue in the fourth quarter was $1 523.3 million. Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC was $127.2 million  or $0.28 per diluted share. These results included after-tax charges and credits totaling $71.4 million of expense  or $0.16 per share  which included the following (Exhibit 6):Impairment and other charges of $28.2 million;Restructuring and other charges of $13.6 million; andLoss from equity investment in Technip Energies of $29.6 million.Adjusted loss from continuing operations was $55.8 million  or $0.12 per diluted share (Exhibit 6). Included in adjusted loss from continuing operations was a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $22.4 million.Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $130.3 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 8.6 percent (Exhibit 8). Included in adjusted EBITDA was a foreign exchange gain of $4.6 million.Summary Financial Results from Continuing Operations - Full Year 2021Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Twelve Months Ended Change (In millions  except per share amounts) Dec. 31  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Year-over-Year Revenue $6 403.5 $6 530.6 (1.9%) Income (loss) $87.8 $(3 552.6) n/m Diluted earnings (loss) per share $0.19 $(7.92) n/m Adjusted EBITDA $580.4 $397.2 46.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 9.1% 6.1% 300 bps Adjusted income (loss) $(121.3) $(168.6) n/m Adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per share $(0.27) $(0.38) n/m Inbound orders $6 754.2 $5 064.2 33.4% Backlog $7 657.7 $7 289.5 5.1%Total Company revenue in the full year was $6 403.5 million. Income from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC was $87.8 million  or $0.19 per diluted share. These results included after-tax charges and credits totaling $209.1 million of credit  or $0.46 per share  which included the following (Exhibit 7):Impairment and other charges of $85.8 million;Restructuring and other charges of $27.3 million; andIncome from equity investment in Technip Energies of $322.2 million.Adjusted loss from continuing operations was $121.3 million  or $0.27 per diluted share (Exhibit 7). Included in adjusted loss from continuing operations was a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $61.9 million.Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $580.4 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 9.1% (Exhibit 9). Included in adjusted EBITDA was a foreign exchange gain of $15.8 million.Doug Pferdehirt  Chair and CEO of TechnipFMC  stated  “ 2021 was a breakout year for our Company. Full-year adjusted EBITDA was $580 million with a margin of 9.1 percent  a 300 basis point improvement on the prior year. Free cash flow from continuing operations was $523 million  and we significantly reduced net debt by nearly 70 percent from the prior year to $678 million.”“ We are confident that we have entered a multi-year upcycle for energy demand. TechnipFMC is well positioned for this activity growth given our leadership in both subsea and the Middle East. Total Company inbound orders grew an impressive 33 percent versus the prior year to $6.8 billion  with continued strength expected through at least 2025.”Pferdehirt continued  “ In Surface Technologies  full-year inbound orders increased nearly 70 percent to $1.8 billion  with orders outside North America more than doubling versus the prior year. In the fourth quarter  our surface business received its largest ever award  a multi-year contract from Abu Dhabi National Oil Company to provide wellheads  trees and associated services. We believe the Middle East represents one of our largest opportunities this decade.”“ In Subsea  full-year inbound orders of $5 billion increased 24 percent versus the prior year. The improved inbound orders also reflected continued strength in South America  particularly Brazil and Guyana. We also experienced further adoption of iEPCI™  with increased geographic expansion.”“ Our Subsea Opportunity list has expanded to a record level of more than $20 billion  providing increased visibility into the middle of the decade. The growth in part reflects the continued robust front-end activity. Our early engagement and client partnerships support our view that subsea tree awards for the total industry are likely to exceed 350 in the current year – a level not seen since 2013. For TechnipFMC  we anticipate subsea inbound order growth of up to 30 percent in 2022  with iEPCI™  direct awards and Subsea services approaching 75 percent of orders.”Pferdehirt added  “ The inflection for the energy market is here. Since 2015  offshore economics have materially improved  and subsea cycle-times have become significantly shorter. This has resulted in new subsea investments coming much earlier in the cycle and more in parallel with U.S. land markets. We believe these changes are fundamental and sustainable as a result of new business models and technology pioneered by our company.”Pferdehirt continued  “ While we are confident that oil and gas will remain an important part of the energy mix for an extended period of time  we are also committed to the energy transition. To address these evolving markets  we recently announced the formation of New Energy Ventures. This team will build upon the actions we have taken across multiple platforms and technologies that we believe could deliver $1 billion in inbound orders through 2025.”“ Our ability to successfully collaborate with key industry players is evidenced by several new strategic agreements and partnerships formed over the last year  some of which have already resulted in real project opportunities. These include a long-term strategic alliance with Talos Energy to develop and deliver the first technical and commercial solutions for carbon capture and storage projects in the Gulf of Mexico. We were also successful in securing an option in the ScotWind leasing round through our partnership  Magnora Offshore Wind.”Pferdehirt concluded  “ We are confident that the robust outlook combined with changes in our business model will translate into improved operational and financial performance. Our strong project execution and continued industrialization of our operations leave us well positioned to achieve improved profitability across the portfolio  including a near doubling of Subsea EBITDA by 2025. This  along with our emerging role in the energy transition  will allow us to thrive as the energy architect in both present and future energy markets.”Operational and Financial HighlightsSubseaFinancial HighlightsReconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Three Months Ended Change (In millions) Dec. 31  2021 Sep. 30  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Sequential Year-over-Year Revenue $1 236.2 $1 312.1 $1 338.0 (5.8%) (7.6%) Operating profit $8.5 $23.5 $(9.5) (63.8%) n/m Adjusted EBITDA $123.6 $146.5 $116.5 (15.6%) 6.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.0% 11.2% 8.7% (120 bps) 130 bps Inbound orders $1 034.8 $1 116.0 $712.1 (7.3%) 45.3% Backlog1 2 3 $6 533.0 $6 661.4 $6 876.0 (1.9%) (5.0%)Estimated Consolidated Backlog Scheduling (In millions) Dec. 31  2021 2022 $3 373 2023 $2 228 2024 and beyond $932 Total $6 533 1 Backlog in the period was increased by a foreign exchange impact of $68 million. 2 Backlog does not capture all revenue potential for Subsea Services. 3 Backlog does not include total Company non-consolidated backlog of $579 million.Subsea reported fourth quarter revenue of $1 236.2 million  a decrease of 5.8 percent from the third quarter. Revenue decreased sequentially primarily due to reduced project activity in Africa and Australia and the seasonal impact on services activity  particularly in the North Sea.Subsea reported an operating profit of $8.5 million. Operating results decreased sequentially due to lower project and services activity  partially offset by a reduction in impairment  restructuring and other charges.Subsea reported adjusted EBITDA of $123.6 million. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 15.6 percent when compared to the third quarter  due to reduced project activity and the seasonal decline in services. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 120 basis points to 10 percent.Subsea inbound orders were $1 034.8 million for the quarter. Book-to-bill in the period was 0.8. The following awards were included in the period:TechnipFMC awarded long-term contract by Petrobras (Brazil)Substantial* long-term charter and services contract from Petrobras for the pipelay support vessel Coral do Atlântico. The Brazilian-registered vessel has been secured on a three-year contract  with an option to extend. Operations offshore Brazil are expected to begin in the second quarter of 2022. Coral do Atlântico is an important component of the Company’s leading flexible pipe ecosystem in Brazil and will mainly be deployed in ultra-deepwater of up to 3 000 meters.*A “substantial” contract is between $250 million and $500 million.ExxonMobil Yellowtail Project (Guyana)Large* contract by Exxon Mobil Corporation affiliate  Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited  to supply the subsea production system for the Yellowtail development. Subject to government approvals and final project sanction  TechnipFMC will provide project management  engineering  manufacturing and testing capabilities to deliver the overall subsea production system. The scope of the project includes 51 enhanced vertical deepwater trees (EVDT) and associated tooling  as well as 12 manifolds and associated controls and tie-in equipment.*A “large” contract is between $500 million and $1 billion; the full contract award will not be included in inbound orders until the project receives final investment decision and government approvals.Petrobras Flexible Pipe Frame Agreements (Brazil)Three frame agreements by Petrobras that reaffirm the Company’s leadership position in Brazil’s flexible pipe market – the industry’s largest and most established market. Altogether  the frame agreements form a large* contract for TechnipFMC. The contracts were awarded as part of Petrobras’s drive to increase oil recovery in its brownfield developments  mainly in post-salt fields offshore Brazil. The frame agreements cover the manufacture of more than 500 kilometers of flexible pipe over the next four years  as well as services. This brings the Company’s total contracted volumes in the current year with Petrobras to around 600 kilometers.*A “large” contract is between $500 million and $1 billion; a portion of this award will be inbound in future periods.Subsequent to the period  the following awards were announced and will be included in first quarter 2022 results:Equinor Smørbukk Nord iEPCI™ Project (Norway)An integrated Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation (iEPCI™) contract for Equinor’s Smørbukk Nord development. The contract covers a high-pressure  high-temperature subsea production system and associated equipment for a brownfield tieback in the Åsgard field in the Norwegian Continental Shelf  where TechnipFMC has a large installed base. The award follows front end engineering and design work on the project in 2021. The installation campaign will use TechnipFMC’s battery hybrid vessel  which will reduce greenhouse gas emissions through reduced fuel consumption.Petrobras Búzios 6 Field Project (Brazil)Large* subsea Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation (EPCI) contract by Petrobras for its Búzios 6 field (module 7)  a greenfield development in the pre-salt area. The contract covers flexible and rigid pipe  umbilicals  pipeline end terminals  rigid jumpers  umbilical termination assemblies and a mooring system. The flexible pipe  umbilicals and subsea structures  as well as some of the rigid pipe  will be manufactured in Brazil using skills and competencies the Company has developed in-country  while minimizing the carbon footprint associated with transportation and installation. The project will also utilize our established and qualified Brazilian supply chain.*A “large” contract is between $500 million and $1 billion.Partnership and Alliance HighlightsAcquisition of Magma Global to Accelerate Development of Breakthrough Composite Pipe Technologies for Conventional Energy and CO2 ApplicationsTechnipFMC completed the acquisition of the outstanding shares of Magma Global (Magma)  the leading provider of composite pipe technology to support the Energy Transition. TechnipFMC originally acquired an interest in Magma in 2018  combining its strong history in flexible pipe technology with Magma’s advanced composite capabilities to develop a disruptive composite pipe solution for the traditional and new energy industries.Magma’s technology enables the manufacture of Thermoplastic Composite Pipe (TCP) using Polyether Ether Ketone (PEEK) polymer  which is highly resistive to corrosive compounds  such as CO2. When combined with TechnipFMC’s flexible pipe technology  this forms a Hybrid Flexible Pipe (HFP) that will be deployed in the Brazilian pre-salt fields. Manufactured by a fully automated robotic system  PEEK TCP will also be a critical enabler for both the carbon and hydrogen transportation and storage markets  and particularly offshore applications.TechnipFMC and Saipem Announce SURF Commercial AgreementTechnipFMC and Saipem announced the two companies have entered into a global commercial agreement that will allow them to identify projects worldwide that could be jointly executed for the benefit of clients. The commercial agreement will pursue specific Subsea Umbilicals  Risers and Flowlines (SURF) projects where the combination of the companies’ complementary world-class assets  technologies  products and competencies improves project economics and de-risks the overall project development for the benefit of all stakeholders. The collaboration will have access to a broad range of SURF products and installation methods  providing greater operational flexibility and optimized execution strategies under EPCI (Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation) and iEPCI™ (integrated Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation) project execution models.Energy Transition HighlightsStrategic Alliance with Talos Energy to Provide Carbon Capture and StorageSubsequent to the third quarter  TechnipFMC and Talos Energy entered into a long-term strategic alliance to develop and deliver technical and commercial solutions to Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) projects along the United States Gulf Coast. The alliance combines Talos’s offshore operational strength and sub-surface expertise with TechnipFMC’s extended history in subsea engineering  system integration and automation and control.Cultivated through a shared vision to responsibly deliver CCS solutions that will help to reduce the global carbon footprint  this innovative partnership will accelerate offshore CCS adoption with reliable  specialized systems. Under the alliance  the companies will collaborate to progress CCS opportunities through the full lifecycle of storage site characterization  front-end engineering and design (FEED)  and first injection through life of field operations. This further advances the companies’ leadership in the emerging Gulf Coast CCS market  building on Talos’s recent successful award as the operator of the only major offshore carbon sequestration hub in the United States.Strategic Investment and Collaboration with Orbital Marine Power to Accelerate Tidal EnergyTechnipFMC signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Orbital Marine Power (Orbital)  a pioneer of tidal energy technology  to jointly collaborate in tidal energy to accelerate the global commercialization of Orbital’s technology and deliver the first commercial scale floating tidal field. Orbital’s unique floating turbine  the most powerful in the world to date  can harness underwater currents generated by tides  which can then be converted into electricity and exported to shore. Because of its predictability  tidal energy offers a reliable and consistent form of renewable energy. Tidal energy has the ability to make a cost-effective contribution to net zero transitions around the world at a utility scale. When combined with TechnipFMC’s integrated approach  industrialization capabilities and project management expertise  Orbital’s technology can be scaled-up to meet the increasing demand for renewable energy and significantly lower the cost of delivering tidal energy.Magnora Offshore Wind Successful in ScotWind Leasing Round ApplicationTechnipFMC and Magnora ASA (Magnora) announced that their partnership  Magnora Offshore Wind AS  has been offered the opportunity to enter into an Option Agreement for the N3 area by the Crown Estate Scotland in the ScotWind leasing round. The planned development will have a total capacity of approximately 500 megawatts (MW)  which could power more than 600 000 homes in the United Kingdom. The N3 area is situated in the north-western part of Scotland  40 kilometers offshore Western Isles. The planned wind farm will cover an area of approximately 100 square kilometers in water depths of 106 to 125 meters  and the concept base for the application is 33 semi-submersible floating wind turbines of 15 MW capacity. The ambition is to achieve Consent in 2026  Final Investment Decision in 2028  and start production in 2030  contributing to achieving Scotland’s Net Zero targets  Pathway to 2030.Surface TechnologiesFinancial HighlightsReconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Three Months Ended Change (In millions) Dec. 31  2021 Sep. 30  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Sequential Year-over-Year Revenue $287.1 $267.3 $262.3 7.4% 9.5% Operating profit $8.8 $12.1 $15.1 (27.3%) (41.7%) Adjusted EBITDA $28.9 $28.4 $30.9 1.8% (6.5%) Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.1% 10.6% 11.8% (50 bps) (170 bps) Inbound orders $1 071.9 $249.9 $300.3 328.9% 256.9% Backlog $1 124.7 $341.0 $413.5 229.8% 172.0%Surface Technologies reported fourth quarter revenue of $287.1 million  an increase of 7.4 percent from the third quarter. Revenue increased sequentially due to higher activity both internationally and in North America.Surface Technologies reported operating profit of $8.8 million. Sequentially  operating profit decreased primarily due to restructuring  impairment and other charges of $3.8 million. Results benefited from continued improvement in North America operating performance  partially offset by investment in new international manufacturing capacity.Surface Technologies reported adjusted EBITDA of $28.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA increased 1.8 percent when compared to the third quarter. Results benefited from continued improvement in North America operating performance  partially offset by investment in new international manufacturing capacity. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 50 basis points to 10.1 percent.Inbound orders for the quarter were $1 071.9 million  an increase of 328.9 percent sequentially. Book-to-bill was 3.7 in the period. Inbound growth was driven by a multi-year framework agreement from Abu Dhabi National Oil Company. Backlog ended the period at $1 124.7 million.The following award was included in the period:Abu Dhabi National Oil Company Multi-Year Framework Agreement (Abu Dhabi)TechnipFMC  through Gulf Automation Services and Oilfield Supplies LLC  has been awarded a major* 10-year framework agreement for wellheads  trees and associated services by the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC). Under the framework agreement  TechnipFMC will further grow in-country talent and expand existing manufacturing  assembly and test capabilities in Abu Dhabi in order to deliver the Company’s complete portfolio of surface wellheads and trees locally.*A “major” contract is over $1 billion; a portion of this award will be inbound in future periods.Energy Transition HighlightsTechnipFMC and PETRONAS to Commercialize Gas Processing TechnologyTechnipFMC and PETRONAS Technology Ventures Sdn Bhd (PTVSB)  a subsidiary of PETRONAS  entered into an agreement to commercialize a unique natural gas processing membrane which reduces greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Through the technology commercialization agreement  TechnipFMC will utilize and integrate the membrane technology licensed from PETRONAS as part of its production portfolio in projects worldwide  outside China. The technology  which removes carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide by using wetted membranes  is 30 percent more efficient than existing gas treatment processes and can reduce GHG emissions by significant amounts. The membrane has potential applications in both offshore and onshore hydrocarbon production environments.TechnipFMC and Storengy Sign Memorandum of Understanding to Develop Hydrogen Storage and Utilization SystemTechnipFMC and Storengy  an ENGIE subsidiary  have signed a Memorandum of Understanding for the development of a ready-to-scale-up solution for the storage and utilization of hydrogen as part of the HyPSTER Project. The HyPSTER Project is a flagship development of renewable hydrogen underground storage in Europe. The project will test industrial-scale green hydrogen production and storage in salt caverns  as well as the ability to technically and economically duplicate this approach in sites across Europe. The project comprises a 1 megawatt electrolyser proton exchange membrane  a compressor for the production platform and dispensing solutions for the surface facility. TechnipFMC will provide surface wellheads and expertise in system integration for the project.Corporate and Other Items (three months ended  December 31  2021)Corporate expense was $29.7 million. Excluding charges and credits totaling $2.2 million of expense  corporate expense was $27.5 million.Foreign exchange gain was $4.6 million.Net interest expense was $34.3 million.The provision for income taxes was $39.4 million.Total depreciation and amortization was $95.7 million.Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $483.5 million. Capital expenditures were $60.5 million. Free cash flow from continuing operations was $423 million (Exhibit 11).The Company ended the period with cash and cash equivalents of $1 327.4 million; net debt was $677.5 million (Exhibit 10).Gross debt in the period decreased sequentially by $250.9 million  primarily due to the completion of cash tender offers for outstanding debt (Exhibit 10).Net debt decreased by $544.3 million when compared to the third quarter  primarily due to strong free cash flow generation of $423 million and the sale of 9 million shares of Technip Energies for proceeds of $116.4 million.Investment in Technip EnergiesThe Company completed the partial spin-off of Technip Energies on February 16  2021. Financial results for Technip Energies are reported as discontinued operations. The Company’s investment in Technip Energies is reflected in current assets at market value.Following the distribution of the majority stake  the Company retained ownership of 49.9% of Technip Energies’ outstanding shares. We sold approximately 75% of this remaining stake during 2021 for proceeds of $900.9 million. As of December 31  2021  we retained 12.2% ownership of Technip Energies’ issued and outstanding share capital.In January 2022  we sold 9 million Technip Energies shares for total proceeds of $135.1 million. As of February 23  2022  we retained a direct stake of 12.9 million shares  representing 7.1% of Technip Energies’ issued and outstanding share capital.Additional itemOn January 10  2022  the Company announced that following a comprehensive review of its strategic objectives  it would proceed with the voluntary delisting of its shares from Euronext Paris. The delisting was completed on February 18  2022.The Company’s shares remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FTI”.2022 Full-Year Financial Guidance1The Company’s full-year guidance for 2022 can be found in the table below.All segment guidance assumes no further material degradation from COVID-19-related impacts.2022 Guidance (As of February 23  2022) Subsea Surface Technologies Revenue in a range of $5.2 - 5.6 billion Revenue in a range of $1 150 - 1 300 million EBITDA margin in a range of 11 - 12% (excluding charges and credits) EBITDA margin in a range of 11 - 13% (excluding charges and credits) TechnipFMC Corporate expense  net $100 - 110 million (includes depreciation and amortization of ~$5 million) Net interest expense $105 - 115 million Tax provision  as reported $100 - 110 million Capital expenditures approximately $230 million Free cash flow $100 - 250 million1Our guidance measures adjusted of EBITDA margin  corporate expense  net  net interest expense and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. We are unable to provide a reconciliation to comparable GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort because of the unpredictability of the individual components of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and the variability of items excluded from each such measure. Such information may have a significant  and potentially unpredictable  impact on our future financial results.TeleconferenceThe Company will host a teleconference on Thursday  February 24  2022 to discuss the fourth quarter 2021 financial results. The call will begin at 1 p.m. London time (8 a.m. New York time). Webcast access and an accompanying presentation can be found at www.TechnipFMC.com.An archived audio replay will be available after the event at the same website address. In the event of a disruption of service or technical difficulty during the call  information will be posted on our website.About TechnipFMCTechnipFMC is a leading technology provider to the traditional and new energy industries; delivering fully integrated projects  products  and services.With our proprietary technologies and comprehensive solutions  we are transforming our clients’ project economics  helping them unlock new possibilities to develop energy resources while reducing carbon intensity and supporting their energy transition ambitions.Organized in two business segments — Subsea and Surface Technologies — we will continue to advance the industry with our pioneering integrated ecosystems (such as iEPCI™  iFEED™ and iComplete™)  technology leadership and digital innovation.Each of our approximately 20 000 employees is driven by a commitment to our clients’ success  and a culture of strong execution  purposeful innovation  and challenging industry conventions.TechnipFMC uses its website as a channel of distribution of material company information. To learn more about how we are driving change in the industry  go to www.TechnipFMC.com and follow us on Twitter @TechnipFMC.This communication contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues  earnings  cash flows  or other aspects of our operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as “guidance ” “confident ” “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “plan ” “intend ” “foresee ” “should ” “would ” “could ” “may ” “will ” “likely ” “predicated ” “estimate ” “outlook” and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations  beliefs  and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on us. While management believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. All of our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections  including unpredictable trends in the demand for and price of crude oil and natural gas; competition and unanticipated changes relating to competitive factors in our industry  including ongoing industry consolidation; the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the demand for our products and services; our inability to develop  implement and protect new technologies and services; the cumulative loss of major contracts  customers or alliances; disruptions in the political  regulatory  economic and social conditions of the countries in which we conduct business; the refusal of DTC and Euroclear to act as depository and clearing agencies for our shares; the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union; the impact of our existing and future indebtedness and the restrictions on our operations by terms of the agreements governing our existing indebtedness; the risks caused by our acquisition and divestiture activities; the risks caused by fixed-price contracts; any delays and cost overruns of new capital asset construction projects for vessels and manufacturing facilities; our failure to deliver our backlog; our reliance on subcontractors  suppliers and our joint venture partners; a failure or breach of our IT infrastructure or that of our subcontractors  suppliers or joint venture partners  including as a result of cyber-attacks; the risks of pirates endangering our maritime employees and assets; potential liabilities inherent in the industries in which we operate or have operated; our failure to comply with numerous laws and regulations  including those related to environmental protection  health and safety  labor and employment  import/export controls  currency exchange  bribery and corruption  taxation  privacy  data protection and data security; the additional restrictions on dividend payouts or share repurchases as an English public limited company; uninsured claims and litigation against us  including intellectual property litigation; tax laws  treaties and regulations and any unfavorable findings by relevant tax authorities; the uncertainties related to the anticipated benefits or our future liabilities in connection with the spin-off of Technip Energies (the “Spin-off”); any negative changes in Technip Energies’ results of operations  cash flows and financial position  which impact the value of our remaining investment therein; potential departure of our key managers and employees; adverse seasonal and weather conditions and unfavorable currency exchange rate and risk in connection with our defined benefit pension plan commitments and other risks as discussed in Part I  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2020 and Part II  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” of our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except to the extent required by law.Exhibit 1 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In millions  except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31  September 30  December 31  December 31  2021 2021 2020 2021 2020 Revenue $ 1 523.3 $ 1 579.4 $ 1 600.3 $ 6 403.5 $ 6 530.6 Costs and expenses 1 559.1 1 543.4 1 701.2 6 369.6 10 037.2 (35.8 ) 36.0 (100.9 ) 33.9 (3 506.6 ) Other income (expense)  net 28.0 (35.9 ) 60.3 47.2 89.7 Income (loss) from investment in Technip Energies (29.6 ) 28.5 — 322.2 — Income (loss) before net interest expense and income taxes (37.4 ) 28.6 (40.6 ) 403.3 (3 416.9 ) Net interest expense (34.3 ) (39.3 ) (9.1 ) (143.3 ) (81.8 ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt (22.4 ) (16.0 ) — (61.9 ) — Income (loss) before income taxes (94.1 ) (26.7 ) (49.7 ) 198.1 (3 498.7 ) Provision for income taxes 39.4 12.3 5.9 111.1 19.4 Income (loss) from continuing operations (133.5 ) (39.0 ) (55.6 ) 87.0 (3 518.1 ) (Income) loss from continuing operations attributable to non-controlling interests 6.3 (1.6 ) (19.9 ) 0.8 (34.5 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc (127.2 ) (40.6 ) (75.5 ) 87.8 (3 552.6 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations (28.5 ) 8.4 41.7 (72.6 ) 280.2 Income from discontinued operations attributable to non-controlling interests — — (5.5 ) (1.9 ) (15.2 ) Net income (loss) attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (155.7 ) $ (32.2 ) $ (39.3 ) $ 13.3 $ (3 287.6 ) Earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations Basic and diluted $ (0.28 ) $ (0.09 ) $ (0.17 ) $ 0.19 $ (7.92 ) Earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations Basic and diluted $ (0.06 ) $ 0.02 $ 0.08 $ (0.17 ) $ 0.59 Earnings (loss) per share attributable to TechnipFMC plc Basic and diluted $ (0.35 ) $ (0.07 ) $ (0.09 ) $ 0.03 $ (7.33 ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 450.5 450.7 448.7 450.5 448.7 Diluted 454.6 450.7 448.7 454.6 448.7 Cash dividends declared per share $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 0.13Exhibit 2 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES BUSINESS SEGMENT DATA (In millions) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31  September 30  December 31  December 31  2021 2021 2020 2021 2020 Revenue Subsea $ 1 236.2 $ 1 312.1 $ 1 338.0 $ 5 329.1 $ 5 471.4 Surface Technologies 287.1 267.3 262.3 1 074.4 1 059.2 $ 1 523.3 $ 1 579.4 $ 1 600.3 $ 6 403.5 $ 6 530.6 Income (loss) before income taxes Segment operating profit (loss) Subsea $ 8.5 $ 23.5 $ (9.5 ) $ 141.4 $ (2 815.5 ) Surface Technologies 8.8 12.1 15.1 42.0 (429.3 ) Total segment operating profit (loss) 17.3 35.6 5.6 183.4 (3 244.8 ) Corporate items Corporate expense (1) $ (29.7 ) $ (29.3 ) $ (59.8 ) $ (118.1 ) $ (131.9 ) Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt (56.7 ) (55.3 ) (9.1 ) (205.2 ) (81.8 ) Income (loss) from investment in Technip Energies (29.6 ) 28.5 — 322.2 — Foreign exchange gains (losses) 4.6 (6.2 ) 13.6 15.8 (40.2 ) Total corporate items (111.4 ) (62.3 ) (55.3 ) 14.7 (253.9 ) Income (loss) before income taxes (2) $ (94.1 ) $ (26.7 ) $ (49.7 ) $ 198.1 $ (3 498.7 )(1) Corporate expense primarily includes corporate staff expenses  share-based compensation expenses  and other employee benefits.(2) Includes amounts attributable to non-controlling interests.Exhibit 3 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES BUSINESS SEGMENT DATA (In millions  unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended Inbound Orders (1) December 31  September 30  December 31  December 31  2021 2021 2020 2021 2020 Subsea $ 1 034.8 $ 1 116.0 $ 712.1 $ 4 960.9 $ 4 003.0 Surface Technologies 1 071.9 $ 249.9 300.3 1 793.3 1 061.2 Total inbound orders $ 2 106.7 $ 1 365.9 $ 1 012.4 $ 6 754.2 $ 5 064.2Order Backlog (2) December 31  2021 September 30  2021 December 31  2020 Subsea $ 6 533.0 $ 6 661.4 $ 6 876.0 Surface Technologies 1 124.7 341.0 413.5 Total order backlog $ 7 657.7 $ 7 002.4 $ 7 289.5(1) Inbound orders represent the estimated sales value of confirmed customer orders received during the reporting period.(2) Order backlog is calculated as the estimated sales value of unfilled  confirmed customer orders at the reporting date.Exhibit 4 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) (Unaudited) December 31 2021 December 31 2020 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 327.4 $ 1 269.2 Trade receivables  net 911.9 987.7 Contract assets 966.0 886.8 Inventories  net 1 031.9 1 252.8 Other current assets 787.0 1 323.1 Investment in Technip Energies 317.3 — Current assets of discontinued operations — 5 725.1 Total current assets 5 341.5 11 444.7 Property  plant and equipment  net 2 597.2 2 756.2 Intangible assets  net 813.7 851.3 Other assets 1 267.7 1 356.9 Non-current assets of discontinued operations — 3 283.5 Total assets $ 10 020.1 $ 19 692.6 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt $ 277.6 $ 624.7 Accounts payable  trade 1 294.3 1 201.0 Contract liabilities 1 012.9 1 046.8 Other current liabilities 1 267.0 1 446.2 Current liabilities of discontinued operations — 6 096.5 Total current liabilities 3 851.8 10 415.2 Long-term debt  less current portion 1 727.3 2 835.5 Other liabilities 1 022.6 1 102.6 Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations — 1 081.3 Redeemable non-controlling interest — 43.7 TechnipFMC plc stockholders’ equity 3 402.7 4 154.2 Non-controlling interests 15.7 40.4 Non-controlling interests of discontinued operations — 19.7 Total liabilities and equity $ 10 020.1 $ 19 692.6Exhibit 5 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions  unaudited) (In millions) Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2021 2021 2020 Cash provided (required) by operating activities Net income (loss) (162.0 ) 14.4 (3 237.9 ) Net (income) loss from discontinued operations $ 28.5 $ 72.6 $ (280.2 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided (required) by operating activities Depreciation 72.3 291.3 308.7 Amortization 23.4 94.1 103.4 Impairments 28.2 49.1 3 273.8 Employee benefit plan and share-based compensation costs 11.8 34.3 36.4 Deferred income tax provision  net (56.1 ) (95.1 ) (31.8 ) Income (loss) from investment in Technip Energies 29.6 (322.2 ) — Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and foreign exchange 50.1 30.8 (13.3 ) Loss from equity affiliates  net of dividends received (10.0 ) (0.6 ) (58.2 ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 22.4 61.9 — Other 13.5 (5.5 ) (32.7 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities  net of effects of acquisitions Trade receivables  net and contract assets 246.9 (73.1 ) 433.4 Inventories  net 31.8 197.7 87.4 Accounts payable  trade 15.8 93.8 (236.4 ) Contract liabilities 105.7 0.9 (61.8 ) Income taxes payable (receivable)  net 35.8 214.7 (56.1 ) Other current assets and liabilities  net 6.1 63.5 551.2 Other non-current assets and liabilities  net (10.3 ) (7.6 ) (13.5 ) Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 483.5 715.0 772.4 Cash provided (required) by operating activities from discontinued operations — 66.3 (115.5 ) Cash provided by operating activities 483.5 781.3 656.9 Cash provided (required) by investing activities Capital expenditures (60.5 ) (191.7 ) (256.1 ) Payment to acquire debt securities — (29.1 ) (3.9 ) Proceeds from sale of debt securities — 27.4 51.5 Acquisition  net of cash acquired (15.3 ) (15.3 ) — Proceeds from sale of assets 8.9 104.6 45.5 Proceeds from sales of investment in Technip Energies 116.4 900.9 — Proceeds from repayment of advance to joint venture 12.5 25.0 26.7 Other — — 15.5 Cash provided (required) by investing activities from continuing operations 62.0 821.8 (120.8 ) Cash required by investing activities from discontinued operations — (4.5 ) (59.8 ) Cash provided (required) by investing activities 62.0 817.3 (180.6 ) Cash required by financing activities Net decrease in short-term debt (30.7 ) (62.0 ) (31.9 ) Net decrease in commercial paper — (974.3 ) (340.9 ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt — 1 164.4 223.2 Repayments of long-term debt (220.0 ) (1 462.2 ) (423.9 ) Acquisition of non-controlling interest — (48.6 ) — Payments for debt issuance cost (6.9 ) (60.4 ) — Dividends paid — — (59.2 ) Other (0.4 ) (4.2 ) (19.2 ) Cash required by financing activities from continuing operations (258.0 ) (1 447.3 ) (651.9 ) Cash required by financing activities from discontinued operations — (3 617.7 ) (430.3 ) Cash required by financing activities (258.0 ) (5 065.0 ) (1 082.2 ) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 5.9 (14.0 ) 223.5 Change in cash and cash equivalents 293.4 (3 480.4 ) (382.4 ) Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows  beginning of period 1 034.0 4 807.8 5 190.2 Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows  end of period $ 1 327.4 $ 1 327.4 $ 4 807.8 Less: Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations $ — $ — $ 3 538.6 Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at end of period $ 1 327.4 $ 1 327.4 $ 1 269.2Exhibit 6TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Charges and CreditsIn addition to financial results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)  the third quarter 2021 Earnings Release also includes non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended) and describes performance on a sequential and year-over-year basis against the comparable period in 2020. Net income  excluding charges and credits  as well as measures derived from it (including Diluted EPS  excluding charges and credits); Income before net interest expense and taxes  excluding charges and credits (Adjusted Operating profit); Depreciation and amortization  excluding charges and credits; Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization  excluding charges and credits (Adjusted EBITDA); Adjusted EBITDA margin; Corporate expense  excluding charges and credits; Foreign exchange  net and other  excluding charges and credits; and net cash are non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes that the exclusion of charges and credits from these financial measures enables investors and management to more effectively evaluate TechnipFMC's operations and consolidated results of operations period-over-period  and to identify operating trends that could otherwise be masked or misleading to both investors and management by the excluded items. These measures are also used by management as performance measures in determining certain incentive compensation. The foregoing non-GAAP financial measures should be considered by investors in addition to  not as a substitute for or superior to  other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following is a reconciliation of the most comparable financial measures under GAAP to the non-GAAP financial measures.Three Months Ended December 31  2021 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Loss attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt Income (loss) before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (127.2 ) $ (6.3 ) $ 39.4 $ 56.7 $ (37.4 ) $ 95.7 $ 58.3 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 28.2 — — — 28.2 — 28.2 Restructuring and other charges 13.6 — 0.6 — 14.2 — 14.2 Loss from investment in Technip Energies 29.6 — — — 29.6 — 29.6 Adjusted financial measures $ (55.8 ) $ (6.3 ) $ 40.0 $ 56.7 $ 34.6 $ 95.7 $ 130.3 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (0.28 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.12 )Three Months Ended September 30  2021 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Income attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt Income before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (40.6 ) $ 1.6 $ 12.3 $ 55.3 $ 28.6 $ 96.5 $ 125.1 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 38.0 — — — 38.0 — 38.0 Restructuring and other charges 6.1 — (0.1 ) — 6.0 — 6.0 Income from investment in Technip Energies (28.5 ) — — — (28.5 ) — (28.5 ) Adjusted financial measures $ (25.0 ) $ 1.6 $ 12.2 $ 55.3 $ 44.1 $ 96.5 $ 140.6 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (0.09 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.06 )Exhibit 6TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  2020 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Income attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense Income (loss) before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (75.5 ) $ 19.9 $ 5.9 $ 9.1 $ (40.6 ) $ 113.8 $ 73.2 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 27.7 — 1.4 — 29.1 — 29.1 Restructuring and other charges 16.5 — 0.2 — 16.7 — 16.7 Direct Covid 19 expenses 0.7 — (0.7 ) — — — — Purchase price accounting adjustment 0.1 — (0.1 ) — — — — Valuation allowance 3.1 — (3.1 ) — — — — Adjusted financial measures $ (27.4 ) $ 19.9 $ 3.6 $ 9.1 $ 5.2 $ 113.8 $ 119.0 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (0.17 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.06 )Exhibit 7TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Year Ended December 31  2021 Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Loss attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt Income before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ 87.8 $ (0.8 ) $ 111.1 $ 205.2 $ 403.3 $ 385.4 $ 788.7 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges* 85.8 — — — 85.8 — 85.8 Restructuring and other charges 27.3 — 0.8 — 28.1 — 28.1 Income from investment in Technip Energies (322.2 ) — — — (322.2 ) — (322.2 ) Adjusted financial measures $ (121.3 ) $ (0.8 ) $ 111.9 $ 205.2 $ 195.0 $ 385.4 $ 580.4 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ 0.19 Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.27 )*Includes $36.7 million impairment relating to our equity method investment.Year Ended December 31  2020 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Income attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense Loss before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (3 552.6 ) $ 34.5 $ 19.4 $ 81.8 $ (3 416.9 ) $ 412.1 $ (3 004.8 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 3 260.4 — 13.4 — 3 273.8 — 3 273.8 Restructuring and other charges 65.4 — 5.0 — 70.4 — 70.4 Direct Covid-19 expenses 51.6 — 6.2 — 57.8 — 57.8 Purchase price accounting adjustment 6.6 — 1.9 — 8.5 (8.5 ) — Adjusted financial measures $ (168.6 ) $ 34.5 $ 45.9 $ 81.8 $ (6.4 ) $ 403.6 $ 397.2 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (7.92 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.38 )Exhibit 8TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  2021 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net and Other Total Revenue $ 1 236.2 $ 287.1 $ — $ — $ 1 523.3 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) $ 8.5 $ 8.8 $ (29.7 ) $ (25.0 ) $ (37.4 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 26.6 1.6 — — 28.2 Restructuring and other charges 9.8 2.2 2.2 — 14.2 Loss from investment in Technip Energies — — — 29.6 29.6 Subtotal 36.4 3.8 2.2 29.6 72.0 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 44.9 12.6 (27.5 ) 4.6 34.6 Depreciation and amortization 78.7 16.3 0.7 — 95.7 Adjusted EBITDA $ 123.6 $ 28.9 $ (26.8 ) $ 4.6 $ 130.3 Operating profit margin  as reported 0.7 % 3.1 % -2.5 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 3.6 % 4.4 % 2.3 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.0 % 10.1 % 8.6 %Three Months Ended September 30  2021 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net and Other Total Revenue $ 1 312.1 $ 267.3 $ — $ — $ 1 579.4 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) $ 23.5 $ 12.1 $ (29.3 ) $ 22.3 $ 28.6 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges* 38.0 — — — 38.0 Restructuring and other charges 5.6 — 0.4 — 6.0 Income from investment in Technip Energies — — — (28.5 ) (28.5 ) Subtotal 43.6 — 0.4 (28.5 ) 15.5 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 67.1 12.1 (28.9 ) (6.2 ) 44.1 Depreciation and amortization 79.4 16.3 0.8 — 96.5 Adjusted EBITDA $ 146.5 $ 28.4 $ (28.1 ) $ (6.2 ) $ 140.6 Operating profit margin  as reported 1.8 % 4.5 % 1.8 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 5.1 % 4.5 % 2.8 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 11.2 % 10.6 % 8.9 %*Includes $36.7 million impairment relating to our equity method investment.Exhibit 8TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  2020 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net Total Revenue $ 1 338.0 $ 262.3 $ — $ — $ 1 600.3 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) (9.5 ) 15.1 (59.8 ) 13.6 $ (40.6 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 27.9 1.2 — — 29.1 Restructuring and other charges 16.8 (0.8 ) 0.7 — 16.7 Subtotal 44.7 0.4 0.7 — 45.8 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 35.2 15.5 (59.1 ) 13.6 5.2 Depreciation and amortization 81.3 15.4 17.1 — 113.8 Adjusted EBITDA $ 116.5 $ 30.9 $ (42.0 ) $ 13.6 $ 119.0 Operating profit margin  as reported -0.7 % 5.8 % -2.5 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 2.6 % 5.9 % 0.3 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 8.7 % 11.8 % 7.4 %Exhibit 9TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Year Ended December 31  2021 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net and Other Total Revenue $ 5 329.1 $ 1 074.4 $ — $ — $ 6 403.5 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) $ 141.4 $ 42.0 $ (118.1 ) $ 338.0 $ 403.3 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges* 80.9 1.9 3.0 — 85.8 Restructuring and other charges 19.8 5.7 2.6 — 28.1 Income from investment in Technip Energies — — — (322.2 ) (322.2 ) Subtotal 100.7 7.6 5.6 (322.2 ) (208.3 ) Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 242.1 49.6 (112.5 ) 15.8 195.0 Depreciation and amortization 317.2 64.8 3.4 — 385.4 Adjusted EBITDA $ 559.3 $ 114.4 $ (109.1 ) $ 15.8 $ 580.4 Operating profit margin  as reported 2.7 % 3.9 % 6.3 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 4.5 % 4.6 % 3.0 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.5 % 10.6 % 9.1 %*Includes $36.7 million impairment relating to our equity method investment.Year Ended December 31  2020 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net Total Revenue $ 5 471.4 $ 1 059.2 $ — $ — $ 6 530.6 Operating loss  as reported (pre-tax) $ (2 815.5 ) $ (429.3 ) $ (131.9 ) $ (40.2 ) $ (3 416.9 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 2 854.5 419.3 — — 3 273.8 Restructuring and other charges 52.9 13.2 4.3 — 70.4 Direct COVID - 19 expenses 50.1 7.7 — — 57.8 Purchase price accounting adjustments 8.5 — — — 8.5 Subtotal 2 966.0 440.2 4.3 — 3 410.5 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 150.5 10.9 (127.6 ) (40.2 ) (6.4 ) Adjusted Depreciation and amortization 316.4 70.1 17.1 — 403.6 Adjusted EBITDA $ 466.9 $ 81.0 $ (110.5 ) $ (40.2 ) $ 397.2 Operating profit margin  as reported -51.5 % -40.5 % -52.3 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 2.8 % 1.0 % -0.1 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 8.5 % 7.6 % 6.1 %Exhibit 10TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)December 31 2021 September 30 2021 December 31 2020 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 327.4 $ 1 034.0 $ 1 269.2 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (277.6 ) (282.2 ) (624.7 ) Long-term debt  less current portion (1 727.3 ) (1 973.6 ) (2 835.5 ) Net debt $ (677.5 ) $ (1 221.8 ) $ (2 191.0 )Net (debt) cash  is a non-GAAP financial measure reflecting cash and cash equivalents  net of debt. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our capital structure and financial leverage. We believe net debt  or net cash  is a meaningful financial measure that may assist investors in understanding our financial condition and recognizing underlying trends in our capital structure. Net (debt) cash should not be considered an alternative to  or more meaningful than  cash and cash equivalents as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP or as an indicator of our operating performance or liquidity.Exhibit 11TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2021 2021 2020 Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations $ 483.5 715.0 772.4 Capital expenditures (60.5 ) (191.7 ) (256.1 ) Free cash flow from continuing operations $ 423.0 $ 523.3 $ 516.3Free cash flow (deficit) from continuing operations  is a non-GAAP financial measure and is defined as cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our financial condition. We believe from continuing operations  free cash flow (deficit) from continuing operations is a meaningful financial measure that may assist investors in understanding our financial condition and results of operations.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.12,0.35,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2021 Results', 'TechnipFMC', 'Abu Dhabi National Oil Company', 'U.S. GAAP', 'foreign exchange gain', '300 basis point improvement', 'Free cash flow', 'GAAP financial measures', 'robust front-end activity', 'Total Company revenue', 'Summary Financial Results', 'Subsea Opportunity list', 'full-year inbound orders', 'fourth quarter 2021 results', 'Full-year adjusted EBITDA', 'Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'financial schedules', 'Year Revenue', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Continuing Operations', 'Three Months', 'tax charges', 'other charges', 'equity investment', 'Technip Energies', 'early extinguishment', 'Full Year', 'Twelve Months', 'breakout year', 'prior year', 'multi-year upcycle', 'energy demand', 'activity growth', 'continued strength', 'Surface Technologies', 'North America', 'surface business', 'multi-year contract', 'associated services', 'South America', 'geographic expansion', 'record level', 'early engageme', 'Middle East', 'Diluted earnings', 'Doug Pferdehirt', 'largest opportunities', 'net debt', 'impressive 33 percent', 'TechnipFMC plc', 'share amounts', 'Adjusted income', '8.6 percent', '9.1 percent', '70 percent', 'NEWCASTLE', 'HOUSTON', 'NYSE', 'FTI', 'Reconciliation', 'millions', 'Dec.', 'Sep.', 'Sequential', 'loss', 'Backlog', 'credits', 'expense', 'Exhibit', 'Impairment', 'Restructuring', 'Chair', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'award', 'wellheads', 'trees', 'Brazil', 'Guyana', 'adoption', 'iEPCI™', 'visibility', 'decade', 'part', '120']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,businesswire.com
112,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-301488418.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting,GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7.The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting.,"GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the general meeting should be held without physical presence by inviting the shareholders to exercise their voting rights only by postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. There will be no meeting with a possibility to attend physically or by proxy; hence  the meeting will be held without physical presence.Information on the resolutions adopted by the general meeting will be published on 24 March 2022 as soon as the results of the postal vote has been finalized. For further information  see the heading ""Postal voting"" below.An address from the President and an address from the auditor will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  latest by 22 March 2022.Preconditions for participationFor the right to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders must be recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  16 March 2022 and must notify its intention to participate to the company at the latest on 23 March 2022 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal voting is received by the company through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must have the shares registered temporarily in their own name in order to take part in the Annual General Meeting. Any such re-registration for the purpose of establishing voting rights made by the trustee latest by 18 March 2022 are taken into account in the production of the share register. This means that the shareholder should give notice of his/her wish to be included in the shareholders' register to the trustee well in advance  in accordance with the trustee's procedures.Postal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on www.skf.com. The postal voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. The form may be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to [email protected]. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 771-24 64 00.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting2. Election of a Chairman for the Annual General Meeting3. Election of persons to verify the minutes4. Drawing up and approval of the voting list5. Approval of agenda6. Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and audit report for the Group8. Matter of adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the Group9. Resolution regarding distribution of profits and record date10. Matter of discharge of the Board members and the Presidents from liability11. Determination of number of Board members and deputy members12. Determination of fee for the Board members13. Election of Board members and deputy Board membersThe Nomination Committee's proposal for Board members:13.1 Hans Stråberg13.2 Hock Goh13.3 Colleen Repplier13.4 Geert Follens13.5 Håkan Buskhe13.6 Susanna Schneeberger13.7 Rickard Gustafson14. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors15. The Board of Director's proposal for a resolution on revised principles of executive remuneration16. The Board of Directors' remuneration report17. The Board of Directors' proposal for a resolution on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022Proposal under item 3Martin Jonasson (Andra AP-fonden) and Emilie Westholm (Folksam)  or if one or both of them are prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board  are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the Meeting together with the Chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the Meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 4The voting list proposed for approval under point 4 on the agenda  is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the company  based on the Meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 9The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.00 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Monday  28 March 2022 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Thursday  31 March 2022.Proposals under items 2  11  12  13 and 14The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chairman of the Board of Directors  representatives of FAM  AFA Försäkring  Skandia and Swedbank Robur Fonder  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the votes of the total number of company shares. The Nomination Committee has informed the company about the following proposal:Item 2 - that Sven Unger   or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting;  or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting; Item 11 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members and no deputy members;Item 12 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:a. An allotment of SEK 2 530 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 825 000 to each of the other Board members; andb. an allotment of SEK 285 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  with SEK 210 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  with SEK 165 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and with SEK 130 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee;Item 13 - re-election of the Board members Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Colleen Repplier   Geert Follens   Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger and Rickard Gustafson .A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website www.skf.com. Barb Samardzich has declined re-election at the Annual General Meeting 2022.Item 14 - that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Proposal under item 15The Board of Directors has decided to submit the following revised principles of remuneration for SKF's Group Management (executive remuneration) to the Annual General Meeting. The main contents of the proposal are stated below. The Board of Director's complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.The Board of Director's proposal for revised principles of remuneration are in all material respects similar to the previous version with a clarification of the criteria for variable salary. Furthermore  a criterion promoting the SKF Group's sustainability targets  which can be independent of the financial performance of the SKF Group  has been added.Group Management is defined as the President and the other members of the management team.The Board of Directors' proposal is that the remuneration of Group Management members shall be based on market competitive conditions and at the same time support the shareholders' best interests. The total remuneration package for a Group Management member shall consist of fixed salary  variable salary  pension benefits  conditions for notice of termination and severance pay  and other benefits such as a company car. The objective of the principles of remuneration is to ensure that the SKF Group can attract and retain the best people in order to promote the SKF Group's mission and business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability.The fixed salary shall be at a market competitive level. Competence  responsibility  experience and performance shall be taken into account when the fixed salary is established.The variable salary shall run according to a performance-based programme. The programme shall have predetermined and measurable criteria which can be both financial and non-financial and which contribute to the company's long-term and sustainable development. The criteria shall primarily be based on the annual financial performance of the SKF Group  such as financial result  growth and capital efficiency and shall promote sustainability targets of the SKF Group. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable salary shall be measured over a period of one year. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable salary has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended  and the maximum variable salary is capped at a certain percentage of the fixed accumulated annual salary varying between 50 and 70 %. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable salary to the President. For variable salary to other executives  the President is responsible for the evaluation. For financial targets  the evaluation shall be based on financial information made public by the SKF Group.SKF shall strive to establish pension plans based on defined contribution models.A Group Management member may terminate his/her employment by giving six months' notice. In the event of termination of employment at the request of the company  employment shall according to the agreement cease immediately. A severance payment related to the number of years' service shall  however  in this case be paid out  provided that it shall always be maximized to two years' fixed salary.The principles of remuneration for Group Management shall be presented by the Remuneration Committee to the Board of Directors that  at least every fourth year  shall submit a proposal for such principles to the Annual General Meeting for approval. The principles of remuneration shall be valid until new principles have been adopted by the Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to derogate from the principles of remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability.Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.Proposal under item 17The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes  in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2022 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The programme is proposed to cover not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines.Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted to not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the Group. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  and to the SKF Group's carbon neutral net zero 2030 objective. TVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.90 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the level of TVA increase. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  for the TVA development for the financial years 2022-2024 compared to the financial year 2021. After the expiry of the financial year 2024 a comparison is made between the average TVA for the financial years 2022-2024 and TVA for the financial year 2021. The TVA change is expressed as a percentage. In order for allocation of shares to take place the TVA increase must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded.10 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the reduction of CO 2 emissions. The SKF Group net zero 2030 objective is related to the SKF Group's ambition to become carbon neutral year 2030 (the net zero 2030 objective). The target is based on a CO 2 emission reduction trajectory for the operations defined by the net zero 2030 objective with 2021's emissions as a starting point. After the expiry of the financial year 2024  a comparison will be made of the level of CO 2 reduction achieved during the programme period and the net zero 2030 objective trajectory. If the trajectory reduction level is met or exceeded full allotment is awarded  i.e. 10 % of the total maximum allotment under the programme. If the reduction does not meet the trajectory level  no allotment is awarded in relation to this part of the programme.Provided that the TVA increase reaches the target level  and that the net zero 2030 objective target is met  the participants of the programme may be allotted the following maximum number of shares per person within the various key groups:CEO and President - 36 500 sharesOther members of Group Management - 13 000 sharesManagers of large business units and similar - 4 500 sharesOther senior managers - 3 000 sharesOther key persons - 1 250 sharesIf the TVA increase exceeds the threshold level for allotment of shares but the final allotment is below 5% of the target level  payment will be made in cash instead of shares  whereupon the amount of the cash payment shall correspond to the value of the shares calculated on the basis of the closing price for SKF's B share the day before settlement.Allotment of shares requires that the persons covered by the programme are employed in the SKF Group during the entire calculation period. If all the conditions included in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 are met  allotment of shares shall be made free of charge following the expiry of the three year calculation period  i.e. during 2025.Before the number of shares to be allotted is finally determined  the Board shall examine whether the allotment is reasonable considering SKF's financial results and position  the conditions on the stock market as well as other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board  reduce the number of shares to be awarded to the lower number of shares deemed appropriate by the Board.The Board is furthermore entitled to introduce an alternative incentive solution for employees in countries where participation in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 is not appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall  as far as practicable  be formulated employing the same conditions as SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The company has 455 351 068 shares in issue when this notice is issued. In order to comply with the obligations of SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022  a maximum number of 1 000 000 B shares are required  corresponding to approximately 0.2% of the total number of outstanding shares.Assuming maximum allocation under the Performance Share Programme 2022 and a share price of SEK 184  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 221. On the basis of a share price of SEK 280  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 336. In addition  the administrative costs are estimated at approximately MSEK 2.The Board does not propose for the time being to take any action to hedge SKF's obligations under the programme. Delivery of shares under the programme shall not take place until 2025.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 29 403 933 series A shares and 425 947 135 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 998 646.5. The company holds no own shares.The annual report  the audit report  statements of the Board of Directors and the auditor  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and complete proposals according to item 15 and 17 of the agenda together with the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement will be available at the company's headquarters at Sven Wingquists gata 2  415 50 Gothenburg  and at the company's website  www.skf.com  no later than from 3 March 2022 and will be sent to shareholders who request this and state their address. The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters. Further  the share register of the meeting will be available at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and the company's relationship to other group companies. A request for such information shall be made in writing no later than ten days before the meeting  i.e. latest by 14 March 2022  to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: [email protected]. The information will be made available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and at the company's headquarters on 19 March 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.SKF's web-based financial report in English will be made public on 2 March 2022.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 771 24 64 00.Gothenburg in February 2022Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting. The personal data is processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. For complete information on the company's processing of your personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting and your rights  see SKF's website www.skf.com under the heading ""About AGM"" (which is located under the section ""Investors"" and ""Corporate Governance"").CONTACT:PRESS: Carl Bjernstam  Group Communicationtel: 46 31-337 2517; mobile: 46 722-201 893; e-mail: [email protected]INVESTOR RELATIONS: Patrik Stenberg  Head of Investor Relationstel: 46 31-337 2104; mobile: 46 705-472 104; [email protected]This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/skf/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting c3512637The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/637/3512637/1539597.pdf 20220223 Notice of Annual General Meeting https://news.cision.com/skf/i/dji-0735-fix c3015885 DJI 0735 fixSOURCE SKF",neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,negative,0.03,0.05,0.92,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Hans Stråberg', 'Håkan Buskhe', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Performance Share Programme', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'deputy Board members', 'postal voting form', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'deputy members', 'general meetings', 'executive remuneration', 'audit report', 'postal votes', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'Computershare AB', 'The Board', 'GÖTEBORG', 'physical presence', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'special form', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'record date', '2 Hock Goh', 'Colleen Repplier', 'Geert Follens', 'Susanna Schneeberger', 'Rickard Gustafson', 'revised principles', 'Martin Jonasson', 'Andra AP-fonden', 'Emilie Westholm', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'AB SKF', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', ""Directors' proposal"", ""shareholders' register"", 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Covid', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'results', 'heading', 'address', 'President', 'auditor', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'Friday', 'intention', 'shares', 'name', 'trustee', 'order', 're-registration', 'purpose', 'production', 'wish', 'advance', 'procedures', 'notification', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'approval', 'Consideration', 'Presentation', 'Group', 'Matter', 'adoption', 'distribution', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'number', 'fee', 'item', 'Folksam', '8.', '5']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
113,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/summons-annual-general-meeting-shareholders-094200269.html,Summons to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Castellum AB (publ),"The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum AB – postal voting"" in the subject line).Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021.15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023.","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556475-5550  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  March 31  2022 at 5 pm in RunAn  Chalmers Kårhus  Chalmersplatsen 1  Gothenburg. The entrance opens at 4.30 pm.In order to minimize the risk of spreading the coronavirus  the Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with temporary legislation. As further precautionary measures  Castellum has decided that no beverages or food will be served and that certain restrictions will be made as to the attendance of non-shareholders. Castellum would like to encourage shareholders to consider whether to attend the meeting in person  but instead use the opportunity to vote by post or participate by proxy. Castellum is monitoring the development and will  if necessary  update the information.Notification etc.Attend the meeting venue in personA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022 (preferably before 4 pm). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum AB (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone +46 8–401 43 76  or through the company's website www.castellum.com. The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorization document must be attached.Story continuesParticipation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022  by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum AB – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  March 25  2022. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorization document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Wednesday  March 23  2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  March 25  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report  the Board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's office at Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the company's annual report on March 7  2022. The auditor's statement according to item 6 b)  the Board's proposal and motivated satement in accordance with item 8  as well as other proposals regarding item 10 and items 17-19 will be available at the company's office and on the company's website no later than March 10  2022. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Election Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  information regarding the proposed Board members  motivated statement concerning the Election Committee's proposal regarding the Board and report on the Election Committee's work can be found on the company's website.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the company and on the company's website. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Number of shares and votesAt the date of this summons  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the company  of which the company holds 5 712 000 own shares.Items1. Election of Chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guide­lines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution regarding the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution regarding the record days for distribution of dividend.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Election Committee's report on its proposals regarding resolutions at the Annual General Meeting and the Election Committee's motivated statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.(a) Per Berggren (Chairman)(b) Anna Kinberg Batra(c) Anna-Karin Celsing(d) Joacim Sjöberg(e) Rutger Arnhult(f) Henrik Käll (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.17. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management.18. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues.19. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to acquire and transfer the company's own shares.Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 8The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.60 per share  distributed to the shareholders in four equal payments of SEK 1.90 per share. As record days for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday  April 4  2022  Thursday  June 30  2022  Friday  September 30  2022 and Friday  December 30  2022. The dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on the third banking day after each record date.Item 10The Board of Directors proposes two new subparagraphs in § 9 of the Articles of Association with the following wording.The Board of Directors may decide before a general meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the general meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors may resolve that a person who is not a shareholder of the company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to be present or otherwise follow the proceedings at the general meeting.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association should be amended with the following wording.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares repre­sented at the Annual General Meeting.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021. The Election Committee consists of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chairman of the Election Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Patrik Essehorn appointed by Corem Property Group  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning  Ilija Batljan appointed by Ilija Batljan Invest and Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Election Committee has made the following proposals:I. 12 The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of six members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.I. 13 Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2021 remuneration within brackets).The Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 075 000 (SEK 1 015 000).Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 440 000 (SEK 425 000).Chairman of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000).Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000).Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 200 000).Each of the other members of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 100 000).It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid as per approved accounts.I. 14 The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna Kinberg Batra  Anna-Karin Celsing  Joacim Sjöberg and Rutger Arnhult are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Christina Karlsson Kazeem and Zdravko Markovski have declined re-election. Further  Henrik Käll is proposed to be elected as new Board member. Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board.Henrik Käll  born in 1967  has a great understanding of the capital market and  particularly  the interest rate market  as he has worked in various leading positions in banking and finance both in Stockholm and London  including as Global Head of Markets Sales & Distribution at Nordea Markets covering all types of assets such as interest rates  shares  currencies and derivatives  whereby he was also a member of the Nordea Group's Risk and Product Committee.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the company's website  www.castellum.com.I. 15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. If the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Deloitte has announced that Harald Jagner will continue as the main res­ponsible auditor at Deloitte.Item 16The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to section 8 subsection 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 17The Board of Directors' proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to the members of the executive management is proposed to apply until further notice. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal mainly entails a partly amended decision-making procedure for variable remuneration  that the share price based three-year incentive program is adopted every year instead of every third year and amounts to one third of the previous maximum remuneration  as well as that the reinvestment requirement related to the one-year profit based incentive program is removed. The guidelines includes the following key considerations.The level of remuneration shall correspond to the condi­tions of the market and be competitive. A fixed salary shall be paid for work performed in a satis­factory manner. Pension terms shall correspond to general market practice and shall be based on pension schemes with fixed charges. In addition to the fixed salary  variable remun­eration may be offered within the scope of a profit and share price based incentive program. Such variable rem­uneration should aim to create long term value  and strengthen the sustainability work  within the group. Total variable remuneration per year may not exceed the fixed annual remuneration. The profit and share price based incentive program consists of two parts  a one-year remuneration based on growth in income from property management per share and the development of individually determined factors  as well as a three-year remuneration based on to what extent established objectives in respect of the development of the share price have been achieved over a three-year period. Each year  the Board of Directors may decide to adopt a program that contains both parts. The program's structure shall be based on the objective to align the interests of the group exe­cut­ive management with the interests of the share­holders by way of the group execut­ive management also being shareholders of Castellum and by increasing the share of the total remuneration which is connected to the develop­ment of the group. Hence  the performance targets under the profit and share price based incentive program are clearly linked to Castellum's business strategy and long term interests  including its sustainability work  among others by linking the remuneration to the development of shareholder value and by promoting the executive member's long term personal development. Variable remuneration shall be paid as salary  includes payment for vacation and shall not be pension qualifying income unless required by mandatory collective agreement. In the event that the remuneration to the executive member is pension qualifying income in accordance with mandatory collective agreement provisions  necessary adjustment shall be made of the remuneration so that cost neutrality is achieved for the company. The participants shall undertake to purchase Castellum shares for at least half of the amount of the share price based remuneration received  after deduction for tax.The notice period shall  upon termination by the company  not exceed six months in respect of the Managing Director  and twelve months in respect of any other member of the executive management of the company. The notice period shall  upon termination by the Managing Director or by any other member of the executive management of the company  be six months. During the notice period full salary will be paid and other benefits will be provided to the employee  with deduction for salary and other remuneration received from another emp­loyment or business during the notice period. Such deduction shall not be made in respect of the Managing Director. A severance pay  corresponding to twelve fixed monthly salaries  shall be paid to the Managing Director upon termination by the company. Such severance pay shall not be reduced due to other income received by the Managing Director.The guidelines applies to executive members of the group executive management in Castellum. The Board of Directors has the right to reclaim variable remuneration that has been paid on the basis of information that later has turned out to be inaccurate and provided with a deceptive intention. Further  the Board of Directors shall have the right to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability work.Item 18The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corre­sponding to maximum ten per cent of the company's share capital may be issued. Further  the pro­posal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscription  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to enable the company to  com­pletely or partially  finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acqui­sition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Item 19The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the company's own shares provided that the company after each acquisi­tion will not hold more than ten per cent of all the shares in the company  and to transfer all of the company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The ob­jective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the company to adapt its capital struct­ure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and to transfer own shares as payment  or in order to finance  real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses. This objective does not allow the company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to acquire and transfer own shares requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.MiscellaneousAt the Annual General Meeting  shareholders are entitled to ask questions to the Board of Directors and the Managing Director in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they considers that it may be done without significant harm to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2022CASTELLUM AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors Castellum AB  +46 705 53 80 48Rutger Arnhult  Managing Director Castellum AB  +46 704 58 24 70About CastellumCastellum is one of the largest commercial listed property companies in the Nordic region that develops flexible workplaces and smart logistics solutions. As of 31 December 2021  the property value totalled approximately SEK 176 billion  including ownership share in the Norwegian company Entra ASA. We are active in attractive Swedish growth regions as well as in Copenhagen and the Helsinki area. One of our sustainability goals is to become entirely climate neutral by 2030 at the latest. Castellum is the only Nordic property and construction company elected to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI). The Castellum share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap.Beyond expectations.www.castellum.seThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/castellum/r/summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab--publ- c3511239The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3511239/1540166.pdf Press release 220224CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab-publ-301489422.htmlSOURCE Castellum",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.12,0.78,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum AB', 'Summons', 'shareholders', 'other corresponding authorization document', 'Chalmers Kårhus', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'state name/business name', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'annual accounts', 'telephone number', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'postal vote', 'temporary legislation', 'precautionary measures', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Castellum AB', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'audit report', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Thursday', 'March', 'RunAn', 'Chalmersplatsen', 'entrance', 'order', 'risk', 'coronavirus', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'beverages', 'food', 'restrictions', 'attendance', 'opportunity', 'proxy', 'development', 'information', 'Notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'website', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'Story', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'Documentation', 'remunerati', '5', '4.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
114,Euroclear,Google API,https://en.prnasia.com/releases/apac/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-352333.shtml,Notice of Annual General Meeting - PR Newswire APAC,GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7.The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting.,"GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the general meeting should be held without physical presence by inviting the shareholders to exercise their voting rights only by postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. There will be no meeting with a possibility to attend physically or by proxy; hence  the meeting will be held without physical presence.Information on the resolutions adopted by the general meeting will be published on 24 March 2022 as soon as the results of the postal vote has been finalized. For further information  see the heading ""Postal voting"" below.An address from the President and an address from the auditor will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  latest by 22 March 2022.Preconditions for participationFor the right to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders must be recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  16 March 2022 and must notify its intention to participate to the company at the latest on 23 March 2022 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal voting is received by the company through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must have the shares registered temporarily in their own name in order to take part in the Annual General Meeting. Any such re-registration for the purpose of establishing voting rights made by the trustee latest by 18 March 2022 are taken into account in the production of the share register. This means that the shareholder should give notice of his/her wish to be included in the shareholders' register to the trustee well in advance  in accordance with the trustee's procedures.Postal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on www.skf.com. The postal voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. The form may be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 771-24 64 00.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting2. Election of a Chairman for the Annual General Meeting3. Election of persons to verify the minutes4. Drawing up and approval of the voting list5. Approval of agenda6. Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and audit report for the Group8. Matter of adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the Group9. Resolution regarding distribution of profits and record date10. Matter of discharge of the Board members and the Presidents from liability11. Determination of number of Board members and deputy members12. Determination of fee for the Board members13. Election of Board members and deputy Board membersThe Nomination Committee's proposal for Board members:13.1 Hans Stråberg13.2 Hock Goh13.3 Colleen Repplier13.4 Geert Follens13.5 Håkan Buskhe13.6 Susanna Schneeberger13.7 Rickard Gustafson14. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors15. The Board of Director's proposal for a resolution on revised principles of executive remuneration16. The Board of Directors' remuneration report17. The Board of Directors' proposal for a resolution on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022Proposal under item 3Martin Jonasson (Andra AP-fonden) and Emilie Westholm (Folksam)  or if one or both of them are prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board  are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the Meeting together with the Chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the Meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 4The voting list proposed for approval under point 4 on the agenda  is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the company  based on the Meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 9The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.00 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Monday  28 March 2022 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Thursday  31 March 2022.Proposals under items 2  11  12  13 and 14The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chairman of the Board of Directors  representatives of FAM  AFA Försäkring  Skandia and Swedbank Robur Fonder  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the votes of the total number of company shares. The Nomination Committee has informed the company about the following proposal:Item 2 - that Sven Unger   or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting;  or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting; Item 11 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members and no deputy members;Item 12 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:a. An allotment of SEK 2 530 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 825 000 to each of the other Board members; andb. an allotment of SEK 285 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  with SEK 210 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  with SEK 165 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and with SEK 130 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee;Item 13 - re-election of the Board members Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Colleen Repplier   Geert Follens   Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger and Rickard Gustafson .A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website www.skf.com. Barb Samardzich has declined re-election at the Annual General Meeting 2022.Item 14 - that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Proposal under item 15The Board of Directors has decided to submit the following revised principles of remuneration for SKF's Group Management (executive remuneration) to the Annual General Meeting. The main contents of the proposal are stated below. The Board of Director's complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.The Board of Director's proposal for revised principles of remuneration are in all material respects similar to the previous version with a clarification of the criteria for variable salary. Furthermore  a criterion promoting the SKF Group's sustainability targets  which can be independent of the financial performance of the SKF Group  has been added.Group Management is defined as the President and the other members of the management team.The Board of Directors' proposal is that the remuneration of Group Management members shall be based on market competitive conditions and at the same time support the shareholders' best interests. The total remuneration package for a Group Management member shall consist of fixed salary  variable salary  pension benefits  conditions for notice of termination and severance pay  and other benefits such as a company car. The objective of the principles of remuneration is to ensure that the SKF Group can attract and retain the best people in order to promote the SKF Group's mission and business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability.The fixed salary shall be at a market competitive level. Competence  responsibility  experience and performance shall be taken into account when the fixed salary is established.The variable salary shall run according to a performance-based programme. The programme shall have predetermined and measurable criteria which can be both financial and non-financial and which contribute to the company's long-term and sustainable development. The criteria shall primarily be based on the annual financial performance of the SKF Group  such as financial result  growth and capital efficiency and shall promote sustainability targets of the SKF Group. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable salary shall be measured over a period of one year. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable salary has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended  and the maximum variable salary is capped at a certain percentage of the fixed accumulated annual salary varying between 50 and 70 %. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable salary to the President. For variable salary to other executives  the President is responsible for the evaluation. For financial targets  the evaluation shall be based on financial information made public by the SKF Group.SKF shall strive to establish pension plans based on defined contribution models.A Group Management member may terminate his/her employment by giving six months' notice. In the event of termination of employment at the request of the company  employment shall according to the agreement cease immediately. A severance payment related to the number of years' service shall  however  in this case be paid out  provided that it shall always be maximized to two years' fixed salary.The principles of remuneration for Group Management shall be presented by the Remuneration Committee to the Board of Directors that  at least every fourth year  shall submit a proposal for such principles to the Annual General Meeting for approval. The principles of remuneration shall be valid until new principles have been adopted by the Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to derogate from the principles of remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability.Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.Proposal under item 17The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes  in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2022 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The programme is proposed to cover not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines.Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted to not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the Group. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  and to the SKF Group's carbon neutral net zero 2030 objective. TVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.90 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the level of TVA increase. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  for the TVA development for the financial years 2022-2024 compared to the financial year 2021. After the expiry of the financial year 2024 a comparison is made between the average TVA for the financial years 2022-2024 and TVA for the financial year 2021. The TVA change is expressed as a percentage. In order for allocation of shares to take place the TVA increase must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded.10 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the reduction of CO 2 emissions. The SKF Group net zero 2030 objective is related to the SKF Group's ambition to become carbon neutral year 2030 (the net zero 2030 objective). The target is based on a CO 2 emission reduction trajectory for the operations defined by the net zero 2030 objective with 2021's emissions as a starting point. After the expiry of the financial year 2024  a comparison will be made of the level of CO 2 reduction achieved during the programme period and the net zero 2030 objective trajectory. If the trajectory reduction level is met or exceeded full allotment is awarded  i.e. 10 % of the total maximum allotment under the programme. If the reduction does not meet the trajectory level  no allotment is awarded in relation to this part of the programme.Provided that the TVA increase reaches the target level  and that the net zero 2030 objective target is met  the participants of the programme may be allotted the following maximum number of shares per person within the various key groups:CEO and President - 36 500 sharesOther members of Group Management - 13 000 sharesManagers of large business units and similar - 4 500 sharesOther senior managers - 3 000 sharesOther key persons - 1 250 sharesIf the TVA increase exceeds the threshold level for allotment of shares but the final allotment is below 5% of the target level  payment will be made in cash instead of shares  whereupon the amount of the cash payment shall correspond to the value of the shares calculated on the basis of the closing price for SKF's B share the day before settlement.Allotment of shares requires that the persons covered by the programme are employed in the SKF Group during the entire calculation period. If all the conditions included in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 are met  allotment of shares shall be made free of charge following the expiry of the three year calculation period  i.e. during 2025.Before the number of shares to be allotted is finally determined  the Board shall examine whether the allotment is reasonable considering SKF's financial results and position  the conditions on the stock market as well as other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board  reduce the number of shares to be awarded to the lower number of shares deemed appropriate by the Board.The Board is furthermore entitled to introduce an alternative incentive solution for employees in countries where participation in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 is not appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall  as far as practicable  be formulated employing the same conditions as SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The company has 455 351 068 shares in issue when this notice is issued. In order to comply with the obligations of SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022  a maximum number of 1 000 000 B shares are required  corresponding to approximately 0.2% of the total number of outstanding shares.Assuming maximum allocation under the Performance Share Programme 2022 and a share price of SEK 184  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 221. On the basis of a share price of SEK 280  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 336. In addition  the administrative costs are estimated at approximately MSEK 2.The Board does not propose for the time being to take any action to hedge SKF's obligations under the programme. Delivery of shares under the programme shall not take place until 2025.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 29 403 933 series A shares and 425 947 135 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 998 646.5. The company holds no own shares.The annual report  the audit report  statements of the Board of Directors and the auditor  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and complete proposals according to item 15 and 17 of the agenda together with the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement will be available at the company's headquarters at Sven Wingquists gata 2  415 50 Gothenburg  and at the company's website  www.skf.com  no later than from 3 March 2022 and will be sent to shareholders who request this and state their address. The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters. Further  the share register of the meeting will be available at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and the company's relationship to other group companies. A request for such information shall be made in writing no later than ten days before the meeting  i.e. latest by 14 March 2022  to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: chairman@skf.com. The information will be made available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and at the company's headquarters on 19 March 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.SKF's web-based financial report in English will be made public on 2 March 2022.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 771 24 64 00.Gothenburg in February 2022Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting. The personal data is processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. For complete information on the company's processing of your personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting and your rights  see SKF's website www.skf.com under the heading ""About AGM"" (which is located under the section ""Investors"" and ""Corporate Governance"").CONTACT:PRESS: Carl Bjernstam  Group Communicationtel: 46 31-337 2517; mobile: 46 722-201 893; e-mail: carl.bjernstam@skf.comINVESTOR RELATIONS: Patrik Stenberg  Head of Investor Relationstel: 46 31-337 2104; mobile: 46 705-472 104; patrik.stenberg@skf.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/skf/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting c3512637The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.03,0.05,0.92,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'PR Newswire APAC', 'Notice', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Hans Stråberg', 'Håkan Buskhe', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Performance Share Programme', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'deputy Board members', 'postal voting form', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'deputy members', 'general meetings', 'executive remuneration', 'audit report', 'postal votes', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'The Board', 'GÖTEBORG', 'physical presence', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'special form', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'record date', '2 Hock Goh', 'Colleen Repplier', 'Geert Follens', 'Susanna Schneeberger', 'Rickard Gustafson', 'revised principles', 'Martin Jonasson', 'Andra AP-fonden', 'Emilie Westholm', 'Computershare AB', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', 'AB SKF', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', ""Directors' proposal"", ""shareholders' register"", 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Covid', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'results', 'heading', 'address', 'President', 'auditor', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'Friday', 'intention', 'shares', 'name', 'trustee', 'order', 're-registration', 'purpose', 'production', 'wish', 'advance', 'procedures', 'notification', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'approval', 'Consideration', 'Presentation', 'Group', 'Matter', 'adoption', 'distribution', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'number', 'fee', 'item', 'Folksam', '8.', '5']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,en.prnasia.com
115,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-02/55330450-summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab-publ-008.htm,Summons to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Castellum AB (publ),"The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum AB - postal voting"" in the subject line).Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021.15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023.","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556475-5550  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  March 31  2022 at 5 pm in RunAn  Chalmers Kårhus  Chalmersplatsen 1  Gothenburg. The entrance opens at 4.30 pm.In order to minimize the risk of spreading the coronavirus  the Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with temporary legislation. As further precautionary measures  Castellum has decided that no beverages or food will be served and that certain restrictions will be made as to the attendance of non-shareholders. Castellum would like to encourage shareholders to consider whether to attend the meeting in person  but instead use the opportunity to vote by post or participate by proxy. Castellum is monitoring the development and will  if necessary  update the information.Notification etc.Attend the meeting venue in personA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022 (preferably before 4 pm ). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum AB (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone +46 8-401 43 76  or through the company's website www.castellum.com. The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorization document must be attached.Participation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022 ; and; and give notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022   by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum AB - postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  March 25  2022. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorization document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Wednesday  March 23  2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  March 25  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report  the Board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's office at Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the company's annual report on March 7  2022. The auditor's statement according to item 6 b)  the Board's proposal and motivated satement in accordance with item 8  as well as other proposals regarding item 10 and items 17-19 will be available at the company's office and on the company's website no later than March 10  2022. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Election Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  information regarding the proposed Board members  motivated statement concerning the Election Committee's proposal regarding the Board and report on the Election Committee's work can be found on the company's website.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the company and on the company's website. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Number of shares and votesAt the date of this summons  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the company  of which the company holds 5 712 000 own shares.Items1. Election of Chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution regarding the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution regarding the record days for distribution of dividend.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Election Committee's report on its proposals regarding resolutions at the Annual General Meeting and the Election Committee's motivated statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.(a)Per Berggren (Chairman)(b)Anna Kinberg Batra(c) Anna-Karin Celsing(d) Joacim Sjöberg(e) Rutger Arnhult(f) Henrik Käll (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.17. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management.18. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues.19. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to acquire and transfer the company's own shares.Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 8The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.60 per share  distributed to the shareholders in four equal payments of SEK 1.90 per share. As record days for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday  April 4  2022  Thursday  June 30  2022  Friday  September 30  2022 and Friday  December 30  2022. The dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on the third banking day after each record date.Item 10The Board of Directors proposes two new subparagraphs in § 9 of the Articles of Association with the following wording.The Board of Directors may decide before a general meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the general meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors may resolve that a person who is not a shareholder of the company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to be present or otherwise follow the proceedings at the general meeting.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association should be amended with the following wording.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021. The Election Committee consists of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chairman of the Election Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Patrik Essehorn appointed by Corem Property Group  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning  Ilija Batljan appointed by Ilija Batljan Invest and Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Election Committee has made the following proposals:I. 12 The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of six members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.I. 13 Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2021 remuneration within brackets).The Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 075 000 (SEK 1 015 000).Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 440 000 (SEK 425 000).Chairman of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000).Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000).Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 200 000).Each of the other members of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 100 000).It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid as per approved accounts.I. 14 The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna Kinberg Batra  Anna-Karin Celsing  Joacim Sjöberg and Rutger Arnhult are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Christina Karlsson Kazeem and Zdravko Markovski have declined re-election. Further  Henrik Käll is proposed to be elected as new Board member. Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board.Henrik Käll  born in 1967  has a great understanding of the capital market and  particularly  the interest rate market  as he has worked in various leading positions in banking and finance both in Stockholm and London  including as Global Head of Markets Sales & Distribution at Nordea Markets covering all types of assets such as interest rates  shares  currencies and derivatives  whereby he was also a member of the Nordea Group's Risk and Product Committee.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the company's website  www.castellum.com.I. 15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. If the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Deloitte has announced that Harald Jagner will continue as the main responsible auditor at Deloitte.Item 16The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to section 8 subsection 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 17The Board of Directors' proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to the members of the executive management is proposed to apply until further notice. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal mainly entails a partly amended decision-making procedure for variable remuneration  that the share price based three-year incentive program is adopted every year instead of every third year and amounts to one third of the previous maximum remuneration  as well as that the reinvestment requirement related to the one-year profit based incentive program is removed. The guidelines includes the following key considerations.The level of remuneration shall correspond to the conditions of the market and be competitive. A fixed salary shall be paid for work performed in a satisfactory manner. Pension terms shall correspond to general market practice and shall be based on pension schemes with fixed charges. In addition to the fixed salary  variable remuneration may be offered within the scope of a profit and share price based incentive program. Such variable remuneration should aim to create long term value  and strengthen the sustainability work  within the group. Total variable remuneration per year may not exceed the fixed annual remuneration. The profit and share price based incentive program consists of two parts  a one-year remuneration based on growth in income from property management per share and the development of individually determined factors  as well as a three-year remuneration based on to what extent established objectives in respect of the development of the share price have been achieved over a three-year period. Each year  the Board of Directors may decide to adopt a program that contains both parts. The program's structure shall be based on the objective to align the interests of the group executive management with the interests of the shareholders by way of the group executive management also being shareholders of Castellum and by increasing the share of the total remuneration which is connected to the development of the group. Hence  the performance targets under the profit and share price based incentive program are clearly linked to Castellum's business strategy and long term interests  including its sustainability work  among others by linking the remuneration to the development of shareholder value and by promoting the executive member's long term personal development. Variable remuneration shall be paid as salary  includes payment for vacation and shall not be pension qualifying income unless required by mandatory collective agreement. In the event that the remuneration to the executive member is pension qualifying income in accordance with mandatory collective agreement provisions  necessary adjustment shall be made of the remuneration so that cost neutrality is achieved for the company. The participants shall undertake to purchase Castellum shares for at least half of the amount of the share price based remuneration received  after deduction for tax.The notice period shall  upon termination by the company  not exceed six months in respect of the Managing Director  and twelve months in respect of any other member of the executive management of the company. The notice period shall  upon termination by the Managing Director or by any other member of the executive management of the company  be six months. During the notice period full salary will be paid and other benefits will be provided to the employee  with deduction for salary and other remuneration received from another employment or business during the notice period. Such deduction shall not be made in respect of the Managing Director. A severance pay  corresponding to twelve fixed monthly salaries  shall be paid to the Managing Director upon termination by the company. Such severance pay shall not be reduced due to other income received by the Managing Director.The guidelines applies to executive members of the group executive management in Castellum. The Board of Directors has the right to reclaim variable remuneration that has been paid on the basis of information that later has turned out to be inaccurate and provided with a deceptive intention. Further  the Board of Directors shall have the right to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability work.Item 18The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corresponding to maximum ten per cent of the company's share capital may be issued. Further  the proposal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscription  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to enable the company to  completely or partially  finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Item 19The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the company's own shares provided that the company after each acquisition will not hold more than ten per cent of all the shares in the company  and to transfer all of the company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The objective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the company to adapt its capital structure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and to transfer own shares as payment  or in order to finance  real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses. This objective does not allow the company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to acquire and transfer own shares requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.MiscellaneousAt the Annual General Meeting  shareholders are entitled to ask questions to the Board of Directors and the Managing Director in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they considers that it may be done without significant harm to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2022CASTELLUM AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors Castellum AB  +46 705 53 80 48Rutger Arnhult  Managing Director Castellum AB  +46 704 58 24 70About CastellumCastellum is one of the largest commercial listed property companies in the Nordic region that develops flexible workplaces and smart logistics solutions. As of 31 December 2021  the property value totalled approximately SEK 176 billion  including ownership share in the Norwegian company Entra ASA. We are active in attractive Swedish growth regions as well as in Copenhagen and the Helsinki area. One of our sustainability goals is to become entirely climate neutral by 2030 at the latest. Castellum is the only Nordic property and construction company elected to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI). The Castellum share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap.Beyond expectations.www.castellum.seThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/castellum/r/summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab--publ- c3511239The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.11,0.79,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum AB', 'Summons', 'shareholders', 'other corresponding authorization document', 'Chalmers Kårhus', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'state name/business name', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'annual accounts', 'telephone number', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'postal vote', 'temporary legislation', 'precautionary measures', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Castellum AB', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'audit report', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Thursday', 'March', 'RunAn', 'Chalmersplatsen', 'entrance', 'order', 'risk', 'coronavirus', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'beverages', 'food', 'restrictions', 'attendance', 'opportunity', 'proxy', 'development', 'information', 'Notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'website', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'Documentation', 'remuneratio', '5', '4.30', '101']",2022-02-05,2022-02-24,finanznachrichten.de
116,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-102200473.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting,GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7.The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting.,"GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the general meeting should be held without physical presence by inviting the shareholders to exercise their voting rights only by postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. There will be no meeting with a possibility to attend physically or by proxy; hence  the meeting will be held without physical presence.Information on the resolutions adopted by the general meeting will be published on 24 March 2022 as soon as the results of the postal vote has been finalized. For further information  see the heading ""Postal voting"" below.An address from the President and an address from the auditor will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  latest by 22 March 2022.Preconditions for participationFor the right to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders must be recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  16 March 2022 and must notify its intention to participate to the company at the latest on 23 March 2022 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal voting is received by the company through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must have the shares registered temporarily in their own name in order to take part in the Annual General Meeting. Any such re-registration for the purpose of establishing voting rights made by the trustee latest by 18 March 2022 are taken into account in the production of the share register. This means that the shareholder should give notice of his/her wish to be included in the shareholders' register to the trustee well in advance  in accordance with the trustee's procedures.Story continuesPostal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on www.skf.com. The postal voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. The form may be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 771-24 64 00.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting2. Election of a Chairman for the Annual General Meeting3. Election of persons to verify the minutes4. Drawing up and approval of the voting list5. Approval of agenda6. Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and audit report for the Group8. Matter of adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the Group9. Resolution regarding distribution of profits and record date10. Matter of discharge of the Board members and the Presidents from liability11. Determination of number of Board members and deputy members12. Determination of fee for the Board members13. Election of Board members and deputy Board membersThe Nomination Committee's proposal for Board members:13.1 Hans Stråberg13.2 Hock Goh13.3 Colleen Repplier13.4 Geert Follens13.5 Håkan Buskhe13.6 Susanna Schneeberger13.7 Rickard Gustafson14. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors15. The Board of Director's proposal for a resolution on revised principles of executive remuneration16. The Board of Directors' remuneration report17. The Board of Directors' proposal for a resolution on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022Proposal under item 3Martin Jonasson (Andra AP-fonden) and Emilie Westholm (Folksam)  or if one or both of them are prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board  are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the Meeting together with the Chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the Meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 4The voting list proposed for approval under point 4 on the agenda  is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the company  based on the Meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 9The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.00 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Monday  28 March 2022 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Thursday  31 March 2022.Proposals under items 2  11  12  13 and 14The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chairman of the Board of Directors  representatives of FAM  AFA Försäkring  Skandia and Swedbank Robur Fonder  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the votes of the total number of company shares. The Nomination Committee has informed the company about the following proposal:Item 2 - that Sven Unger  or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting;Item 11 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members and no deputy members;Item 12 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:a. An allotment of SEK 2 530 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 825 000 to each of the other Board members; andb. an allotment of SEK 285 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  with SEK 210 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  with SEK 165 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and with SEK 130 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee;Item 13 - re-election of the Board members Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Colleen Repplier  Geert Follens  Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger and Rickard Gustafson.A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website www.skf.com. Barb Samardzich has declined re-election at the Annual General Meeting 2022.Item 14 - that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Proposal under item 15The Board of Directors has decided to submit the following revised principles of remuneration for SKF's Group Management (executive remuneration) to the Annual General Meeting. The main contents of the proposal are stated below. The Board of Director's complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.The Board of Director's proposal for revised principles of remuneration are in all material respects similar to the previous version with a clarification of the criteria for variable salary. Furthermore  a criterion promoting the SKF Group's sustainability targets  which can be independent of the financial performance of the SKF Group  has been added.Group Management is defined as the President and the other members of the management team.The Board of Directors' proposal is that the remuneration of Group Management members shall be based on market competitive conditions and at the same time support the shareholders' best interests. The total remuneration package for a Group Management member shall consist of fixed salary  variable salary  pension benefits  conditions for notice of termination and severance pay  and other benefits such as a company car. The objective of the principles of remuneration is to ensure that the SKF Group can attract and retain the best people in order to promote the SKF Group's mission and business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability.The fixed salary shall be at a market competitive level. Competence  responsibility  experience and performance shall be taken into account when the fixed salary is established.The variable salary shall run according to a performance-based programme. The programme shall have predetermined and measurable criteria which can be both financial and non-financial and which contribute to the company's long-term and sustainable development. The criteria shall primarily be based on the annual financial performance of the SKF Group  such as financial result  growth and capital efficiency and shall promote sustainability targets of the SKF Group. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable salary shall be measured over a period of one year. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable salary has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended  and the maximum variable salary is capped at a certain percentage of the fixed accumulated annual salary varying between 50 and 70 %. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable salary to the President. For variable salary to other executives  the President is responsible for the evaluation. For financial targets  the evaluation shall be based on financial information made public by the SKF Group.SKF shall strive to establish pension plans based on defined contribution models.A Group Management member may terminate his/her employment by giving six months' notice. In the event of termination of employment at the request of the company  employment shall according to the agreement cease immediately. A severance payment related to the number of years' service shall  however  in this case be paid out  provided that it shall always be maximized to two years' fixed salary.The principles of remuneration for Group Management shall be presented by the Remuneration Committee to the Board of Directors that  at least every fourth year  shall submit a proposal for such principles to the Annual General Meeting for approval. The principles of remuneration shall be valid until new principles have been adopted by the Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to derogate from the principles of remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability.Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.Proposal under item 17The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes  in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2022 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The programme is proposed to cover not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines.Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted to not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the Group. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  and to the SKF Group's carbon neutral net zero 2030 objective. TVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.90 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the level of TVA increase. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  for the TVA development for the financial years 2022-2024 compared to the financial year 2021. After the expiry of the financial year 2024 a comparison is made between the average TVA for the financial years 2022-2024 and TVA for the financial year 2021. The TVA change is expressed as a percentage. In order for allocation of shares to take place the TVA increase must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded.10 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the reduction of CO 2 emissions. The SKF Group net zero 2030 objective is related to the SKF Group's ambition to become carbon neutral year 2030 (the net zero 2030 objective). The target is based on a CO 2 emission reduction trajectory for the operations defined by the net zero 2030 objective with 2021's emissions as a starting point. After the expiry of the financial year 2024  a comparison will be made of the level of CO 2 reduction achieved during the programme period and the net zero 2030 objective trajectory. If the trajectory reduction level is met or exceeded full allotment is awarded  i.e. 10 % of the total maximum allotment under the programme. If the reduction does not meet the trajectory level  no allotment is awarded in relation to this part of the programme.Provided that the TVA increase reaches the target level  and that the net zero 2030 objective target is met  the participants of the programme may be allotted the following maximum number of shares per person within the various key groups:CEO and President - 36 500 sharesOther members of Group Management - 13 000 sharesManagers of large business units and similar - 4 500 sharesOther senior managers - 3 000 sharesOther key persons - 1 250 sharesIf the TVA increase exceeds the threshold level for allotment of shares but the final allotment is below 5% of the target level  payment will be made in cash instead of shares  whereupon the amount of the cash payment shall correspond to the value of the shares calculated on the basis of the closing price for SKF's B share the day before settlement.Allotment of shares requires that the persons covered by the programme are employed in the SKF Group during the entire calculation period. If all the conditions included in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 are met  allotment of shares shall be made free of charge following the expiry of the three year calculation period  i.e. during 2025.Before the number of shares to be allotted is finally determined  the Board shall examine whether the allotment is reasonable considering SKF's financial results and position  the conditions on the stock market as well as other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board  reduce the number of shares to be awarded to the lower number of shares deemed appropriate by the Board.The Board is furthermore entitled to introduce an alternative incentive solution for employees in countries where participation in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 is not appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall  as far as practicable  be formulated employing the same conditions as SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The company has 455 351 068 shares in issue when this notice is issued. In order to comply with the obligations of SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022  a maximum number of 1 000 000 B shares are required  corresponding to approximately 0.2% of the total number of outstanding shares.Assuming maximum allocation under the Performance Share Programme 2022 and a share price of SEK 184  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 221. On the basis of a share price of SEK 280  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 336. In addition  the administrative costs are estimated at approximately MSEK 2.The Board does not propose for the time being to take any action to hedge SKF's obligations under the programme. Delivery of shares under the programme shall not take place until 2025.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 29 403 933 series A shares and 425 947 135 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 998 646.5. The company holds no own shares.The annual report  the audit report  statements of the Board of Directors and the auditor  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and complete proposals according to item 15 and 17 of the agenda together with the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement will be available at the company's headquarters at Sven Wingquists gata 2  415 50 Gothenburg  and at the company's website  www.skf.com  no later than from 3 March 2022 and will be sent to shareholders who request this and state their address. The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters. Further  the share register of the meeting will be available at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and the company's relationship to other group companies. A request for such information shall be made in writing no later than ten days before the meeting  i.e. latest by 14 March 2022  to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: chairman@skf.com. The information will be made available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and at the company's headquarters on 19 March 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.SKF's web-based financial report in English will be made public on 2 March 2022.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 771 24 64 00.Gothenburg in February 2022Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting. The personal data is processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. For complete information on the company's processing of your personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting and your rights  see SKF's website www.skf.com under the heading ""About AGM"" (which is located under the section ""Investors"" and ""Corporate Governance"").CONTACT:PRESS: Carl Bjernstam  Group Communicationtel: 46 31-337 2517; mobile: 46 722-201 893; e-mail: carl.bjernstam@skf.comINVESTOR RELATIONS: Patrik Stenberg  Head of Investor Relationstel: 46 31-337 2104; mobile: 46 705-472 104; patrik.stenberg@skf.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/skf/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting c3512637The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/637/3512637/1539597.pdf 20220223 Notice of Annual General Meeting https://news.cision.com/skf/i/dji-0735-fix c3015885 DJI 0735 fixCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-301488418.htmlSOURCE SKF",neutral,0.06,0.9,0.04,negative,0.03,0.05,0.92,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Hans Stråberg', 'Håkan Buskhe', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Performance Share Programme', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'deputy Board members', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'postal voting form', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'deputy members', 'general meetings', 'executive remuneration', 'audit report', 'postal votes', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'The Board', 'GÖTEBORG', 'physical presence', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'special form', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'record date', '2 Hock Goh', 'Colleen Repplier', 'Geert Follens', 'Susanna Schneeberger', 'Rickard Gustafson', 'revised principles', 'Martin Jonasson', 'Andra AP-fonden', 'Emilie Westholm', 'Computershare AB', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', 'AB SKF', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', ""Directors' proposal"", ""shareholders' register"", 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Covid', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'results', 'heading', 'address', 'President', 'auditor', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'Friday', 'intention', 'shares', 'name', 'trustee', 'order', 're-registration', 'purpose', 'production', 'wish', 'advance', 'procedures', 'Story', 'notification', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'approval', 'Consideration', 'Presentation', 'Group', 'Matter', 'adoption', 'distribution', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'number', 'fee', 'item', 'Folksam', '46', '8.', '5']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
117,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Cut Russia off SWIFT and Euroclear! #RussiaUkraineConflict,nan,Cut Russia off SWIFT and Euroclear! #RussiaUkraineConflict,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,negative,0.0,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['Russia', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear', 'Russia', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
118,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Even Euroclear no go free receive any transaction from Russian banks  Russia just becomes a country that brags abou… https://t.co/3UktVeu7PV,nan,Even Euroclear no go free receive any transaction from Russian banks  Russia just becomes a country that brags abou… https://t.co/3UktVeu7PV,negative,0.01,0.0,0.99,negative,0.01,0.0,0.99,True,English,"['Russian banks', 'Euroclear', 'transaction', 'country', 'UktVeu7PV', 'Russian banks', 'Euroclear', 'transaction', 'country', 'UktVeu7PV']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,Unknown
119,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@JosepBorrellF Full Sanctions from all.BanksImports/ExportsEuroclear/NSD/SWIFTAll custodians and prime brokers… https://t.co/FeKCVskxWn,nan,@JosepBorrellF Full Sanctions from all.BanksImports/ExportsEuroclear/NSD/SWIFTAll custodians and prime brokers… https://t.co/FeKCVskxWn,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,neutral,0.24,0.75,0.01,True,English,"['JosepBorrellF Full Sanctions', 'prime brokers', 'Banks', 'Imports/Exports', 'Euroclear/NSD/SWIFT', 'custodians', 'FeKCVskxWn', 'JosepBorrellF Full Sanctions', 'prime brokers', 'Banks', 'Imports/Exports', 'Euroclear/NSD/SWIFT', 'custodians', 'FeKCVskxWn']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,Unknown
120,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fed capital policy puts community development aid out of some banks' reach #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/r369E9vrbv #regtech,nan,Fed capital policy puts community development aid out of some banks' reach #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/r369E9vrbv #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Fed capital policy', 'community development aid', 'banks', 'Fintech', 'r369E9vrbv', 'regtech', 'Fed capital policy', 'community development aid', 'banks', 'Fintech', 'r369E9vrbv', 'regtech']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,Unknown
121,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A banker goes a-banking  volume 7: the grateful dead #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/m050R9GF7C #regtech,nan,A banker goes a-banking  volume 7: the grateful dead #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/m050R9GF7C #regtech,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['banker', 'banking', 'Fintech', 'm050R9GF7C', 'regtech', 'banker', 'banking', 'Fintech', 'm050R9GF7C', 'regtech']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,Unknown
122,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fintech momentum is growing in Cyprus  but challenges must be resolved #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oqkX0Nans5 #regtech,nan,Fintech momentum is growing in Cyprus  but challenges must be resolved #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oqkX0Nans5 #regtech,neutral,0.14,0.81,0.05,neutral,0.14,0.81,0.05,True,English,"['Fintech momentum', 'Cyprus', 'challenges', 'oqkX0Nans5', 'regtech', 'Fintech momentum', 'Cyprus', 'challenges', 'oqkX0Nans5', 'regtech']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,Unknown
123,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-extraordinary-general-meeting-bbs-104500665.html,Invitation to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes OyjBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes  Company announcement  24th February 2022 at 12:45 p.m.DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www.The personal data given to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc by the shareholders is used only in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc has on the date of this invitation February 24th 2022  a total of 6 981 525 shares.,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes OyjBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes  Company announcement  24th February 2022 at 12:45 p.m.The shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company  which will be held at the company's premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  Thursday  March 17  2022 at 2:00 p.m.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will begin at 3.30 p.m.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE GENERAL MEETINGOpening of the meeting Election of the Chairman and the Secretary Election of minutes' inspectors and vote count supervisors Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Authorizing the Board to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that it decides to authorize the Board of Directors to decide in one or more instalments on share issues and on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorization shall not exceed 6 000 000 shares .The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions for issuing shares  options and other special rights entitling to shares. Share issues and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may take place in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if there is a weighty financial reason for the company to do so. The authorization applies to the transfer of both new shares and own shares held by the company.In the company's share issue  shares may be transferred either in exchange for payment or free of charge. A directed share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly significant financial reason for the company and it is in the interests of all its shareholders.Story continuesThe authorization is valid until June 30  2023 and it revokes the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on April 28  2021 as it enters into force.Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www. bbs-artebone.fi. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website latest by March 31st 2022.C: INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEETING PARTICIPANTS1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting  March 7th 2022  has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the Extraordinary General Meeting by e-mail to ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. Registration must be completed no later than March 14th 2022 at 10.00 a.m.In connection with the registration  the shareholder's name  personal identity code or Business ID  address  telephone number and the identity of any assistant must be provided. The personal data given to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc by the shareholders is used only in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.If necessary  the shareholder  his/her representative or representative shall be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesThe shareholder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting by means of such shares  based on which he/she on March 7th 2022 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  at the latest on March 14th  2022 at 10:00 a.m. In the case of shares subscribed in the Temporary Register  this is considered to be registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to promptly ask his/her trustee for the necessary instructions on how to register in the company's temporary shareholders' register  issuing proxy documents and registering for the Extraordinary General Meeting without delay. The account manager of the trustee shall register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting in the temporary shareholders' register of the company by the aforementioned date at the latest.3. Shares registered in Euroclear Sweden ABA shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall be registered in the list of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by March 7th 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  the holder of nominee registered shares must request that his/her shares be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and ensure that the trustee sends the above-mentioned temporary registration request to Euroclear Sweden AB. Registration must be made no later than 7 March 2022  and therefore a request must be made to the trustee well in advance of that date.A shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd . The request to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc must be made in writing to e-mail address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi no later than 10:00 Swedish time (CET) on March 8th 2022. Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.4. Use of an agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The agent of a shareholder shall present his/her identity and dated proxy document or otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting through several agents representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each agent represents the shareholder shall be reported in connection with the registration. Possible proxy documents should be delivered by ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu by March 14th 2022 at 10:00 a.m. Registration by letter must be received before the end of the above registration period.5. Other instructions and informationA shareholder present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to ask questions on matters to be discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The meeting will be held in Finnish.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc has on the date of this invitation February 24th 2022  a total of 6 981 525 shares. Each share generates one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Oulu  February 24th 2022BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +358 40 7080307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiLiisa Hukka  CFO tel. +358 40 0611038  e-mail: liisa.hukka@bbs-artebone.fiApproved adviser:Nordic Certified Advisers AB  puh +46 70 5516 729DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.Nasdaq Stockholm ABKey mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiThis is information that BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is obliged to disclose in accordance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication through a representative of the aforementioned contact person on 24 February 2022 at 12.45 (UCT).BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes is a health technology company that started operations in 2003. We have developed a new product for the treatment of severe bone fractures and lumber problems. Our goal is to provide a new generation of medical products for the treatment of bone damage in orthopaedic surgery. In the pharmaceutical sector  development and research requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have evidence of this for over 20 years. Our activities are characterised by top expertise  innovation and employees who are enthusiastic and committed to their work. The ARTEBONE we have® developed is in the final stages of product development  and we are looking for a CE marking that enables commercialisation in the EU. We are a company in Oulu with a pharmaceutical factory permit in Reisjärvi. More information: www.bbs-artebone. f i,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,mixed,0.59,0.12,0.29,True,English,"['Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Invitation', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'vote count supervisors', 'weighty financial reason', 'significant financial reason', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other special rights', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'personal identity code', 'nominee registered shares', 'directed share issue', ""temporary shareholders' register"", 'personal data', 'account manager', 'Temporary Register', 'directed issue', 'option rights', 'meeting Election', 'share issues', 'meeting venue', '24th February', 'voting tickets', 'Secretary Election', 'maximum number', 'B. DOCUMENTS', 'record date', 'Business ID', 'telephone number', 'related registrations', 'proxy documents', 'March 31st', 'March 7th', 'March 14th', ""minutes' inspectors"", 'necessary instructions', 'trustee sh', 'new shares', 'A. MATTERS', 'Company announcement', 'The Board', '6,000,000 shares', '10.00 a', '10:00 a', 'Oyj', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'Thursday', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'votes', 'issuance', 'Directors', 'instalments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'authorization', 'terms', 'conditions', 'options', 'place', 'deviation', 'transfer', 'exchange', 'payment', 'charge', 'interests', 'Story', 'June', 'April', 'force', 'Closing', 'invitation', 'proposals', 'agenda', 'website', 'www', 'artebone', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'ilmoittautumiset', 'letter', 'connection', 'name', 'address', 'assistant', 'processing', 'representative', 'representation', 'means', 'addition', 'basis', 'case', 'delay', '12:45', '2:00', '3.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
124,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bbs-bioactive-bone-substitutes-plc-102800047.html,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: Financial Statements Review 1.1.-31.12.2021 (unaudited),BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes OyjBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: Financial Statements Review 1.1.-31.12.2021 (unaudited)Financial statement release on February 24th 2022 at 12:27 (CET)BBS- Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc's (“BBS”  “the Company”) Financial Statements Review 1.1.-31.12.2021 (unaudited)Year 2021 in brief (Reference period 2020)In 2021  the company has continued to prepare its first product  Artebone® Paste CE marking application  and to level the production and quality system with regulatory requirements.The company’s financial resources at end of the financial period were EUR 1 2 million .The consolidated result for the review period was EUR -2 77 million (EUR –2 73 million in 2020) consisting of expenses for research and development  administration and finance.Balance sheetThe balance sheet total on December 31st 2021 was EUR 10 51 million (EUR 12 69 million in 2020).The company’s financial resources at end of the financial period were EUR 1 2 million .,"BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes OyjBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc: Financial Statements Review 1.1.-31.12.2021 (unaudited)Financial statement release on February 24th 2022 at 12:27 (CET)BBS- Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc's (“BBS”  “the Company”) Financial Statements Review 1.1.-31.12.2021 (unaudited)Year 2021 in brief (Reference period 2020)In 2021  the company has continued to prepare its first product  Artebone® Paste CE marking application  and to level the production and quality system with regulatory requirements.The company has invested significantly in production and quality assurance equipment and facilities and has recruited additional personnel for production and quality in accordance with the requirements of the CE marking process.The new MDR regulatory requirements have been responded to by producing a significant amount of new documentation during the year.The production process claims of the BBS patent application 'A METHOD FOR PREPARING A BONE PROTEIN PREPARATION AND A BONE PROTEIN PREPARATION' were accepted in the USA.The final report of the animal test required by the authorities was received in September 2021. The results of the experiment confirm the functionality of Artebone® Paste  which contains reindeer bone protein extract  and will make it possible for the company to respond positively to the demands made by the authorities.BBS had no sales revenue during the financial year 2021.Cash flow from operating activities was EUR –2 52 (-2 42) million.BBS's cash and cash equivalents on December 31 st   2021 were EUR 1 24 (3 44) million.In order to secure the working capital BBS-entered into an investment agreement with RiverFort Global Opportunities PCC Ltd for a capital facility of up to EUR 2 0 million with an initial advance of EUR 750 thousand at the end of September.On the same occasion 410 000 shares without consideration were issued to the Company itself for the payment of the RiverFort implementation fee  for potential loan conversions as well as for other possible purposes based on Authorisation given by the AGM April 28th 2021.Story continuesKey Figures Group1 000 € 1.1-31.12.2021 1.1-31.12.2020 Other operating income 58 46 Personnel expenses 1 199 795 Depreciation and Amortisation 231214 Other operating expenses 1 144 1 599 Profit /Loss for the period -2 771 -2 731 The Cash Flow from BusinessOperations -2 520 -2 418 Change in Cash Position -2 202 2 923Equity ratio % 35 % 48 % Earnings per share  EPS € -0 42 -0 46 Earnings per share €  diluted -0 41 -0 45 Number of shares at the end ofperiod (BBS) 6 847 520 6 571 525 Average number of sharesduring the period 6 606 215 5 897 5331 000 € 31.12.2021 31.12.2020 Cash and cash equivalents 1 236 3 438 Own capital 3 634 6 087 Balance sheet total 10 506 12 692Equity Ratio= Equity / (Balance Sheet Total – Advances Received)EPS= Profit(Loss) / Average number of Shares during the PeriodBoard of Directors outlook and guidance for 2022The company's goal is to have the CE marking application submitted to the authorities during the current spring.The regulatory process is expected to progress during the year so that the timetable for the completion of process will be clarified towards the end of the year.Recruitment and training of product development and production personnel will continue.Preparations for commercial operations will begin in autumn 2022. The company initiates sales and marketing measures once the interim responses to the CE marking process from the authorities have been sufficiently positive.The recruitment of marketing staff is being prepared.Preparations for the FDA permit application will continue.No significant sales revenue are expected for the current year.The company's medium-term goals have not changed . The company's expectations aregenerate significant growth in sales as a result of a two-year marketing periodbecome profitable in four years from launchlaunch the product in the USA as well as in several other countriesdevelop new productsachieve partner agreements with market leaders in the fieldThe company’s working capital will not cover the financial needs of the CE approval process and the commencement of the commercial activities . Since spring 2021 the company has taken actions to secure its finance  including the EUR 2 million financial arrangement with Riverfort Global Opportunities PCC Ltd. The company’s financial resources at end of the financial period were EUR 1 2 million . After the end of the financial period  the working capital been has strengthened the by EUR 250 thousand by raising the second advance of the Riverfort arrangement and by signing a EUR 450 thousand loan commitment with Finha Capital Oy . The current working capital available is expected to cover the operative financial needs until the beginning of the second half of FY 2022. Furthermore the Riverfort arrangement enables the raising of furher EUR 1 million with approval of the lender for each advance.The company estimates that the operative expenses for the next 12 months will be EUR 2 5-2 8 million. Additionally the financial expenses and loan repayments will reach EUR 0 7 million. Furthermore the company reserves EUR 0 5 million for the investments in product and process development and production . The amount of investments and expenses depend on the management decisions.To secure the operations  the company is preparing a share issue and calling an extraordinary shareholders meeting to decide on the matter to conveine on March 17th 2022. The company believes to raise the sufficient funds with the share issue.Invitation to the Meeting will be published today in connection with the Release of the unaudited Financial Statements for FY 2021.FINANCIAL REVIEWBusiness overviewBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc (""BBS""  ""The Company"") is a biomedical technology company that develops  manufactures and commercializes innovative  bioactive medical devices and implants for orthopaedic surgery. The company's administration and quality control laboratory are located in Oulu and a production facility in Reisjärvi. The company is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market  operated in Finland by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (BONEH) and in Sweden by Nasdaq Stockholm (BONES).In 2021  the company has continued to prepare its first product  Artebone® Paste  CE marking application  and to level the production and quality system with regulatory requirements. The company has invested significantly in production and quality assurance equipment and facilities and has hired additional personnel for production and quality. Staff training has been invested in ensuring the compliance of quality system operations and production processes.The new MDR regulatory requirements have been responded to by producing a significant amount of new documentation during the year.BBS’s patent application ”A METHOD FOR PREPARING A BONE PROTEIN PREPARATION AND A BONE PROTEIN PREPARATION” production claims were approved in USA.The final report of the animal test required by the authorities was received in September 2021. The results of the experiment confirm the functionality of Artebone® Paste  which contains reindeer bone protein extract  and make it possible for the company to respond positively to the demands made by the authorities. According to the final report  Artebone® Paste causes the bone to heal faster than the control (ceramic and extract alone).The animal test was carried out at the request of the authorities to supplement the documentation of the CE marking application. The aim of the experiment was to demonstrate that Artebone® Paste can be classified as a medical device and that its efficacy is at an acceptable level.The company's management previously estimated that the Company will receive a CE marking for the ARTEBONE® product it has developed to repair bone fractures and bone damage during 2021. The timetable had to be revised three times during the year due to problems caused by equipment renewal  repair needs and delays caused by service providers and suppliers. By the end of the year  most of the causes of the delays have been eliminated. The introduction of the new Medical Devices Regulation (MDR)  which is under way in Europe  has increased new regulatory guidelines to be followed during the year  which has contributed to further changes to existing documentation.In general terms  the Covid-19 pandemic has caused delays and made the operating environment more difficult.With regard to the submission of a marketing authorisation application to the U.S. regulatory authority (FDA) targeting the local market  the measures have not progressed significantly during the fiscal year. The company expects to continue preparing an application for the FDA following the submission of the CE-marking application to the European market.FINANCIAL OVERVIEWOperating result and R&D expensesBBS Plc had no revenue during the financial year 2021  nor in the corresponding period of the previous year. The consolidated result for the review period was EUR -2 77 million (EUR –2 73 million in 2020) consisting of expenses for research and development  administration and finance.Investments and FinancingThe capital expenditure on machinery and equipment at Reisjärvi production site amounted to EUR 125 thousand (EUR 82 thousand in 2020). All the development expenses were recognised as costs in the Profit and Loss statement.The Company’s cash resources at December 31st 2021 were EUR 1 24 million (EUR 3 44 million in 2020) and decreased by EUR 2 2 million during the period (as increased by EUR 2 92 million in 2020)In order to secure the working capital BBS-entered into an investment agreement with RiverFort Global Opportunities PCC Ltd for a capital facility of up to EUR 2 0 million with an initial advance of EUR 750 thousand The facility enables the Company to request further capital advances up to EUR 1 25 million.Acquisitions and Share IssuesThere were no mergers or acquisitions during the financial year.On September 30th 2021 the Company's Board of Directors decided to issue 410 000 shares without consideration to the Company itself based on the authorisation by the Annual General Shareholders Meeting on April 28th 2021. The amount corresponds to approximately 6% of the company's shares.The treasury shares were aimed for payment of the implementation fee of the Riverfort financial arrangement  potential loan conversions as well as for other possible purposes in accordance with the autorisation by the AMG on April 28th 2021.The first EUR 250 thousand of Riverfort Global Opportunities PCC Ltd's capital facility was converted into shares in November at a subscription price of EUR 1 8656 per share. The Conversion price according to the terms and conditions was based on the “90% of the lowest volume weighted average price of a trading day during ten trading days before the applicable subscription notice“-option. The conversion was executed by transferring a total of 134.005 of treasury shares to Riverfort Global Opportunities PCC Ltd. Another 32 359 units of treasury shares were transferred to settle the fee for the Initial Advance iat the price of EUR 2.086 per share.As the share issue was registered on October 6th 2021  the total number of the company's shares was increased to 6 981 525. After the transfers   there were 243 636 treasury shares left   representing a 3 5% share of the total.Balance sheetThe balance sheet total on December 31st 2021 was EUR 10 51 million (EUR 12 69 million in 2020).At the end of the review period the interest-bearing debts to financial institutions amounted to EUR 6 21 million (EUR 6 01 million in 2020)  out of which - including the EUR 0 50 million arrangement with Riverfort - EUR 1 08 million (0 31) were due in 12 months and EUR 2 40 million (2 14) after five years or later.The long-term interest-bearing debts include a subordinated Capital Loan worth EUR 0 176 million (0 176). The financing costs were EUR -0 20 million (- 0 085) million in 2020).During December 2021 the Company renegotiated the repayment plans for development and working capital loans worth EUR 578 680  1 434 386 and  2 732 000 . According to the renewed agreements the loan repayment periods were extended and the repayment of EUR 578 680 were postponed for two years starting in June 2024. The arrangement will reduce the burden of outbound financial cashflow in the coming few yearsDuring the review period no further development costs were recognised as investments into the balance sheet.The Capital Loans and Accrued InterestThe company has a Capital Loan of EUR 175 825 46 pursuant to Chapter 12 of the Limited Liabilities Company Act.The Loan will be paid back in equal instalments in three years starting in year 2009  if conditions are met. The interest on Loan is one percentage unit lower than the basic interest rate currently in force  however at least three percent. If payment conditions are not met  the interest will be postponed for payment to the first annual closing meeting the conditions.At the end of the financial year the accrued interest not recognised as expense was EUR 91 087 35.EquityThe Company’s equity on December 31st 2021 was EUR 3 63 million. At closing of the financial year 2020 the equity amounted to EUR 6 10 million. During the review period of 2021 the conversion of 166 364 treasury shares increased the equity by EUR 0 32 million.The losses of the financial year were EUR -2 77 million. ( EUR -2 73 million in 2020)Staff  management and administrationAt the end of the financial period 2021 the company employed the Managing Director and 20 staff members (16 in 2020) . Four new professionals were recruited as production resources were strengthened. 15 members of the staff work in the Reisjärvi production site and another six are placed in Oulu. The average number of personnel during the year was 19 ( 12 in 2020)Chairman of the Board Jarmo Halonen  Mr.Pekka Jalovaara and Mr.Seppo Nevalainen belonged to the BBS Board of Directors for the whole review period. Mr. Tomi Numminen left his seat at the Annual Shareholders Meeting on April 28th as Mr.Kirk Andriano was appointed as a new member. There are two independent members in the BBS Board.The BBS Management consisted of the Managing Director Ilkka Kangasniemi  COO Hanna Tölli  The Quality and Assurance Manager Soile Hakala and The Manager of Quality Control Laboratory Mikko Viitanen. CFO Liisa Hukka joined the Management Team on February 1st as previous CFO Hannu Säynäjäkangas retired.Ernst&Young Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  acted as the auditor of the company having Mr. Jari Karppinen (Auditor certified by the Central Chamber of Commerce) as the auditor with principal responsibility.Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2021BBS’s AGM was held on April 28th 2021 in Oulu. The AGM approved the financial statements for the financial year 2020 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability. The AGM decided in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that no dividend is paid for the financial year January 1st 2020 - 31 December 2020  and that the loss for the financial year is recognised in the profit/loss account.The AGM decided that the number of Board members will be four (4). The AGM approved the remuneration of the Board of Directors as follows: The Chairman will be paid EUR 1300 per meeting and the other members EUR 900 each. No compensation on e-meetings will be paid. Additionally the Company will compensate reasonable travel expenses according to the Company’s travel policy.Ernst&Young Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  was re-elected as the auditor of the Company having Mr. Jari Karppinen (Auditor certified by the Central Chamber of Commerce) as the auditor with principal responsibility.Share-based incentive planThe company has an option program approved by the AGM on July 18th 2012. The Board of Directors decided on options on January 2nd 2013 as authorised by the AGM. Last options were allocated to the key personnel in 2013. Each option entitles its holder to subscribe for one share at the price of one euro during the subscription period for ordinary shares  which started April 9th 2013.  On January 9th 2018 the Board of Directors extended the subscription period until December 31st 2023. As the number of new shares in the option program is limited to 170 000 representing only 2 4% of the total  this has no perceptible impact on the earnings or other key figures per shareValid Authorisations by AGMThe Annual General Meeting on April 28th 2021 authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue which may be carried out by increasing the share capital by a new subscription or by taking out convertible bonds in one or more tranches. The right to a directed share issue is not restricted. The authorisation includes the right to deviate from the shareholders' pre-emptive right under the Companies Act to subscribe for new shares or convertible bonds  as well as the right to decide on subscription prices  those entitled to subscribe and subscription terms. The share subscription price will be recorded in the invested unrestricted equity fund.The authorisation may be used against the shareholders pre-emptive rights if there is a compelling financial reason for the company  such as the expansion of the company's shareholder base or other arrangement related to the development of the company's business  an incentive program or arrangements in the capital management. Pursuant to the authorisation  shares may also be offered to members of the company's related parties  but not for the benefit of the related parties  deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right. The Board of Directors has the right to decide that the shares may be given as subscription in kind  using the right of set off  or other specific conditions. The total number of the authorisations were 3 000 000 ( three million ) representing approximately 45% of the company's share capitalThe authorisation is in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until the June 30th 2022.Authorisations worth 410 000 shares were used in October as the company issued the shares for its own posession. The amount of valid authorisations is 2 590 000 representing 37% of the total.Risks and uncertaintiesSignificant risks and uncertainties independent of the Company are identified both in the area of the product development and the commercialising activities. Risks can lead to further postponement  as the authorities have the right to require complements and alterations to the documentation presented. The risk in the product classification lies in the interpretation of the authorities. The decision will be based on the results of the animal testing  which are available .The FDA registration process has been postponed. The matters causing delays in the CE application process have reflected the FDA registration. IOperational risks include  among other things  the dependence on the skills of the key personnel and the measures to strengthen their commitment.On the financial side  the uncertainty in the stock market caused by the Covid19 pandemic is considered a risk. However  as a medical device development and manufacturing company  BBS is more of a long-term investment. The initial R&D phase takes a long time  followed by four to five years of post-launch marketing and growth of sales. Once sales have become profitable  the growth phase with the same product potentially continues for a long period of time.Working CapitalAt the moment the working capital available will not cover the financial needs of the CE approval process and the commencement of the commercial activities . Since spring 2021 the company has taken actions to secure its finance  including the EUR 2 million financial arrangement with Riverfort Global Opportunities PCC Ltd. The company’s financial resources at end of the financial period were EUR 1 2 million . After the end of the financial period  the working capital been has strengthened the by EUR 250 thousand by raising the second advance of the Riverfort arrangement and by signing a EUR 450 thousand loan commitment with Finha Capital Oy . The current working capital available is expected to cover the operative financial needs until the beginning of the second half of FY 2022. Furthermore the Riverfort arrangement enables the raising of furher EUR 1 million with approval of the lender for each advance.The company estimates that the operative expenses for the next 12 months will be EUR 2 5-2 8 million. Additionally the financial expenses and loan repayments will reach EUR 0 7 million . Furthermore the company reserves EUR 0 5 million for the investments in product and process development and production . The amount of investments and expenses depend on the management decisions.To secure the operations  the company is preparing a share issue and calling an extraordinary shareholders meeting to decide on the matter to conveine on March 17th 2022. The company believes to raise the sufficient funds with the share issue.Shares and shareholdersThe market value of BBS at the end of December 2021 was EUR 15 3 million. The closing valuation on December 31st was EUR 2 19 The highest price during the review period was EUR 4 72 and the lowest EUR 1 71 .On December 31st 2021  BBS had 3 926 registered shareholders (3391 in 2020 ). All the shares are of the same series. There were and 6 981 525 registered shares (2020: 6571 525 ) on December 31st 2021. The number of treasury shares was 243 636. Each share is entitled to one vote. The Company’s Board of Directors and the Managing Director as persons and through entities under their control had a total of 577 812 (576 219 ) shares representing 8% of the total shares .The information on insider trading is published on company’s website.170 000 options have been allocated to key personnel  each option entitles to subscribefor one share.The largest shareholders on December 31st 2021 were :Finha Capital (1 060 .938 s.) 15 2%Reisjärvi municipality (700 721 s.) 10.0%Pekka Jalovaara (550 700 s.)  7 9%Irma Halonen (369 276 s.) 5 3%Ahti Paananen (333 379 s.) 4 8%Panvest Oy (305 177 s.) 4 4%Jukka Halonen ( 175 913 s.)  2 5%Euroclear Bank Belgium (175 169 198 s) .2 5%City of Oulu I Ky (130 081 s.). 1 9%Veronika Halonen (129 337 s.) 1 9%The top ten shareholders represent 56% of the total shares and votes of the company.The Consolidated Companies and Other Closely Related PartiesBBS Plc owns 100% of the shares of the subsidiary Bio Bones Ltd. Bio Bones Ltd owns and manages the Company’s property in Reisjärvi. Bio Bones Ltd had no other business.BBS had no shares in any other companies at the end of the review period.The Board of Directors and the Managing Director are considered as the key personnel. The remuneration of the key personnel during the period was EUR 206 thousand ( EUR 242 thousand in 2020 )The related parties of the Company include the members of the Board of Directors and their related parties  as well as the Company's management key personnel and their close associates. In the financial year 2020  there were no related party transactions.Events after the balance sheet dateThe company has raised the second tranche  EUR 250 thousand based on the Riverfort Global Opportunities Plc Financing Arrangement published on September 30th 2021. Following the transaction there is a remaining financial facility of EUR 1 Million available according to the agreement. Furthermore the company has signed a loan commitment agreement from Finha Capital oy for a facility of EUR 450 thousand   enabling raising the capital when needed. The final terms and conditions will be agreed in conjunction with the transaction.Outlook for 2022The company's goal is to submit the CE marking application to the authorities during the current spring.Preparations for commercial operations will begin in autumn 2022.The Board of Directors has prepared a detailed cash flow model that extends to 24 months from the financial statements. The model contains assumptions based on the Government's view of future developments  which are expected to prevail during the forecast period. Based on the model  the Board of Directors assesses the adequacy of the company's cash resources from the perspective of business continuity and the planning of measures.Based of the information available together with the presented and initiated actions for raising finance  the company expects to secure the working capital over the next 12 months   mitigating the working capital risk.However  despite all the actions presented  there remains a level of uncertainty in the sufficiency of the company finance .Dividend proposalThe Board of Directors of BBS proposes that no dividend shall be paid for the financial year 2021 and that the loss EUR -2770914 11 for the financial year is recognised in the profit/loss account.Accounting PoliciesThe financial statements bulletin has been prepared in accordance with the Finnish Accounting Act and the rules of the First North Marketplace. The figures in the financial statements release are unaudited.Financial information 2022BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes’ Annual General Meeting 2022 is tentatively scheduled to be held in Oulu on April 28th  2022 at 2:00 PM. The Board of Directors will later send a separate invitation to the meeting.The Annual Report 2021 will be published on the Company's website in week 13. Half-year report January-June 2022 made available by August 25th 2022.Oulu  February 24th   2022BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc BoardFor more information:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO puh. 040 7080307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiThis is information that BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person set out above on 24 February 2022 at 12:27 (UTC+2:00).BBS – Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is the health technology company operating since 2003. Before that there was a background of seven years of product development in the University of Oulu. We have developed a new product for healing of difficult bone fractures and for solving the problems in bone healing. Our mission is to offer new generation medicinal products for the orthopedic surgery. The research and development in the field of medicine requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have over 20 years of expertise in this. Our operations are characterized bytop expertise  innovativeness and dedicated and committed employees. The ARTEBONE ®product is ready and the application process for the CE marking has been initiated. BBS is the company having its headquarters in Oulu. We have our own production plant located in Reisjärvi and it is approved by FIMEA.More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi .BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc shares are listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden. The company’s Certified Adviser is Nordic Certified Adviser AB  they can be reach on phone +46 70 551 67 29 or e-mail info@certifiedadviser.seDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki Oy Nasdaq Stockholm AB Main Mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiATTACHMENTS:BBS Financial statement release for 2021 Financial Statement December 31  2021 (Signed by the Company  unaudited) Attachment to the Financial Statement Signature Kirk AndrianoAttachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'Financial Statements Review', 'RiverFort Global Opportunities PCC Ltd', 'Artebone® Paste CE marking application', 'EUR 450 thousand loan commitment', 'BBS- Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'reindeer bone protein extract', 'EUR 2 million financial arrangement', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'new MDR regulatory requirements', 'BONE PROTEIN PREPARATION', 'potential loan conversions', 'FDA permit application', 'CE marking process', 'RiverFort implementation fee', 'other possible purposes', 'Key Figures Group', 'several other countries', 'Other operating income', 'Financial Statements Review', 'Financial statement release', 'Finha Capital Oy', '214 Other operating expenses', 'quality assurance equipment', 'Balance Sheet Total', 'CE approval process', 'BBS patent application', 'production process claims', 'operative financial needs', 'two-year marketing period', 'current working capital', 'significant sales revenue', 'Riverfort arrangement', 'regulatory process', 'new documentation', 'operating activities', 'new products', 'financial resources', '46 Personnel expenses', 'significant amount', 'marketing measures', 'marketing staff', 'significant growth', 'capital facility', 'Own capital', 'financial period', 'February 24th', 'quality system', 'additional personnel', 'final report', 'animal test', 'investment agreement', 'same occasion', 'Business Operations', 'Directors outlook', 'commercial operations', 'interim responses', 'medium-term goals', 'four years', 'partner agreements', 'market leaders', 'commercial activities', 'second half', 'financial year', 'current spring', 'Cash flow', 'cash equivalents', 'Cash Position', 'first product', 'initial advance', 'Average number', 'product development', 'current year', 'second advance', 'Reference period', 'production personnel', '599 Profit /Loss', 'Equity Ratio', 'Oyj', 'CET', 'Company', 'brief', 'facilities', 'accordance', 'METHOD', 'authorities', 'September', 'results', 'experiment', 'functionality', 'demands', 'December 31', 'order', 'end', '410,000 shares', 'consideration', 'payment', 'Authorisation', 'AGM', '28th', 'Story', 'Depreciation', 'Amortisation', '418 Change', '48 % Earnings', 'EPS', 'Advances', 'Board', 'guidance', 'timetable', 'completion', 'Recruitment', 'training', 'Preparations', 'autumn', 'expectations', 'launch', 'field', 'commencement', 'actions', 'finance', 'beginning', 'FY', 'raising', 'furher', '12', '2022']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
125,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-301489449.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,"This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives or third parties.Notice of participation is not required to solely be able to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website.A shareholder who has given notice of participation online in the Annual General Meeting has the opportunity to also vote by post according to the instructions under the ""Postal voting"" section below and still participate in the Annual General Meeting online  for example to be able to ask questions.In addition  shareholders participating online may ask questions at the Annual General Meeting through a chat service and may also submit questions in advance by e-mail to [email protected]  for their questions to be answered at the Annual General Meeting.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 18 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 30  2022 at 4.00 p.m. (CEST).Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted online through electronic connection with the shareholders in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations that will enter into force on March 1  2022. This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives or third parties. The shareholders can exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by participating online or by postal voting as instructed below.In order to enable the Annual General Meeting to be held online  the Board of Directors has resolved  in accordance with the temporary law that will enter into force on March 1  2022  that also persons who are not shareholders of the company are entitled to follow the discussions at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders and others will also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 (however  without being able to vote or ask questions). Notice of participation is not required to solely be able to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationOnline participationA person who wishes to participate online in the Annual General Meeting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 22  2022; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 24  2022by telephone +46 8 402 92 79 on weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (CET)   by letter to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   or  orvia the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022The notification must include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the representative. A written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be sent to the company in advance to the address above for receipt by March 28  2022  in order for Euroclear Sweden AB to be able to timely distribute login details. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory  shall be sent to the address stated above.Individual login details and further instructions for participation online will be sent to shareholders and representatives that have given notice of participation online. The instructions for participation online are also available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022. The individual login details will be distributed to shareholders on an ongoing basis  as shareholders give notice of participation  to the address listed in the share register. The individual login details will be distributed to representatives on an ongoing basis  as soon as a valid power of attorney has been received and approved by the company  to the address of the representative stated in the notice of participation. Shareholders may – by registering via the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  verifying their identity through BankID and stating their e-mail address – choose to receive the instructions by e-mail.On the day of the Annual General Meeting  login can take place no earlier than 3.30 p.m. (CEST) and must have taken place no later than 4.00 p.m. (CEST). Login for online participation cannot take place after 4.00 p.m. (CEST). The online participation is administrated by Euroclear Sweden AB and its subcontractor Lumi Global. The meeting ID is 142-928-995. To participate in the Annual General Meeting online  the participant shall go to Lumi Global's website https://web.lumiconnect.com/142-928-995 and enter the unique username and password that have been distributed to those who have given notice of participation.For online participants  the following rules apply (which the participant accepts by choosing to participate online).It will be possible to ask questions online during the Annual General Meeting via a chat service.In order to participate and vote online  a steady network connection is required throughout the Annual General Meeting  and it is the shareholder's or proxy's own responsibility to ensure a steady network connection. It is possible to participate online through a computer  a smartphone or another internet connected device. Electrolux has carefully prepared to enable participation and voting online. However  it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies. Therefore  it is important to note that a shareholder who wants to be certain of being able to vote should choose to vote by post.A shareholder who has given notice of participation online in the Annual General Meeting has the opportunity to also vote by post according to the instructions under the ""Postal voting"" section below and still participate in the Annual General Meeting online  for example to be able to ask questions.Postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 22  2022; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 24  2022  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and will be provided by the company upon request. In case of postal voting only  no separate notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting is required.The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 24  2022. The completed and signed form must be sent by post to AB Electrolux (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to [email protected]. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Thursday  March 24  2022.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.A shareholder who has voted by post may also participate online  provided that notification has been made in accordance with the instructions under the ""Online participation"" section above.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  March 22  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 24  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group.Requests for such information can be made in writing to the company no later than ten days prior to the Annual General Meeting  i.e. no later than March 20  2022  at the address AB Electrolux (publ)  General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at [email protected]. The questions and responses will be made available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  no later than March 25  2022  and at the company's head office  S:t Göransgatan 143 in Stockholm  Sweden on the same date. The information will also be sent to the shareholders who requested it and stated their address.In addition  shareholders participating online may ask questions at the Annual General Meeting through a chat service and may also submit questions in advance by e-mail to [email protected]  for their questions to be answered at the Annual General Meeting. A moderator will sort and categorize questions asked to facilitate for the Chairman of the Meeting and to avoid repetitions. Since it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies  it is important to note that a shareholder who wants to be certain of being able to ask a question should choose to submit written questions in advance  in accordance with the above.Agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Election of two minutes-checkers.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been properly convened.6. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Audit Report for the Group.7. Presentation by the President and CEO  Jonas Samuelson.8. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet.9. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President for 2021.10. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the company's profit pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet and determination of record dates for dividend.11. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors.12. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor.13. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.a) Election of Staffan Bohman as Director. (re-election)b) Election of Petra Hedengran as Director. (re-election)c) Election of Henrik Henriksson as Director. (re-election)d) Election of Ulla Litzén as Director. (re-election)e) Election of Karin Overbeck as Director. (re-election)f) Election of Fredrik Persson as Director. (re-election)g) Election of David Porter as Director. (re-election)h) Election of Jonas Samuelson as Director. (re-election)i) Election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman. (re-election)14. Election of Auditor.15. Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report.16. Resolutions ona) amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association;b) the reduction of the share capital by means of cancellation of repurchased shares; andc) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new shares.17. Resolutions ona) acquisition of own shares;b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andc) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020.18. Resolutions ona) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2022; andb) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2022.19. Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association to allow persons not being shareholders of the company to attend General Meetings of the company  if so resolved by the Board of Directors.20. Closing of the meeting.Item 1 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Thomas Risbecker (AMF – Försäkring och Fonder)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of the company)  proposes:Eva Hägg  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as chairman of the Annual General Meeting or in the event she is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 2 – Election of two minutes-checkersThe Board of Directors proposes Carina Silberg  Alecta  and Anders Oscarsson  AMF – Försäkring och Fonder  or if one or both of them are prevented from participating  the person(s) appointed by the Board of Directors  to check the minutes. The assignment to check the minutes also include checking the voting list and that the received postal votes are correctly reflected in the minutes of the meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the General Meeting share register  received postal votes and persons having logged in for participation in the Annual General Meeting online  as controlled and checked by the persons assigned to check the minutes.Item 10 – Dividend and record datesThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the fiscal year 2021 of SEK 9.20 per share. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments of SEK 4.60 per installment and share  the first with the record date Friday  April 1  2022  and the second with the record date Friday  September 30  2022. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  the first installment of dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 6  2022 and the second installment on Wednesday  October 5  2022.Item 11 – Number of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes:Eight Directors and no Deputy Directors.Item 12 – Fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees as follows to Directors not employed by Electrolux:SEK 2 400 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 700 000 to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting;for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors: SEK 300 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 190 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 175 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 120 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee; andSEK 60 000 to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors to participate in any other committee established by the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee also proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 – Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes:Re-election of Directors Staffan Bohman   Petra Hedengran  Henrik Henriksson   Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck   Fredrik Persson   David Porter and Jonas Samuelson .  Petra Hedengran    Ulla Litzén      and . Re-election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 14 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (""PwC"") as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.The Audit Committee recommends election of the audit firm PwC as the preferred alternative and election of the audit firm Ernst & Young AB as the secondary alternative. PwC is the Audit Committee's preferred alternative for the following reasons. PwC has relevant experience from large multinational listed companies and fully meet Electrolux requirements in terms of competence  resources  quality and tools. PwC has also made the most attractive offer compared to the other firms with respect to lead team  audit profile  work procedure  local presence and fee level.Item 15 – Approval of Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Resolutions on a) amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association  b) the reduction of the share capital by means of cancellation of repurchased shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new sharesElectrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares. As of December 31  2021  Electrolux held 25 842 915 own shares of series B  corresponding to approximately 8.4 per cent of the total number of shares in the company.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association  to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares  and to increase the share capital by way of a bonus issue in accordance with item a)  b) and c) below. The resolutions are conditional upon each other.16 a) Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to amend Article 5  first paragraph  in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below:Article 5  first paragraph The number of shares shall be not less than 300 000 000 and not more than 1 200 000 000. Article 5  first paragraph The number of shares shall be not less than 200 000 000 and not more than 800 000 000.16 b) Reduction of share capital by cancelling sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity.The reduction of the share capital shall be made by cancellation of 25 842 915 own shares of series B that are held by the company. The reduction of the share capital will be SEK 129 214 575 by way of cancellation of 25 842 915 shares of series B. The reduction requires an amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in Article 5 of the Articles of Association  as set out under item a) above.The resolution to reduce the share capital under this item b) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue (as set out under item c) below) with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.16 c) Bonus issueWith the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under item b) above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 129 214 575 through a transfer of SEK 129 214 575 from the company's unrestricted equity. The bonus issue shall be carried out without the issuance of new shares.Statement by the Board of Directors pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies ActIn view of the Board of Directors' proposal for resolution on reduction of the share capital through cancellation of shares  the Board of Directors hereby issues the following statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act.It follows from the proposal on reduction of the share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 129 214 575 through cancellation of 25 842 915 shares of series B for allocation to unrestricted equity.To achieve a quick and efficient cancellation procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital withSEK 129 214 575 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares.The amount is to be transferred from the company's unrestricted equity to the company's share capital.Through the reduction of the share capital due to the cancellation of shares  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 129 214 575 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue.Following completion of the reduction of the share capital and the bonus issue  the number of shares will be 283 077 393.AuthorizationThe Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  or whom they authorize  to make such minor adjustments to the resolutions according to items 16 a)  b)  and c) above as may be required for registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolutions.Conditions and majority requirementsThe resolutions under items 16 a)  b)  and c) are conditional upon each other. In order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 16 a) and b) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 17 – Resolutions on a) acquisition of own shares  b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions  and c) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020Electrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions and as a hedge for the company's share related incentive programs. In October 2021  the Board of Directors resolved to repurchase a maximum of 9 369 172 own shares of series B during the period October 28  2021 to March 25  2022. The Board of Directors has proposed that the Annual General Meeting 2022 resolves to reduce the share capital by cancellation of 25 842 915 own shares of series B  as set out under item 16 b) above.The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it continues to be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value  and to continue to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the company's share related incentive programs.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.17 a) Acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the company as follows.1. The company may acquire as a maximum so many shares of series B that  following each acquisition  the company holds at a maximum 10 per cent of all shares issued by the company.2. The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm.3. Acquisition of shares may only be made at a price per share at each time within the prevailing price interval for the share.4. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposal is to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the company's share related incentive programs  and to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.17 b) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.1. Own shares of series B held by the company at the time of the Board of Director's decision may be transferred.2. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights.3. Transfer of shares may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer.4. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of company debt.17 c) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020The Board of Directors proposes  on account of the share program for 2020  that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 1 786 808 shares of series B in the company for the purpose of covering costs  including social security charges  that may arise as a result of the aforementioned program. Such transfers may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval from time to time.Majority requirementIn order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 17 a)  b)  and c) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 18 – Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2022  and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2022BackgroundThe Board of Directors has decided to propose a long-term incentive program for 2022 (the ""Share Program 2022""). The Board is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Electrolux Group and its shareholders.Compared to the long-term incentive programs for previous years  the Board of Directors proposes certain changes for Share Program 2022. An additional group of participants comprised by senior managers and key employees is introduced. Further  the performance targets are reduced to two (including an amended CO 2 reduction metric); and a three-year performance period shall be applied with respect to each of the performance targets. In addition  in relation to the members of the Group Management  a relative TSR metric is introduced as a modifier for the outcome of the performance under the program.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement Share Program 2022  and b) to transfer own shares  free of consideration  to the participants in Share Program 2022.18 a) Implementation of Share Program 2022The Board of Directors proposes  in view of the above  that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a performance based  long-term share program for 2022 with the following principal terms and conditions:a) The program is proposed to include up to 900 senior managers and key employees of the Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by Electrolux no later than on May 16  2022.b) Participants are offered to be allocated Performance Shares  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2025. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from the Electrolux Group.c) The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant category. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares thus defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 494m excluding social costs.d) Each maximum value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares [1]  based on the average closing price paid for Electrolux shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the program  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.e) The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for the Group  for the performance period  established by the Board for (i) cumulative earnings per share [2] and (ii) CO 2 reduction [3]. The performance targets adopted by the Board will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target [4]. The performance period is the financial years 2022-2024 with respect to each of the performance targets.f) Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2025. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from c) and d). If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with h).g) The total award of Performance Shares may never exceed one (1) per cent of the total number of shares in Electrolux. If required  allotments shall be reduced to ensure that this dilution cap is observed.h) If all conditions in the Share Program 2022 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2025. Allocation will be free of charge except for tax liabilities.i) Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2022 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.j) The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2022  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.k) If material changes would occur within the Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board's assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board will have the right to make also other adjustments of the Share Program 2022  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares.Costs for the Share Program 2022The total costs for the Share Program 2022 if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 529m  which corresponds to approximately 2.6 per cent of total employment cost for 2021. The costs will be recognized over the years 2022-2024. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave the Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 287 per share has been applied.If repurchased shares would be allocated under the program the number of outstanding shares is estimated to increase with not more than 2 641 000 shares of series B. [5] Such maximum increase would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 0.93 per cent. The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs is estimated to not more than 5 473 000 shares of series B  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 1.93 per cent. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for Share Program 2022 and expected allotment has been assumed for the share programs for 2020 and 2021.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2022In order to implement Share Program 2022 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with b) below.Should the majority required under b) below not be reached  Electrolux intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party.18 b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2022In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall transfer a maximum of 2 641 000 shares of series B in the company on the following terms and conditions:1. The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to Share Program 2022. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022.2. The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022  i.e. in 2025.3. Employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022 shall receive shares of series B in the company free of consideration.4. The number of shares of series B in Electrolux that may be transferred under Share Program 2022 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 18 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares  according to item 18 b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2022The proposal regarding the Share Program 2022 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programs in ElectroluxFor a description of the company's other share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2021  note 27  and the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented in Electrolux.Item 19 – Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association to allow persons not being shareholders of the company to attend General Meetings of the company  if so resolved by the Board of DirectorsIn order to facilitate and increase the flexibility in conducting General Meetings of shareholders  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to include a new paragraph in article 11 of Electrolux Articles of Association  to enable the Board of Directors to decide upon attendance by other persons than shareholders at General Meetings of shareholders  in accordance with the below:Article 11 The Board of Directors may collect proxies pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may decide before a General Meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the General Meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). Article 11 – introduction of a new third paragraph The Board of Directors may collect proxies pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may decide before a General Meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the General Meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may resolve that persons not being shareholders of the Company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to attend or in any other manner follow the discussions at a General Meeting.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  or whom they authorize  to make such minor adjustments to the resolution above as may be required for registration of the Articles of Association with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and to take such other measures required to execute the resolution.Majority requirementsIn order for the resolution by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 19 above to be valid  the resolution must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Shares and votesAs of February 24  2022  there are in total 308 920 308 shares in the company of which 8 192 348 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 300 727 960 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 38 265 144 votes. As of the same date the company holds 30 892 030 own shares of series B  corresponding to 3 089 203 votes that may not be represented at the General Meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentsThe Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act are set out above. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors of Electrolux  information about proposed Auditor and the Nomination Committee's statement etc.  can be found on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022. The Annual Report (including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 10 above)  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the group management  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 17 a) above will be available at the company  AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  no later than March 9  2022. The documents are presented by being available at the company and on the Group's website. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address. The General Meeting share register will be available at the company's head office  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden.Stockholm in February 2022AB Electrolux (publ)THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS[1] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.[2] Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).[3] The CO 2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following two areas (weighted equally): (i) operations and (ii) energy from product use  and will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.[4] The relative total shareholder return target refers to Electrolux Group's total shareholder return (TSR) (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2022-2024. If Electrolux TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.[5] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.For further information  please contact Electrolux Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/electrolux/r/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux c3513264The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/3513264/1539937.pdf PR Notice convening AGM 2022SOURCE Electrolux",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.02,0.45,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'internet connected device', 'steady network connection', 'corporate identification number', 'other supporting document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Individual login details', 'general meetings', 'meeting ID', 'electronic connection', 'other associations', 'AB Electrolux', 'temporary exceptions', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'temporary law', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'ongoing basis', 'Lumi Global', 'unique username', 'online participants', 'chat service', 'dated power', 'valid power', 'registration certificate', 'Proxy forms', 'Online participation', 'mail address', 'STOCKHOLM', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CEST', 'Covid', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'force', 'representatives', 'order', 'persons', 'company', 'discussions', 'others', 'opportunity', 'Group', 'website', 'questions', 'Swedish', 'English', 'notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'CET', 'letter', 'Box', 'agm2022', 'personal', 'assistants', 'attorney', 'written', 'advance', 'receipt', 'request', 'instructions', 'identity', 'BankID', 'place', 'lumiconnect', 'password', 'rules', 'responsibility', 'computer', 'smartphone', '4.00', '101', '3.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
126,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.fitchratings.com/research/non-bank-financial-institutions/fitch-affirms-euroclear-investments-on-planned-re-domiciliation-outlook-stable-24-02-2022,Fitch Affirms Euroclear Investments on Planned Re ...,19 hours ago,19 hours ago,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Fitch Affirms', 'Euroclear Investments', 'Planned Re']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,fitchratings.com
127,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/euroclear-investments-announcement-of-consent-solicitations-840119390.html,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations,16 hours ago,16 hours ago,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,prnewswire.co.uk
128,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/02/24/2391116/0/en/Invitation-to-the-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Bbs-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plc.html,Invitation to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc,DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www.The personal data given to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc by the shareholders is used only in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.Use of an agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through an agent.Each share generates one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.,English FinnishBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes  Company announcement  24th February 2022 at 12:45 p.m.The shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company  which will be held at the company's premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  Thursday  March 17  2022 at 2:00 p.m.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will begin at 3.30 p.m.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE GENERAL MEETINGOpening of the meeting Election of the Chairman and the Secretary Election of minutes' inspectors and vote count supervisors Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Authorizing the Board to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that it decides to authorize the Board of Directors to decide in one or more instalments on share issues and on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorization shall not exceed 6 000 000 shares .The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions for issuing shares  options and other special rights entitling to shares. Share issues and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may take place in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if there is a weighty financial reason for the company to do so. The authorization applies to the transfer of both new shares and own shares held by the company.In the company's share issue  shares may be transferred either in exchange for payment or free of charge. A directed share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly significant financial reason for the company and it is in the interests of all its shareholders.The authorization is valid until June 30  2023 and it revokes the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on April 28  2021 as it enters into force.Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www. bbs-artebone.fi. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website latest by March 31st 2022.C: INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEETING PARTICIPANTS1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting  March 7th 2022  has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the Extraordinary General Meeting by e-mail to ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. Registration must be completed no later than March 14th 2022 at 10.00 a.m.In connection with the registration  the shareholder's name  personal identity code or Business ID  address  telephone number and the identity of any assistant must be provided. The personal data given to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc by the shareholders is used only in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.If necessary  the shareholder  his/her representative or representative shall be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesThe shareholder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting by means of such shares  based on which he/she on March 7th 2022 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  at the latest on March 14th  2022 at 10:00 a.m. In the case of shares subscribed in the Temporary Register  this is considered to be registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to promptly ask his/her trustee for the necessary instructions on how to register in the company's temporary shareholders' register  issuing proxy documents and registering for the Extraordinary General Meeting without delay. The account manager of the trustee shall register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting in the temporary shareholders' register of the company by the aforementioned date at the latest.3. Shares registered in Euroclear Sweden ABA shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall be registered in the list of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by March 7th 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  the holder of nominee registered shares must request that his/her shares be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and ensure that the trustee sends the above-mentioned temporary registration request to Euroclear Sweden AB. Registration must be made no later than 7 March 2022  and therefore a request must be made to the trustee well in advance of that date.A shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd . The request to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc must be made in writing to e-mail address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi no later than 10:00 Swedish time (CET) on March 8th 2022. Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.4. Use of an agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The agent of a shareholder shall present his/her identity and dated proxy document or otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting through several agents representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each agent represents the shareholder shall be reported in connection with the registration. Possible proxy documents should be delivered by ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu by March 14th 2022 at 10:00 a.m. Registration by letter must be received before the end of the above registration period.5. Other instructions and informationA shareholder present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to ask questions on matters to be discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The meeting will be held in Finnish.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc has on the date of this invitation February 24th 2022  a total of 6 981 525 shares. Each share generates one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Oulu  February 24th 2022BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +358 40 7080307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiLiisa Hukka  CFO tel. +358 40 0611038  e-mail: liisa.hukka@bbs-artebone.fiApproved adviser:Nordic Certified Advisers AB  puh +46 70 5516 729DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.Nasdaq Stockholm ABKey mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiThis is information that BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is obliged to disclose in accordance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication through a representative of the aforementioned contact person on 24 February 2022 at 12.45 (UCT).,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,mixed,0.59,0.12,0.29,True,English,"['Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Invitation', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'vote count supervisors', 'weighty financial reason', 'significant financial reason', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other special rights', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'personal identity code', 'nominee registered shares', ""temporary shareholders' register"", 'English Finnish', 'personal data', 'account manager', 'Temporary Register', 'option rights', 'meeting Election', 'meeting venue', '24th February', 'voting tickets', 'Secretary Election', 'share issues', 'maximum number', 'directed issue', 'B. DOCUMENTS', 'record date', 'Business ID', 'telephone number', 'related registrations', 'proxy documents', 'March 31st', 'March 7th', 'March 14th', ""minutes' inspectors"", 'necessary instructions', 'new shares', 'A. MATTERS', 'Company announcement', 'The Board', '6,000,000 shares', '10.00 a', '10:00 a', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'Thursday', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'votes', 'issuance', 'Directors', 'instalments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'authorization', 'terms', 'conditions', 'options', 'place', 'deviation', 'transfer', 'exchange', 'payment', 'charge', 'interests', 'June', 'April', 'force', 'Closing', 'invitation', 'proposals', 'agenda', 'website', 'www', 'artebone', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'ilmoittautumiset', 'letter', 'connection', 'name', 'address', 'assistant', 'processing', 'representative', 'representation', 'means', 'addition', 'basis', 'case', 'trustee', 'delay', '12:45', '2:00', '3.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,globenewswire.com
129,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/02/24/2391491/0/en/Oma-Savings-Bank-Plc-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Oma Savings Bank Plc: Notice of Annual General Meeting,Finnish EnglishOMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  24 FEBRUARY 2022 AT 15.35 P.M EET  NOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Oma Savings Bank Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on Wednesday 30 March 2022 at 13 pm Finnish time at Oma Savings Bank Plc  Kluuvikatu 3  7th floor  Helsinki.Oma Savings Bank Plc may  if it so wishes  require original power of attorney if the company deems it necessary.On the date of this notice  24 February 2022  Oma Savings Bank Plc has a total of 30 150 188 shares  representing an equal number of votes.Oma Savings Bank follows the official instructions in all arrangements and updates the instructions for the AGM if the situation so requires.+358 50 66592  minna.sillanpaa@omasp.fiDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdMajor mediawww.omasp.fiOmaSp is a growing Finnish bank and the largest savings bank in Finland based on total assets.,Finnish EnglishOMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  24 FEBRUARY 2022 AT 15.35 P.M EET  NOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Oma Savings Bank Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on Wednesday 30 March 2022 at 13 pm Finnish time at Oma Savings Bank Plc  Kluuvikatu 3  7th floor  Helsinki.The company's Board of Directors has decided on an exceptional meeting procedure based on the temporary legislative act (375/2021) approved by the Finnish Parliament to limit the spread of the corona pandemic in order to take into account the health and safety of shareholders  company personnel and other stakeholders.Shareholders of the company and their representatives may attend the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and questions in advance. It is not possible to attend the AGM in person at the meeting place.Shareholders who have registered for the AGM have the opportunity to follow the AGM via a direct video connection. Shareholders following the meeting are not considered to participate in the AGM  so they do not have  among other things  the right to ask questions or vote during the AGM. Instructions for ordering the link can be found in section C Instructions for the participants in the AGM.The company will publish the recorded speeches of the Chairman of the Board and the CEO on the company's website after the meeting. Shareholders are asked to note that the videotaped recordings are not part of the AGM or official AGM material.A. Matters on the agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Chairman is lawyer Juha Koponen. If Juha Koponen does not have the opportunity to act as Chairman due to a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will nominate a person it deems most suitable to act as Chairman.3. Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesHelena Juutilainen  the company's Chief Legal Officer  will act as the person to confirm the minutes and supervise the counting of votes. If Helena Juutilainen does not have the opportunity to act as the person to confirm the minutes and supervise the counting of the votes due to a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will nominate a person it deems most suitable to act as a person to confirm the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and have the right to attend the AGM under Chapter 6  Section 6 and Chapter 5  Section 6a of the Finnish Companies Act shall be deemed shareholders represented at the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted based on information delivered by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditors’ Report for the year 2021Review by the CEO. The company's 2021 Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors and Auditor's Report will be published no later than 9 March 2022 and will be available on the company's website as of publication https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022.Since the AGM can only be attended through an advance voting  the 2021 Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  shall be considered to have been presented to the AGM.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial StatementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Financial Statements. The company's auditor has advocated the approval of the Financial Statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to pay an actual dividend of EUR 0.30 per share for the financial year 2021. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to pay an additional dividend of EUR 0.20 per share for the financial year 2021. A total dividend of EUR 0.50 per share would be paid for the financial year 2021.A shareholder who is entered in the company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend on 1 April 2022 is entitled to a dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd on 8 April 2022.Since the Board of Directors proposes to be distributed less than provided for in Section 7 of Chapter 13 of the Finnish Companies Act  shareholders are alternatively entitled to demand a dividend of a minority dividend under that provision. The size of the minority dividend would be EUR 32.1 million (as per the date of the notice of the meeting  EUR 1.07 per share)  i.e. 8% of the company's equity. A dividend of a minority dividend should be distributed if required by shareholders holding at least one-tenth of all shares. A requirement for a minority dividend would be considered made if a shareholder voted in favour of a minority dividend in an advance voting  and no separate claim or counterproposal is required.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 202110. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies describes the implementation of the Company's remuneration policy and details on the remuneration of the company's Board members and the CEO and the Deputy CEO during the previous accounting period.Since the AGM can only be attended through an advance voting  the company's Remuneration Report released on Wednesday 9 March 2022 and available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than the date mentioned above  is considered to have been presented to the AGM.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Remuneration Report 2021. The AGM's decision on the remuneration report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors will be kept unchanged and paid as follows:Annual fees:• Chairman EUR 55 000• Vice Chairman EUR 41 250• Member EUR 27 500Meeting fees:• EUR 1 000 per meeting• EUR 500/one-thing e-mail meeting and committee meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes as a condition for receiving and paying the fixed annual remuneration  the member of the Board of Directors  commits to purchase Oma Savings Bank Plc shares amounting to 40% of the fixed annual remuneration on the regulated market (Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd) at a price determined by trading. It is the recommendation of the Nomination Committee that the member of the Board of Directors would not transfer the shares awarded as an annual remuneration until the membership in the Board has expired.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be set at seven (7)  the number of Board members shall remain unchanged.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the current Board members Aila Hemminki  Aki Jaskari  Timo Kokkala  Jyrki Mäkynen  Jarmo Partanen  Jarmo Salmi and Jaana Sandström to be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.All nominees have given their consent to the election and are independent at the time of the election in their relationship with the company and its significant shareholders.All candidates are proposed to be elected for the period starting at the 2022 AGM  which will end at the end of the AGM 2023.Additional information on the members of the Board of Directors is available on the company’s webpages https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board proposes that the remuneration to the auditor is paid on the basis of reasonable invoicing.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm authorised public accountants  shall continue to be elected as the auditor for the term beginning at the end of the AGM in 2022 and ending at the end of the 2023 AGM.KPMG Oy Ab has indicated that if it is elected as an auditor M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA Fredrik Westerholm would continue as auditor-in-charge.16. Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue  the transfer of own shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares or transfer of the company's shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  subject to the following conditions:Shares and special rights can be issued or disposed of in one or more instalments  either in return for payment or free of charge.The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation  including shares acquired on the basis of special rights  cannot exceed 4 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 13 per cent of the company's total shares on the day of the AGM.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions related to the issuance of shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of own shares. A share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares include the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders if there is a weighty financial reason for the company (special issue). A special share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason from the point of view of the company and in the interest of all its shareholders.The authorisation is proposed to be valid until the end of the next AGM  but not later than 30 June 2023. The authorisation revokes previous authorisations given by the AGM to decide on a share issue  as well as the option rights and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company's own shares with funds belonging to the company's free equity under the following conditions:Maximum number of 1 000 000 own shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 3.3% of the company's total shares according to the situation on the date of the notice of the meeting  however  that the number of own shares held by the company does not exceed 10% of the company’s total shares of the company at any time. This amount includes the own shares held by the company itself and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Chapter 15  Section 11 (1) of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide how to acquire own shares.Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase) at the price formed in public trading organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or at a price otherwise formed on the market. Own shares may be repurchased in one or more tranches.Shares purchased by the company may be held by it  cancelled or transferred. The Board of Directors decides on other matters related to the repurchasing of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation repeal previous authorisations granted by the AGM to decide on the repurchase of own shares.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next AGM  but not later than 30 June 2023.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Oma Savings Bank Plc’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022. Oma Savings Bank Plc’s Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report and the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website 9 March 2022. Copies of the above-mentioned documents will be sent to shareholders on request. The minutes of the AGM will be available on the above-mentioned website from 13 April 2022.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General MeetingA shareholder may attend the AGM and exercise his/her rights there only by voting in advance  either in person or through a representative  in accordance with the instructions below.1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerShareholder  who is registered in the company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as at 18 March 2022  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder  whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholder’s register of the company. A shareholder may participate in the AGM only by voting in advance and submitting counterproposals and questions in advance as described below.2. Notice of participation and voting in advanceRegistration and advance voting will begin on 4 March 2022 at 10.00 am Finnish time  after the deadline for submitting counterproposals for voting has expired. A shareholder entered in the company's shareholder register who wishes to participate in the AGM by voting in advance must register for the AGM and vote in advance no later than 24 March 2022 at 10:00 am Finnish time  by which time the registration and votes must be received.For register purposes  the shareholder is required to give his/her name and personal identification code or business ID  address  telephone number as well as the name and personal identification code of any representative. In addition  for community registering a community book-entry account will be required to provide. The personal details that shareholders give to Oma Savings Bank Plc and Euroclear Finland Ltd will only be used for necessary purposes associated with the AGM and processing the relevant registrations.Shareholder with a Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda during the period 4 March 2022 at 10.00 am Finnish time – 24 March 2022 10.00 am Finnish time.a) on the company’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022Electronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate;b) by regular mail or e-mailA shareholder voting in advance must submit the advance voting form available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 or similar information by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd at Euroclear Finland Ltd  AGM  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki or by email at yhtiokokous@euroclear.euIf a shareholder participates in the AGM by delivering votes in advance by regular mail or email  the delivering of votes in advance prior to the expiration of the deadline for registration and advance voting shall be considered as registration at the AGM  provided that the shareholder registration includes the information required for registration mentioned on the advance voting form.The instructions concerning voting are available on the company’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than 4 March 2022 10.00 am Finnish time.3. Representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights through a representative. A representative authorised by a shareholder may also attend the meeting only by voting in advance on behalf of the shareholder as described in this invitation. The representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which the representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he or she represents. The representative must present a dated power of attorney  or he or she must otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner that he or she is entitled to represent the shareholder. The right of legal representation can be demonstrated by utilizing the suomi.fi authorisations service available in the electronic registration service.If a shareholder is represented by more than one representative at the AGM  each of whom represents the shareholder with shares by the shareholder in different book-entry accounts  the shares by held which each representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the AGM.The template of power of attorney and voting instructions are available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than Friday 4 March 2022 at 10.00 am Finnish time. Powers of attorney are requested to be delivered primarily by email to lakiasiat@omasp.fi or by letter at the address Oma Savings Bank Plc  Legal Matters  Kluuvikatu 3  7. krs  00100 Helsinki before the end of the registration period. Oma Savings Bank Plc may  if it so wishes  require original power of attorney if the company deems it necessary.4. Holder of a nominee-registered shareThe holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM on the basis of the shares of which he or she would be entitled to be registered shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the AGM 18 March 2022. The right to participate also requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on 25 March 2022 10.00 am Finnish time. In the case of shares registered in the nominee register  this is considered to be a registration for the AGM. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes of the shareholder.The holder of a nominee-registered share is advised to request the necessary instructions from his / her custodian in good time regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register  the issuing of power of attorney and registration for the AGM. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporary register the holder of nominee-registered share  who wants to participate in the AGM  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above and arrange advance voting on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholder. Further information is also available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022.5. Other informationMaking counterproposalsShareholders holding at least one hundredth of all the shares in the company have the right to make a counterproposal to the voting proposals on the agenda of the AGM. Such counterproposals must be submitted to the company by e-mail to lakiasiat@omasp.fi no later than Wednesday 2 March 2022 at 4:00 pm Finnish time. Shareholders making counterproposals must in connection with delivering the counterproposal present evidence on his / her shareholdings. The counterproposal will be considered at the AGM  provided that the shareholder has the right to participate in the AGM and that the shareholder holds shares corresponding to at least one hundredth of all the shares in the company on the record date of the AGM. If the counterproposal will not be taken up for consideration at the AGM  the votes given in favor of the counterproposal will not be taken into account. The company will publish any counterproposals to be put to a vote on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than 4 March 2022.Presenting questionsA shareholder may present questions pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act on matters to be discussed at the meeting by e-mail to lakiasiat@omasp.fi or by regular mail to address Oma Savings Bank Plc  Lakiasiat  Kluuvikatu 3  7. krs. 00100 Helsinki until 11 March 2022 16.00 pm Finnish time  by which time the questions must be received. Such questions by shareholders  responses to such questions by the company’s management as well as other counterproposals than those put up to a vote are available on the company’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 by no later than 22 March 2022. As a precondition for presenting questions or counterproposals  a shareholder must present evidence on his / her shareholdings.Instructions for following the webcast of the meetingShareholders registered in Oma Savings Bank's shareholder register no later than the record date of 18 March 2022 have the opportunity to follow the meeting via a webcast in Finnish by notifying in connection with registration and providing e-mail information for submitting a link. The webcast link is personal. Through a webcast  shareholders are not considered to be attending the AGM. It is not possible to speak or vote remotely.On the date of this notice  24 February 2022  Oma Savings Bank Plc has a total of 30 150 188 shares  representing an equal number of votes. On the date of the notice of the meeting  the company holds 203 065 own shares. According to the Finnish Companies Act  a share owned by the company or its subsidiary cannot be used to participate in the AGM.Oma Savings Bank follows the official instructions in all arrangements and updates the instructions for the AGM if the situation so requires. Participants in the AGM are asked to follow the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 for any additional instructions or changes.Oma Savings Bank PlcBoard of DirectorsLisätietoja:Helena Juutilainen  CLO  tel. +358 40 580 6401  helena.juutilainen@omasp.fiMinna Sillanpää  CCO  tel. +358 50 66592  minna.sillanpaa@omasp.fiDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdMajor mediawww.omasp.fiOmaSp is a growing Finnish bank and the largest savings bank in Finland based on total assets. About 330 professionals provide nationwide services through OmaSp’s 35 branch offices and digital service channels to over 150 000 customers. OmaSp focuses primarily on retail banking operations and provides its clients with a broad range of banking services both through its own balance sheet as well as by acting as an intermediary for its partners’ products. The intermediated products include credit  investment and loan insurance products. OmaSp is also engaged in mortgage banking operations.OmaSp core idea is to provide personal service and to be local and close to its customers  both in digital and traditional channels. OmaSp strives to offer premium level customer experience through personal service and easy accessibility. In addition  the development of the operations and services is customer-oriented. The personnel is committed and OmaSp seeks to support their career development with versatile tasks and continuous development. A substantial part of the personnel also own shares in OmaSp.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.16,0.54,True,English,"['Oma Savings Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'temporary legislative act', 'direct video connection', 'Chief Legal Officer', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'exceptional meeting procedure', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'official AGM material', 'advance voting period', '2021 Financial Statements', 'Finnish English', 'Finnish time', 'Finnish Parliament', '7th floor', 'corona pandemic', 'other stakeholders', 'other things', 'videotaped recordings', 'A. Matters', 'Juha Koponen', 'weighty reason', 'Helena Juutilainen', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'shareholder rights', 'shareholder register', 'meeting place', 'actual dividend', 'additional dividend', 'total dividend', 'minority dividend', 'section C', 'Section 6a', 'record date', 'Auditors’ Report', 'The Board', 'company personnel', 'AGM.', '24 FEBRUARY', 'NOTICE', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', '30 March', 'Kluuvikatu', 'Helsinki', 'Directors', 'spread', 'order', 'account', 'health', 'safety', 'representatives', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'opportunity', 'Instructions', 'link', 'participants', 'speeches', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'website', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'lawyer', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Chapter', 'information', 'Presentation', 'Review', '9 March', 'publication', 'sijoittaminen', 'omasp', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '1 April', 'accordance', 'rules', '8 April', 'provision', 'size', 'equity', 'one-tenth', 'shares', 'requirement', '15.35', '13']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,globenewswire.com
130,Euroclear,Google API,http://www.asiaone.com/business/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-ab-electrolux,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,"This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives or third parties.Notice of participation is not required to solely be able to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website.A shareholder who has given notice of participation online in the Annual General Meeting has the opportunity to also vote by post according to the instructions under the ""Postal voting"" section below and still participate in the Annual General Meeting online  for example to be able to ask questions.In addition  shareholders participating online may ask questions at the Annual General Meeting through a chat service and may also submit questions in advance by e-mail to agm@electrolux.com  for their questions to be answered at the Annual General Meeting.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 18 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 30  2022 at 4.00 p.m. (CEST).Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted online through electronic connection with the shareholders in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations that will enter into force on March 1  2022. This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives or third parties. The shareholders can exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by participating online or by postal voting as instructed below.In order to enable the Annual General Meeting to be held online  the Board of Directors has resolved  in accordance with the temporary law that will enter into force on March 1  2022  that also persons who are not shareholders of the company are entitled to follow the discussions at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders and others will also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 (however  without being able to vote or ask questions). Notice of participation is not required to solely be able to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationOnline participationA person who wishes to participate online in the Annual General Meeting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 22  2022; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 24  2022by telephone +46 8 402 92 79 on weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (CET)   by letter to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   or  orvia the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022The notification must include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the representative. A written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be sent to the company in advance to the address above for receipt by March 28  2022  in order for Euroclear Sweden AB to be able to timely distribute login details. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory  shall be sent to the address stated above.Individual login details and further instructions for participation online will be sent to shareholders and representatives that have given notice of participation online. The instructions for participation online are also available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022. The individual login details will be distributed to shareholders on an ongoing basis  as shareholders give notice of participation  to the address listed in the share register. The individual login details will be distributed to representatives on an ongoing basis  as soon as a valid power of attorney has been received and approved by the company  to the address of the representative stated in the notice of participation. Shareholders may – by registering via the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  verifying their identity through BankID and stating their e-mail address – choose to receive the instructions by e-mail.On the day of the Annual General Meeting  login can take place no earlier than 3.30 p.m. (CEST) and must have taken place no later than 4.00 p.m. (CEST). Login for online participation cannot take place after 4.00 p.m. (CEST). The online participation is administrated by Euroclear Sweden AB and its subcontractor Lumi Global. The meeting ID is 142-928-995. To participate in the Annual General Meeting online  the participant shall go to Lumi Global's website https://web.lumiconnect.com/142-928-995 and enter the unique username and password that have been distributed to those who have given notice of participation.For online participants  the following rules apply (which the participant accepts by choosing to participate online).It will be possible to ask questions online during the Annual General Meeting via a chat service.In order to participate and vote online  a steady network connection is required throughout the Annual General Meeting  and it is the shareholder's or proxy's own responsibility to ensure a steady network connection. It is possible to participate online through a computer  a smartphone or another internet connected device. Electrolux has carefully prepared to enable participation and voting online. However  it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies. Therefore  it is important to note that a shareholder who wants to be certain of being able to vote should choose to vote by post.A shareholder who has given notice of participation online in the Annual General Meeting has the opportunity to also vote by post according to the instructions under the ""Postal voting"" section below and still participate in the Annual General Meeting online  for example to be able to ask questions.Postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 22  2022; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 24  2022  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and will be provided by the company upon request. In case of postal voting only  no separate notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting is required.The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 24  2022. The completed and signed form must be sent by post to AB Electrolux (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Thursday  March 24  2022.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.A shareholder who has voted by post may also participate online  provided that notification has been made in accordance with the instructions under the ""Online participation"" section above.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  March 22  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 24  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group.Requests for such information can be made in writing to the company no later than ten days prior to the Annual General Meeting  i.e. no later than March 20  2022  at the address AB Electrolux (publ)  General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at agm@electrolux.com. The questions and responses will be made available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  no later than March 25  2022  and at the company's head office  S:t Göransgatan 143 in Stockholm  Sweden on the same date. The information will also be sent to the shareholders who requested it and stated their address.In addition  shareholders participating online may ask questions at the Annual General Meeting through a chat service and may also submit questions in advance by e-mail to agm@electrolux.com  for their questions to be answered at the Annual General Meeting. A moderator will sort and categorize questions asked to facilitate for the Chairman of the Meeting and to avoid repetitions. Since it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies  it is important to note that a shareholder who wants to be certain of being able to ask a question should choose to submit written questions in advance  in accordance with the above.Agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Election of two minutes-checkers.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been properly convened.6. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Audit Report for the Group.7. Presentation by the President and CEO  Jonas Samuelson.8. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet.9. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President for 2021.10. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the company's profit pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet and determination of record dates for dividend.11. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors.12. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor.13. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.a) Election of Staffan Bohman as Director. (re-election)b) Election of Petra Hedengran as Director. (re-election)c) Election of Henrik Henriksson as Director. (re-election)d) Election of Ulla Litzén as Director. (re-election)e) Election of Karin Overbeck as Director. (re-election)f) Election of Fredrik Persson as Director. (re-election)g) Election of David Porter as Director. (re-election)h) Election of Jonas Samuelson as Director. (re-election)i) Election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman. (re-election)14. Election of Auditor.15. Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report.16. Resolutions ona) amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association;b) the reduction of the share capital by means of cancellation of repurchased shares; andc) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new shares.17. Resolutions ona) acquisition of own shares;b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andc) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020.18. Resolutions ona) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2022; andb) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2022.19. Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association to allow persons not being shareholders of the company to attend General Meetings of the company  if so resolved by the Board of Directors.20. Closing of the meeting.Item 1 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Thomas Risbecker (AMF – Försäkring och Fonder)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of the company)  proposes:Eva Hägg  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as chairman of the Annual General Meeting or in the event she is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 2 – Election of two minutes-checkersThe Board of Directors proposes Carina Silberg  Alecta  and Anders Oscarsson  AMF – Försäkring och Fonder  or if one or both of them are prevented from participating  the person(s) appointed by the Board of Directors  to check the minutes. The assignment to check the minutes also include checking the voting list and that the received postal votes are correctly reflected in the minutes of the meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the General Meeting share register  received postal votes and persons having logged in for participation in the Annual General Meeting online  as controlled and checked by the persons assigned to check the minutes.Item 10 – Dividend and record datesThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the fiscal year 2021 of SEK 9.20 per share. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments of SEK 4.60 per installment and share  the first with the record date Friday  April 1  2022  and the second with the record date Friday  September 30  2022. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  the first installment of dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 6  2022 and the second installment on Wednesday  October 5  2022.Item 11 – Number of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes:Eight Directors and no Deputy Directors.Item 12 – Fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees as follows to Directors not employed by Electrolux:SEK 2 400 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 700 000 to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting;for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors: SEK 300 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 190 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 175 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 120 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee; andSEK 60 000 to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors to participate in any other committee established by the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee also proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 – Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes:Re-election of Directors Staffan Bohman   Petra Hedengran  Henrik Henriksson   Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck   Fredrik Persson   David Porter and Jonas Samuelson .  Petra Hedengran    Ulla Litzén      and . Re-election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 14 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (""PwC"") as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.The Audit Committee recommends election of the audit firm PwC as the preferred alternative and election of the audit firm Ernst & Young AB as the secondary alternative. PwC is the Audit Committee's preferred alternative for the following reasons. PwC has relevant experience from large multinational listed companies and fully meet Electrolux requirements in terms of competence  resources  quality and tools. PwC has also made the most attractive offer compared to the other firms with respect to lead team  audit profile  work procedure  local presence and fee level.Item 15 – Approval of Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Resolutions on a) amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association  b) the reduction of the share capital by means of cancellation of repurchased shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new sharesElectrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares. As of December 31  2021  Electrolux held 25 842 915 own shares of series B  corresponding to approximately 8.4 per cent of the total number of shares in the company.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association  to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares  and to increase the share capital by way of a bonus issue in accordance with item a)  b) and c) below. The resolutions are conditional upon each other.16 a) Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to amend Article 5  first paragraph  in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below:Article 5  first paragraph The number of shares shall be not less than 300 000 000 and not more than 1 200 000 000. Article 5  first paragraph The number of shares shall be not less than 200 000 000 and not more than 800 000 000.16 b) Reduction of share capital by cancelling sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity.The reduction of the share capital shall be made by cancellation of 25 842 915 own shares of series B that are held by the company. The reduction of the share capital will be SEK 129 214 575 by way of cancellation of 25 842 915 shares of series B. The reduction requires an amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in Article 5 of the Articles of Association  as set out under item a) above.The resolution to reduce the share capital under this item b) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue (as set out under item c) below) with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.16 c) Bonus issueWith the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under item b) above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 129 214 575 through a transfer of SEK 129 214 575 from the company's unrestricted equity. The bonus issue shall be carried out without the issuance of new shares.Statement by the Board of Directors pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies ActIn view of the Board of Directors' proposal for resolution on reduction of the share capital through cancellation of shares  the Board of Directors hereby issues the following statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act.It follows from the proposal on reduction of the share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 129 214 575 through cancellation of 25 842 915 shares of series B for allocation to unrestricted equity.To achieve a quick and efficient cancellation procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital withSEK 129 214 575 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares.The amount is to be transferred from the company's unrestricted equity to the company's share capital.Through the reduction of the share capital due to the cancellation of shares  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 129 214 575 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue.Following completion of the reduction of the share capital and the bonus issue  the number of shares will be 283 077 393.AuthorizationThe Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  or whom they authorize  to make such minor adjustments to the resolutions according to items 16 a)  b)  and c) above as may be required for registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolutions.Conditions and majority requirementsThe resolutions under items 16 a)  b)  and c) are conditional upon each other. In order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 16 a) and b) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 17 – Resolutions on a) acquisition of own shares  b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions  and c) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020Electrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions and as a hedge for the company's share related incentive programs. In October 2021  the Board of Directors resolved to repurchase a maximum of 9 369 172 own shares of series B during the period October 28  2021 to March 25  2022. The Board of Directors has proposed that the Annual General Meeting 2022 resolves to reduce the share capital by cancellation of 25 842 915 own shares of series B  as set out under item 16 b) above.The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it continues to be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value  and to continue to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the company's share related incentive programs.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.17 a) Acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the company as follows.1. The company may acquire as a maximum so many shares of series B that  following each acquisition  the company holds at a maximum 10 per cent of all shares issued by the company.2. The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm.3. Acquisition of shares may only be made at a price per share at each time within the prevailing price interval for the share.4. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposal is to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the company's share related incentive programs  and to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.17 b) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.1. Own shares of series B held by the company at the time of the Board of Director's decision may be transferred.2. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights.3. Transfer of shares may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer.4. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of company debt.17 c) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020The Board of Directors proposes  on account of the share program for 2020  that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 1 786 808 shares of series B in the company for the purpose of covering costs  including social security charges  that may arise as a result of the aforementioned program. Such transfers may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval from time to time.Majority requirementIn order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 17 a)  b)  and c) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 18 – Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2022  and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2022BackgroundThe Board of Directors has decided to propose a long-term incentive program for 2022 (the ""Share Program 2022""). The Board is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Electrolux Group and its shareholders.Compared to the long-term incentive programs for previous years  the Board of Directors proposes certain changes for Share Program 2022. An additional group of participants comprised by senior managers and key employees is introduced. Further  the performance targets are reduced to two (including an amended CO 2 reduction metric); and a three-year performance period shall be applied with respect to each of the performance targets. In addition  in relation to the members of the Group Management  a relative TSR metric is introduced as a modifier for the outcome of the performance under the program.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement Share Program 2022  and b) to transfer own shares  free of consideration  to the participants in Share Program 2022.18 a) Implementation of Share Program 2022The Board of Directors proposes  in view of the above  that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a performance based  long-term share program for 2022 with the following principal terms and conditions:a) The program is proposed to include up to 900 senior managers and key employees of the Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by Electrolux no later than on May 16  2022.b) Participants are offered to be allocated Performance Shares  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2025. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from the Electrolux Group.c) The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant category. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares thus defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 494m excluding social costs.d) Each maximum value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares [1]  based on the average closing price paid for Electrolux shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the program  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.e) The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for the Group  for the performance period  established by the Board for (i) cumulative earnings per share [2] and (ii) CO 2 reduction [3]. The performance targets adopted by the Board will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target [4]. The performance period is the financial years 2022-2024 with respect to each of the performance targets.f) Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2025. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from c) and d). If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with h).g) The total award of Performance Shares may never exceed one (1) per cent of the total number of shares in Electrolux. If required  allotments shall be reduced to ensure that this dilution cap is observed.h) If all conditions in the Share Program 2022 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2025. Allocation will be free of charge except for tax liabilities.i) Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2022 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.j) The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2022  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.k) If material changes would occur within the Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board's assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board will have the right to make also other adjustments of the Share Program 2022  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares.Costs for the Share Program 2022The total costs for the Share Program 2022 if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 529m  which corresponds to approximately 2.6 per cent of total employment cost for 2021. The costs will be recognized over the years 2022-2024. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave the Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 287 per share has been applied.If repurchased shares would be allocated under the program the number of outstanding shares is estimated to increase with not more than 2 641 000 shares of series B. [5] Such maximum increase would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 0.93 per cent. The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs is estimated to not more than 5 473 000 shares of series B  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 1.93 per cent. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for Share Program 2022 and expected allotment has been assumed for the share programs for 2020 and 2021.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2022In order to implement Share Program 2022 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with b) below.Should the majority required under b) below not be reached  Electrolux intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party.18 b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2022In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall transfer a maximum of 2 641 000 shares of series B in the company on the following terms and conditions:1. The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to Share Program 2022. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022.2. The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022  i.e. in 2025.3. Employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022 shall receive shares of series B in the company free of consideration.4. The number of shares of series B in Electrolux that may be transferred under Share Program 2022 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 18 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares  according to item 18 b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2022The proposal regarding the Share Program 2022 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programs in ElectroluxFor a description of the company's other share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2021  note 27  and the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented in Electrolux.Item 19 – Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association to allow persons not being shareholders of the company to attend General Meetings of the company  if so resolved by the Board of DirectorsIn order to facilitate and increase the flexibility in conducting General Meetings of shareholders  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to include a new paragraph in article 11 of Electrolux Articles of Association  to enable the Board of Directors to decide upon attendance by other persons than shareholders at General Meetings of shareholders  in accordance with the below:Article 11 The Board of Directors may collect proxies pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may decide before a General Meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the General Meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). Article 11 – introduction of a new third paragraph The Board of Directors may collect proxies pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may decide before a General Meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the General Meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may resolve that persons not being shareholders of the Company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to attend or in any other manner follow the discussions at a General Meeting.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  or whom they authorize  to make such minor adjustments to the resolution above as may be required for registration of the Articles of Association with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and to take such other measures required to execute the resolution.Majority requirementsIn order for the resolution by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 19 above to be valid  the resolution must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Shares and votesAs of February 24  2022  there are in total 308 920 308 shares in the company of which 8 192 348 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 300 727 960 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 38 265 144 votes. As of the same date the company holds 30 892 030 own shares of series B  corresponding to 3 089 203 votes that may not be represented at the General Meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentsThe Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act are set out above. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors of Electrolux  information about proposed Auditor and the Nomination Committee's statement etc.  can be found on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022. The Annual Report (including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 10 above)  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the group management  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 17 a) above will be available at the company  AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  no later than March 9  2022. The documents are presented by being available at the company and on the Group's website. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address. The General Meeting share register will be available at the company's head office  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden.Stockholm in February 2022AB Electrolux (publ)THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS[1] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.[2] Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).[3] The CO 2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following two areas (weighted equally): (i) operations and (ii) energy from product use  and will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.[4] The relative total shareholder return target refers to Electrolux Group's total shareholder return (TSR) (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2022-2024. If Electrolux TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.[5] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.For further information  please contact Electrolux Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/electrolux/r/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux c3513264The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.02,0.45,0.53,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'internet connected device', 'steady network connection', 'corporate identification number', 'other supporting document', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Individual login details', 'general meetings', 'meeting ID', 'electronic connection', 'other associations', 'AB Electrolux', 'temporary exceptions', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'temporary law', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'ongoing basis', 'Lumi Global', 'unique username', 'online participants', 'chat service', 'dated power', 'valid power', 'registration certificate', 'Proxy forms', 'Online participation', 'mail address', 'STOCKHOLM', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CEST', 'Covid', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'force', 'representatives', 'order', 'persons', 'company', 'discussions', 'others', 'opportunity', 'Group', 'website', 'questions', 'Swedish', 'English', 'notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'CET', 'letter', 'Box', 'agm2022', 'personal', 'assistants', 'attorney', 'written', 'advance', 'receipt', 'request', 'instructions', 'identity', 'BankID', 'place', 'lumiconnect', 'password', 'rules', 'responsibility', 'computer', 'smartphone', '4.00', '101', '3.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,asiaone.com
131,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.asiaone.com/business/notice-annual-general-meeting-1,Notice of Annual General Meeting  Business News,GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7.The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting.,"GÖTEBORG  Sweden  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of Aktiebolaget SKF will be held on Thursday  24 March 2022.Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the general meeting should be held without physical presence by inviting the shareholders to exercise their voting rights only by postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. There will be no meeting with a possibility to attend physically or by proxy; hence  the meeting will be held without physical presence.Information on the resolutions adopted by the general meeting will be published on 24 March 2022 as soon as the results of the postal vote has been finalized. For further information  see the heading ""Postal voting"" below.An address from the President and an address from the auditor will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  latest by 22 March 2022.Preconditions for participationFor the right to participate at the Annual General Meeting  shareholders must be recorded in the shareholders' register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  16 March 2022 and must notify its intention to participate to the company at the latest on 23 March 2022 by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below so that the postal voting is received by the company through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must have the shares registered temporarily in their own name in order to take part in the Annual General Meeting. Any such re-registration for the purpose of establishing voting rights made by the trustee latest by 18 March 2022 are taken into account in the production of the share register. This means that the shareholder should give notice of his/her wish to be included in the shareholders' register to the trustee well in advance  in accordance with the trustee's procedures.Postal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance  so-called postal voting in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on www.skf.com. The postal voting form is considered as the notification of participation.The completed and signed voting form must be received by SKF through Computershare AB no later than 23 March 2022. The form may be submitted by post to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  102 46 Stockholm or via e-mail to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders may also cast their postal votes electronically through Swedish BankID verification via SKF's website www.skf.com. Shareholders who are represented by a proxy holder shall submit a proxy form enclosed to the voting form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed to the form.Shareholders are not permitted to add special instructions or conditions to their postal votes. If this is done  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) will be invalid. Further instructions and conditions can be found on the postal voting form.For questions about the meeting or to have the postal voting form sent by post  please contact Computershare AB on telephone +46 771-24 64 00.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Annual General Meeting2. Election of a Chairman for the Annual General Meeting3. Election of persons to verify the minutes4. Drawing up and approval of the voting list5. Approval of agenda6. Consideration of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and audit report for the Group8. Matter of adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for the Group9. Resolution regarding distribution of profits and record date10. Matter of discharge of the Board members and the Presidents from liability11. Determination of number of Board members and deputy members12. Determination of fee for the Board members13. Election of Board members and deputy Board membersThe Nomination Committee's proposal for Board members:13.1 Hans Stråberg13.2 Hock Goh13.3 Colleen Repplier13.4 Geert Follens13.5 Håkan Buskhe13.6 Susanna Schneeberger13.7 Rickard Gustafson14. Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors15. The Board of Director's proposal for a resolution on revised principles of executive remuneration16. The Board of Directors' remuneration report17. The Board of Directors' proposal for a resolution on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022Proposal under item 3Martin Jonasson (Andra AP-fonden) and Emilie Westholm (Folksam)  or if one or both of them are prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Board  are proposed to be elected to approve the minutes of the Meeting together with the Chairman. The task of approving the minutes of the Meeting also includes verifying the voting list and that the advance votes received are correctly stated in the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 4The voting list proposed for approval under point 4 on the agenda  is the voting list drawn up by Computershare AB on behalf of the company  based on the Meeting's share register and advance votes received  as verified and recommended by the persons approving the minutes of the Meeting.Proposal under item 9The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.00 per share. It is proposed that shareholders with holdings recorded on Monday  28 March 2022 be entitled to receive the proposed dividend. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  it is expected that Euroclear will distribute the dividend on Thursday  31 March 2022.Proposals under items 2  11  12  13 and 14The Nomination Committee formed according to a resolution of the Annual General Meeting 2020 to represent all shareholders of the company consists of  besides the Chairman of the Board of Directors  representatives of FAM  AFA Försäkring  Skandia and Swedbank Robur Fonder  shareholders who together represent around 40% of the votes of the total number of company shares. The Nomination Committee has informed the company about the following proposal:Item 2 - that Sven Unger   or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting;  or if he is prevented  the person or persons instead appointed by the Nomination Committee  is elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting; Item 11 - that the Board of Directors shall consist of seven members and no deputy members;Item 12 - that the Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting and not employed by the company  for the period up to the end of the next Annual General Meeting  receive a fee according to the following:a. An allotment of SEK 2 530 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 825 000 to each of the other Board members; andb. an allotment of SEK 285 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee  with SEK 210 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  with SEK 165 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and with SEK 130 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee;Item 13 - re-election of the Board members Hans Stråberg  Hock Goh  Colleen Repplier   Geert Follens   Håkan Buskhe  Susanna Schneeberger and Rickard Gustafson .A presentation of the proposed Board can be found at the company's website www.skf.com. Barb Samardzich has declined re-election at the Annual General Meeting 2022.Item 14 - that Hans Stråberg is re-elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors.Proposal under item 15The Board of Directors has decided to submit the following revised principles of remuneration for SKF's Group Management (executive remuneration) to the Annual General Meeting. The main contents of the proposal are stated below. The Board of Director's complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.The Board of Director's proposal for revised principles of remuneration are in all material respects similar to the previous version with a clarification of the criteria for variable salary. Furthermore  a criterion promoting the SKF Group's sustainability targets  which can be independent of the financial performance of the SKF Group  has been added.Group Management is defined as the President and the other members of the management team.The Board of Directors' proposal is that the remuneration of Group Management members shall be based on market competitive conditions and at the same time support the shareholders' best interests. The total remuneration package for a Group Management member shall consist of fixed salary  variable salary  pension benefits  conditions for notice of termination and severance pay  and other benefits such as a company car. The objective of the principles of remuneration is to ensure that the SKF Group can attract and retain the best people in order to promote the SKF Group's mission and business strategy  its long-term interests and sustainability.The fixed salary shall be at a market competitive level. Competence  responsibility  experience and performance shall be taken into account when the fixed salary is established.The variable salary shall run according to a performance-based programme. The programme shall have predetermined and measurable criteria which can be both financial and non-financial and which contribute to the company's long-term and sustainable development. The criteria shall primarily be based on the annual financial performance of the SKF Group  such as financial result  growth and capital efficiency and shall promote sustainability targets of the SKF Group. The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable salary shall be measured over a period of one year. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable salary has been satisfied shall be determined when the measurement period has ended  and the maximum variable salary is capped at a certain percentage of the fixed accumulated annual salary varying between 50 and 70 %. The Board of Directors is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable salary to the President. For variable salary to other executives  the President is responsible for the evaluation. For financial targets  the evaluation shall be based on financial information made public by the SKF Group.SKF shall strive to establish pension plans based on defined contribution models.A Group Management member may terminate his/her employment by giving six months' notice. In the event of termination of employment at the request of the company  employment shall according to the agreement cease immediately. A severance payment related to the number of years' service shall  however  in this case be paid out  provided that it shall always be maximized to two years' fixed salary.The principles of remuneration for Group Management shall be presented by the Remuneration Committee to the Board of Directors that  at least every fourth year  shall submit a proposal for such principles to the Annual General Meeting for approval. The principles of remuneration shall be valid until new principles have been adopted by the Annual General Meeting.The Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to derogate from the principles of remuneration decided by the Annual General Meeting  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability.Proposal under item 16The Board of Directors has prepared a Remuneration report which is proposed to be approved by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the company's website  www.skf.com.Proposal under item 17The main contents of the Board of Directors' proposal are stated below. The complete proposal is available at the company and at the company's website  www.skf.com.At the Annual General Meeting in 2008 the SKF Group introduced a long-term performance share programme for senior managers and key employees. Since then  the Annual General Meeting has resolved each year upon a performance share programme.The Board proposes  in order to continue to link the long-term interests of the participants and the shareholders  that a decision be taken at the Annual General Meeting 2022 on SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The programme is proposed to cover not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the SKF Group with an opportunity to be allotted  free of charge  SKF B shares in accordance with the following principal terms and guidelines.Under the programme  not more than in total 1 000 000 SKF B shares may be allotted to not more than 225 senior managers and key employees in the Group. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  and to the SKF Group's carbon neutral net zero 2030 objective. TVA is a simplified  economic value-added model promoting greater operating profit  capital efficiency and profitable growth. TVA is the operating profit  less the pre-tax cost of capital.90 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the level of TVA increase. The number of shares that may be allotted must be related to the degree of achievement of the Total Value Added (TVA) target level  as defined by the Board  for the TVA development for the financial years 2022-2024 compared to the financial year 2021. After the expiry of the financial year 2024 a comparison is made between the average TVA for the financial years 2022-2024 and TVA for the financial year 2021. The TVA change is expressed as a percentage. In order for allocation of shares to take place the TVA increase must exceed a certain minimum level (the threshold level). In addition to the threshold level a target level is set. Maximum allotment is awarded if the target level is reached or exceeded.10 % of the maximum allocation of shares under the programme is based on the reduction of CO 2 emissions. The SKF Group net zero 2030 objective is related to the SKF Group's ambition to become carbon neutral year 2030 (the net zero 2030 objective). The target is based on a CO 2 emission reduction trajectory for the operations defined by the net zero 2030 objective with 2021's emissions as a starting point. After the expiry of the financial year 2024  a comparison will be made of the level of CO 2 reduction achieved during the programme period and the net zero 2030 objective trajectory. If the trajectory reduction level is met or exceeded full allotment is awarded  i.e. 10 % of the total maximum allotment under the programme. If the reduction does not meet the trajectory level  no allotment is awarded in relation to this part of the programme.Provided that the TVA increase reaches the target level  and that the net zero 2030 objective target is met  the participants of the programme may be allotted the following maximum number of shares per person within the various key groups:CEO and President - 36 500 sharesOther members of Group Management - 13 000 sharesManagers of large business units and similar - 4 500 sharesOther senior managers - 3 000 sharesOther key persons - 1 250 sharesIf the TVA increase exceeds the threshold level for allotment of shares but the final allotment is below 5% of the target level  payment will be made in cash instead of shares  whereupon the amount of the cash payment shall correspond to the value of the shares calculated on the basis of the closing price for SKF's B share the day before settlement.Allotment of shares requires that the persons covered by the programme are employed in the SKF Group during the entire calculation period. If all the conditions included in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 are met  allotment of shares shall be made free of charge following the expiry of the three year calculation period  i.e. during 2025.Before the number of shares to be allotted is finally determined  the Board shall examine whether the allotment is reasonable considering SKF's financial results and position  the conditions on the stock market as well as other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board  reduce the number of shares to be awarded to the lower number of shares deemed appropriate by the Board.The Board is furthermore entitled to introduce an alternative incentive solution for employees in countries where participation in SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022 is not appropriate. Such alternative incentive solution shall  as far as practicable  be formulated employing the same conditions as SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022.The company has 455 351 068 shares in issue when this notice is issued. In order to comply with the obligations of SKF's Performance Share Programme 2022  a maximum number of 1 000 000 B shares are required  corresponding to approximately 0.2% of the total number of outstanding shares.Assuming maximum allocation under the Performance Share Programme 2022 and a share price of SEK 184  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 221. On the basis of a share price of SEK 280  the cost  including social security cost  is estimated at approximately MSEK 336. In addition  the administrative costs are estimated at approximately MSEK 2.The Board does not propose for the time being to take any action to hedge SKF's obligations under the programme. Delivery of shares under the programme shall not take place until 2025.Number of shares and votes  and documentationWhen this notice is issued  the total number of shares in the company are 455 351 068  represented by 29 403 933 series A shares and 425 947 135 series B shares  with a total number of votes of 71 998 646.5. The company holds no own shares.The annual report  the audit report  statements of the Board of Directors and the auditor  the Board of Directors' remuneration report and complete proposals according to item 15 and 17 of the agenda together with the Nomination Committee's reasoned statement will be available at the company's headquarters at Sven Wingquists gata 2  415 50 Gothenburg  and at the company's website  www.skf.com  no later than from 3 March 2022 and will be sent to shareholders who request this and state their address. The documents will be presented to the Annual General Meeting by being available at the company's website www.skf.com and at the company's headquarters. Further  the share register of the meeting will be available at the company's headquarters.Information at the Annual General Meeting  etc.The Board of Directors and the President shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may take place without significant harm to the company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  any circumstances which may affect the assessment of the company's or a subsidiary's financial position and the company's relationship to other group companies. A request for such information shall be made in writing no later than ten days before the meeting  i.e. latest by 14 March 2022  to AB SKF  Att. General Counsel  SE-415 50 Gothenburg  Sweden  or by e-mail: chairman@skf.com. The information will be made available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and at the company's headquarters on 19 March 2022 at the latest. The information will also be sent to the shareholder who has requested it and stated its address.SKF's web-based financial report in English will be made public on 2 March 2022.Proxy forms will be available at the company's website  www.skf.com  and may also be requested by letter to Computershare AB  ""AGM 2022 of AB SKF""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone +46 771 24 64 00.Gothenburg in February 2022Aktiebolaget SKF(publ)Reg. no 556007-3495The Board of DirectorsProcessing of Personal DataPersonal data related to a shareholder which is gathered from the shareholders' register  notification on participation in the Annual General Meeting and information about advisors that are to participate or any other information that is otherwise given as set out above  will be processed mainly to register the shareholder  form part of the voting list at the Annual General Meeting and if necessary  the minutes from the Annual General Meeting. The personal data is processed in accordance with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council. For complete information on the company's processing of your personal data in connection with the Annual General Meeting and your rights  see SKF's website www.skf.com under the heading ""About AGM"" (which is located under the section ""Investors"" and ""Corporate Governance"").CONTACT:PRESS: Carl Bjernstam  Group Communicationtel: 46 31-337 2517; mobile: 46 722-201 893; e-mail: carl.bjernstam@skf.comINVESTOR RELATIONS: Patrik Stenberg  Head of Investor Relationstel: 46 31-337 2104; mobile: 46 705-472 104; patrik.stenberg@skf.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/skf/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting c3512637The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.06,0.88,0.06,negative,0.03,0.05,0.92,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Business News', 'Notice', 'Swedish BankID verification', 'Hans Stråberg', 'Håkan Buskhe', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Performance Share Programme', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'deputy Board members', 'postal voting form', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'deputy members', 'general meetings', 'executive remuneration', 'audit report', 'postal votes', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'The Board', 'GÖTEBORG', 'physical presence', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'special form', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'record date', '2 Hock Goh', 'Colleen Repplier', 'Geert Follens', 'Susanna Schneeberger', 'Rickard Gustafson', 'revised principles', 'Martin Jonasson', 'Andra AP-fonden', 'Emilie Westholm', 'Computershare AB', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'proxy holder', 'proxy form', 'AB SKF', 'Aktiebolaget SKF', ""Directors' proposal"", ""shareholders' register"", 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'Covid', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'possibility', 'Information', 'resolutions', 'results', 'heading', 'address', 'President', 'auditor', 'company', 'website', 'Preconditions', 'participation', 'Friday', 'intention', 'shares', 'name', 'trustee', 'order', 're-registration', 'purpose', 'production', 'wish', 'advance', 'procedures', 'notification', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'entirety', 'questions', 'telephone', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'persons', 'minutes', 'approval', 'Consideration', 'Presentation', 'Group', 'Matter', 'adoption', 'distribution', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Determination', 'number', 'fee', 'item', 'Folksam', '8.', '5']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,asiaone.com
132,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-investments-announcement-consent-solicitations-145900050.html,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations,This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.Capitalised terms used in this announcement have the meanings given in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.To be eligible for the Ineligible Noteholder Payment  the Ineligible Noteholder must deliver (and not subsequently revoke) an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction to the Tabulation Agent by the Early Instruction Deadline.Solicitation and Distribution RestrictionsThe distribution of this announcement and the Consent Solicitation Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law  and persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Consent Solicitation Memorandum comes are required to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Any Electronic Voting Instructions from a Noteholder that is unable to make these representations (and is not an Ineligible Noteholder submitted an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction) will not be accepted.,"LUXEMBOURG  Feb. 24  2022 /CNW/ --THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF (I) ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 (""EU MAR"") AND (II) EU MAR AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (EUWA) (""UK MAR"").NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION (A) IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA) (THE ""UNITED STATES"" OR THE ""U.S."") OR TO ANY ""U.S. PERSON"" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"")  OR (B) IN OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES THE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION OF NOTEHOLDERS. IF ANY NOTEHOLDER IS IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION IT SHOULD TAKE  IT IS RECOMMENDED TO SEEK ITS OWN FINANCIAL ADVICE  INCLUDING AS TO ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES  FROM ITS BROKER  BANK MANAGER  SOLICITOR  ACCOUNTANT  INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL OR TAX ADVISER AUTHORISED UNDER THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (IF IN THE UNITED KINGDOM) OR OTHER APPROPRIATELY AUTHORISED FINANCIAL ADVISER. ANY INDIVIDUAL OR COMPANY WHOSE NOTES ARE HELD ON ITS BEHALF BY A BROKER  DEALER  BANK  CUSTODIAN  TRUST COMPANY OR OTHER NOMINEE MUST CONTACT SUCH ENTITY IF IT WISHES TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONSENT SOLICITATION.ISIN / Common code Description Outstanding principal amount XS1529559525 / 152955952 €600 000 000 1.125 per cent. Notes due in 2026 issued by Euroclear Investments (the ""2026 Notes"") €600 000 000 XS1797663702 / 179766370 €300 000 000 1.5 per cent. Senior Notes due in 2030 issued by Euroclear Investments (the ""2030 Notes"") €300 000 000 XS1797663967 / 179766396 €400 000 000 Subordinated Resettable Fixed Rate Notes due in 2048 issued by Euroclear Investments (the ""2048 Notes"") €400 000 000(the 2026 Notes  the 2030 Notes and the 2048 Notes together  the ""Notes"" and each a ""Series"").Story continuesEuroclear Investments (the ""Issuer"") today announces invitations to Eligible Noteholders (as defined below) of each Series of Notes to approve by extraordinary resolution (in respect of a Series of Notes  an ""Extraordinary Resolution"") the replacement of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes (the ""Conditions"") such that the new terms and conditions of each Series of Notes (the ""New Conditions"") allow for the Notes to be transferred into  and settled through  the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the ""NBB"") or any successor thereto (the ""NBB-SSS"") in advance of the possible future relocation of the Issuer's corporate seat and fiscal residence from Luxembourg to Belgium (the ""Re-domiciliation"") and to amend the governing law of certain provisions of the Conditions to reflect the impact of any such Re-domiciliation (each such invitation in respect of each Series of Notes  a ""Consent Solicitation"").This announcement does not contain the full terms and conditions of the Proposals (as defined herein)  which are contained in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum dated 24 February 2022 (the ""Consent Solicitation Memorandum"") prepared by the Issuer  which is available to Eligible Noteholders from the Tabulation Agent via: https://deals.lucid-is.com/euroclear.This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Consent Solicitation Memorandum. Capitalised terms used in this announcement have the meanings given in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.Consent Fee and Ineligible Noteholder PaymentEligible Noteholders from whom a valid Electronic Voting Instruction in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution with respect to the relevant Series of Notes is received (and not subsequently revoked) by the Tabulation Agent by 4.00 p.m. (London time) on 8 March 2022 (as the same may be extended  the ""Early Instruction Deadline"") will be eligible to receive payment of an amount equal to 0.10 per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes that are the subject of such Electronic Voting Instruction (each such consent fee in relation to a Series of the Notes  a ""Consent Fee""). Payment of the Consent Fee is conditional on the satisfaction of:(A) the passing of the applicable Extraordinary Resolution; and(B) the quorum required for  and the requisite majority of votes cast at  the relevant Meeting being satisfied by Eligible Noteholders  irrespective of any participation at the Meeting by Ineligible Noteholders (and would also have been so satisfied if any Ineligible Noteholders who provide confirmation of their status as Ineligible Noteholders and waive their right to attend and vote (or be represented) at the Meeting had actually participated at the Meeting) including the satisfaction of such condition at an adjourned Meeting (such conditions in respect of a Series of Notes being the ""Consent Conditions"").Ineligible Noteholders may be eligible to receive an amount equal to 0.10 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes that are the subject of the relevant Ineligible Noteholder Instruction (each such payment in relation to a Series of the Notes  an ""Ineligible Noteholder Payment""). To be eligible for the Ineligible Noteholder Payment  the Ineligible Noteholder must deliver (and not subsequently revoke) an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction to the Tabulation Agent by the Early Instruction Deadline.Noteholders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold their Notes when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Noteholder in order for such Noteholder to submit an Electronic Voting Instruction or Ineligible Noteholder Instruction by the deadline specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each clearing system for the submission and revocation of Electronic Voting Instructions or Ineligible Noteholder Instructions will be earlier than the deadline specified above.BackgroundThe Issuer is considering carrying out the Re-domiciliation. Upon the Re-domiciliation taking effect  the Issuer would be re-domiciled as a Belgian company under the Belgian Companies and Associations Code and be treated as a Belgian tax resident company.The Issuer considers that the Re-domiciliation would be of benefit to it and the Euroclear Group by creating streamlined regulatory oversight to which Euroclear Group is subject on a consolidated basis  including in terms of resolution planning. Such simplification of the Issuer's supervisory reporting would also enhance the efficiency of any supervisory action.The board of directors of the Issuer approved the Re-domiciliation in principle on 17 December 2021. As at the date of this announcement  no assurance can be given as to whether or not the Re-domiciliation will be carried out. However  in light of the envisaged Re-domiciliation  it is proposed that the Conditions of each Series of Notes be replaced with the New Conditions and related documentation be amended to allow:(A) the Notes to be transferred into the NBB-SSS. The Notes are global bearer notes governed by English law. In order for these to circulate under the system of the Coordinated Belgian Royal Decree nr. 62 of 10 November 1967 on the custody of fungible financial instruments and the settlement of transactions in such instruments  they will need to be deposited into the custody of NBB-SSS  where they will be immobilised and then exclusively represented by book entries in the records of the NBB-SSS;(B) the Notes to be transferred into the NBB-SSS on the next Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Conditions) in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations  irrespective of whether the Re-domiciliation occurs; and(C) certain Conditions to automatically refer to the applicable laws of Belgium (instead of Luxembourg) if and when the Re-domiciliation has taken effect  including  without limitation  in respect to subordination of the Notes and bail-in powers each such proposal in relation to a Series of Notes  a ""Proposal"" and together the ""Proposals"".The implementation of the Proposal in respect of a Series of Notes is conditional on satisfaction of the Consent Conditions.For the avoidance of doubt  if the Re-domiciliation does not take effect  the New Conditions would still apply to the Notes if the Proposals are approved and implemented.If the Re-domiciliation were to be carried out  the interest component of payments on the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax  currently at a rate of 30 per cent. on the gross amount of such interest (unless exemptions or reduced rates could be invoked). However  Noteholders could collect interest on their Notes free of Belgian withholding tax if the Notes were held by eligible investors within the meaning of article 4 of the X/N Regulation in an exempt securities account (an ""X-Account"") that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in NBB-SSS.Noteholders are advised to consult with their tax advisers and check with any Direct Participant or other intermediary (including any securities broker or financial institution) through which they hold their Notes  in order to ascertain the (i) implications of the transfer of the notes to the NBB-SSS and (ii) the rules  regulations and qualification criteria for holding an X-Account in the NBB-SSS.In respect of each Series  the Proposals would ensure that  notwithstanding the immobilisation of the Notes into the NBB-SSS and occurrence of any Re-domiciliation after the date of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  the rights and obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall continue in full force and effect.Notice of MeetingsA notice convening separate meetings (the ""Meetings"") of the holders of each Series  to be held at the offices of Slaughter and May  One Bunhill Row  London EC1Y 8YY  United Kingdom  has been given to Noteholders in accordance with the relevant Conditions on the date of this announcement  including via release through the Clearing Systems.The Consent Solicitation in respect of a Series does not constitute an undertaking of the Issuer  the agent(s) of such Series or the Solicitation Agent to take any action to implement the Proposal  even if the Extraordinary Resolution passes.Until the Extraordinary Resolution is passed in respect of the relevant Series  the Eligibility Condition is satisfied in respect of such Series and the relevant Amended and Restated Agency Agreement and related documents have been executed  no assurance can be given that the Proposal in respect of such Series will take effect. Further  an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of one Series may be passed by the Noteholders of such Series  whereas others may not be passed. None of the Extraordinary Resolutions in respect of any Series are conditional upon any other Extraordinary Resolution in respect of another Series being validly approved and implemented. Each Proposal is a separate consent solicitation affecting solely the Series to which it relates.Eligible NoteholdersEach Consent Solicitation is only being made  and the Consent Solicitation Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Consent Solicitations are only for distribution or to be made available in respect of each Series of Notes in each case to holders of the Series of Notes who are (a) located and resident outside the United States and is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and (b) otherwise a person to whom the Consent Solicitation can be lawfully made and that may lawfully participate in the Consent Solicitation (in respect of each Series of Notes  the ""Eligible Noteholders"").Eligible Noteholders are advised to read carefully the Consent Solicitation Memorandum for full details of  and information on the procedures for participating in  the Consent Solicitations.Indicative TimetableSet out below is an indicative timetable showing one possible outcome for the timing of the Consent Solicitations  which will depend  among other things  on timely receipt (and non-revocation) of instructions  the rights of the Issuer (where applicable) to extend  waive any condition of  amend and/or terminate any Consent Solicitation (other than the terms of the Extraordinary Resolutions) as described in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum and the passing of the Extraordinary Resolutions (and satisfaction of the Eligibility Condition) at the initial Meetings. Accordingly  the actual timetable may differ significantly from the timetable below.Announcement of Consent Solicitations Announcement of Consent Solicitations 24 February 2022 Notice to be delivered to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct ParticipantsDocuments referred to under ""General"" in the Notice available from the Tabulation Agent and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent From this date  Noteholders may arrange for the Notes they hold to be blocked in an account with the Clearing Systems and held to the order of any Paying Agent in order to give valid voting certificates or voting instructions as applicableEarly Instruction DeadlineDeadline for receipt by the Tabulation Agent of valid Electronic Voting Instructions from Eligible Noteholders for such Noteholders to be eligible to receive the applicable Consent Fee. Such Electronic Voting Instructions must be in favour of the applicable Extraordinary Resolution in order for the relevant Noteholder to be eligible for the Consent Fee 4.00 p.m. (London Time) on 8 March 2022 Deadline for receipt by the Tabulation Agent of valid Ineligible Noteholder Instructions from Ineligible Noteholders abstaining from voting in respect of the applicable Extraordinary Resolutions for such Ineligible Noteholders to be eligible to receive the Ineligible Noteholder PaymentExpiration DeadlineFinal deadline for receipt by the Tabulation Agent of Electronic Voting Instructions from Noteholders to be able to participate in the relevant Consent Solicitation 4.00 p.m. (London Time) on 15 March 2022 Deadline for making any other arrangements to attend or be represented at a Meeting However  Noteholders making such other arrangements or submitting Electronic Voting Instructions or Ineligible Noteholder Instructions after the Early Instruction Deadline will not be eligible to receive the applicable Consent Fee or Ineligible Noteholder PaymentMeetings In respect of each Series of Notes  Meeting to be held at the offices of Slaughter and May  One Bunhill Row  London EC1Y 8YY 18 March 2022 at: · with respect to the 2026 Notes  10.00 a.m. (London Time) · with respect to the 2030 Notes  10.15 a.m. (London Time) · with respect to the 2048 Notes  10.30 a.m. (London Time) Announcement of results of Meetings and satisfaction of Consent ConditionsIn respect of each Series of Notes  announcement of the results of the Meeting and  if the Extraordinary Resolution passed  whether the Eligibility Condition is satisfied As soon as reasonably practicable after the Meetings Payment DateWhere payable  payment of the applicable Consent Fee or Ineligible Noteholder Payment No later than the second Business Day immediately following the Meeting at which the applicable Extraordinary Resolution is passed Execution and delivery of the Amended and Restated Agency AgreementsIn respect of each Series of Notes  the date on which the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement  Deed of Amendment and Clearing Agreement will be executed if the applicable Proposal is approved by Noteholders Subject to the applicable Extraordinary Resolution and the Consent Conditions being satisfied  as soon as reasonably practicable after the Meeting Implementation DateIn respect of each Series of Notes  the date on which the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement  Deed of Amendment and Clearing Agreement will come into effect and the Conditions will be replaced with the New Conditions as a result Subject to the execution of the relevant agreement  expected to be:· with respect to the 2030 Notes and the 2048 Notes  11 April 2022; and · with respect to the 2026 Notes  7 December 2022If any Meeting is not quorate on the date stated above  such Meeting may be adjourned for such period being not less than 14 days nor more than 42 days to such time and place as the chairman may decide  and notice of any adjourned Meeting shall be given in the same matter as notice of the initial Meeting  save that 10 clear days' (containing the information required for the notice of the initial Meeting) shall be given.In respect to each Series of Notes  the quorum required for the Meeting of Noteholders to consider the Extraordinary Resolution is two or more Noteholders present and holding or representing in aggregate not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. To be passed at a Meeting  an Extraordinary Resolution requires a majority in favour consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of votes of holders of Notes cast. If passed  the Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all holders of Notes  whether present or not at the Meeting and whether or not voting.Noteholders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold their Notes when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Noteholder in order for such Noteholder to participate in  or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) to validly revoke their instruction to participate in  the Consent Solicitation with respect to the relevant Series of Notes and/or the relevant Meeting by the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission and (where permitted) revocation of Electronic Voting Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines above.The Issuer may  at its option and in its sole discretion  extend  or waive the condition of  any Consent Solicitation at any time and may amend or terminate any Consent Solicitation at any time (subject in each case to applicable law and the Meeting Provisions and as provided in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  and provided that no amendment may be made to the terms of the relevant Extraordinary Resolution). Details of any such extension  waiver  amendment or termination will be announced as provided in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum as promptly as practicable after the relevant decision is made.For further information  please contact:THE SOLICITATION AGENTCitigroup Global Markets LimitedCitigroup CentreCanada SquareCanary WharfLondon E14 5LBUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 7986 8969Attention: Liability Management GroupEmail: liabilitymanagement.europe@citi.comTHE TABULATION AGENTLucid Issuer Services LimitedThe Shard32 London Bridge StreetLondon SE1 9SGUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 7704 0880Attention: Thomas ChoquetEmail: euroclear@lucid-is.comWebsite: https://deals.lucid-is.com/euroclearThis announcement relates to the disclosure of information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the EU MAR and UK MAR. For the purposes of Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055  this announcement is made by Harold Finders (Chairman) and Charles Meeus (General Manager) of Euroclear Investments.DisclaimerNone of the Solicitation Agent  the Tabulation Agent or any of their directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates express any opinion on the merits of  or makes any representation or recommendation whatsoever regarding  the Consent Solicitations  the Extraordinary Resolutions or the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or makes any recommendation as to whether Noteholders should participate in any Consent Solicitation or otherwise participate at the Meetings. None of the Solicitation Agent  the Tabulation Agent or any of their directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates have verified  or assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of  any of the information concerning the Consent Solicitations  the Extraordinary Resolutions  the Notes or the factual statements contained in  or the effect or effectiveness of  the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or any other documents referred to in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or assume any responsibility for any failure by the Issuer to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of such information or the terms of any amendment (if any) to any Consent Solicitation.Solicitation and Distribution RestrictionsThe distribution of this announcement and the Consent Solicitation Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law  and persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Consent Solicitation Memorandum comes are required to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Nothing in this announcement  the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or the electronic transmission thereof constitutes or contemplates an offer of  an offer to purchase or the solicitation of an offer to sell securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The Notes have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act  or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and the Notes may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws.Each Noteholder participating in the Consent Solicitation will be required to represent that it is an Eligible Noteholder. Any Electronic Voting Instructions from a Noteholder that is unable to make these representations (and is not an Ineligible Noteholder submitted an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction) will not be accepted. Each of the Issuer  the Solicitation Agent and the Tabulation Agent reserves the right  in its absolute discretion  to investigate  in relation to any submission of Electronic Voting Instructions  whether any such representation given by a Noteholder is correct and  if such investigation is undertaken and as a result the Issuer determines (for any reason) that such representation is not correct  such Electronic Voting Instruction may be rejected.SOURCE Euroclear InvestmentsCisionView original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2022/24/c1362.html",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.15,0.16,0.69,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'Subordinated Resettable Fixed Rate Notes', 'OTHER APPROPRIATELY AUTHORISED FINANCIAL ADVISER', 'valid Electronic Voting Instruction', 'U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS', 'Outstanding principal amount XS1529559525', 'TAX ADVISER AUTHORISED', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS', 'OWN FINANCIAL ADVICE', 'Common code Description', 'securities settlement system', 'possible future relocation', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'UK DOMESTIC LAW', 'U.S. PERSON', 'Consent Solicitation Memorandum', 'applicable Extraordinary Resolution', 'COMPANY WHOSE NOTES', 'Ineligible Noteholder Payment', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL', 'FINANCIAL SERVICES', 'OTHER NOMINEE', 'Instruction Deadline', 'WITHDRAWAL) ACT', 'UK MAR', 'TAX CONSEQUENCES', 'MARKETS ACT', 'TRUST COMPANY', 'governing law', 'UNITED KINGDOM', 'Consent Fee', 'Ineligible Noteholders', 'EU MAR', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'PUERTO RICO', 'AMERICAN SAMOA', 'WAKE ISLAND', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'INDIVIDUAL OR', 'Euroclear Investments', 'corporate seat', 'fiscal residence', 'Tabulation Agent', 'London time', '0.10 per cent', 'requisite majority', 'new terms', 'full terms', 'Capitalised terms', 'BANK MANAGER', 'National Bank', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Senior Notes', 'relevant Series', 'relevant Meeting', 'New Conditions', '2026 Notes', '2030 Notes', '2048 Notes', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'Feb.', 'CNW', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'DISCLOSURE', 'PURPOSES', 'ARTICLE', 'FORMS', 'PART', 'VIRTUE', 'EUWA', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'TERRITORIES', 'POSSESSIONS', 'GUAM', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'PUBLISH', 'DOCUMENT', 'DOUBT', 'ACTION', 'ITS', 'BROKER', 'SOLICITOR', 'ACCOUNTANT', 'BEHALF', 'DEALER', 'CUSTODIAN', 'SUCH', 'ENTITY', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'Issuer', 'invitations', 'respect', 'replacement', 'Belgium', 'NBB', 'successor', 'advance', 'Re-domiciliation', 'provisions', 'impact', 'Proposals', 'deals', 'conjunction', 'meanings', 'favour', '8 March', 'same', 'equal', 'subject', 'relation', 'passing', 'quorum', 'votes', 'confirmation', 'status', 'right', '4.00']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,ca.finance.yahoo.com
133,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/complement-press-release-notice-extraordinary-134500123.html,Complement to press release: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of LIDDS AB (publ),Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in LIDDS AB (publ)The shareholders in LIDDS AB (publ) (reg.Attendance at the Extraordinary General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (“ Euroclear ”)  on Thursday  3 March 2022  andgive notice of attendance to the Company under address: LIDDS AB (publ)  Attn.Shareholders can participate and vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting personally or by proxy.Shareholders represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney in original  along with other authorisation documents  when giving notice of attendance to the Extraordinary General Meeting  and shall  at the latest  present such documents at the entrance to the Extraordinary General Meeting.The documents will also be available at the Extraordinary General Meeting.,"LIDDS ABIn the press release published on February 22  2022  the appendix with the notice was missing. The notice is attached to this press release  which otherwise corresponds with the previously issued press release. The supplement was submitted for publication on February 24  2022.Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in LIDDS AB (publ)The shareholders in LIDDS AB (publ) (reg. no. 556580-2856) (the “Company” or “LIDDS”) are hereby convened to the Extraordinary General Meeting on Friday  11 March 2022 at 12.00 (CET) in the Company’s premises at Uppsala Business Park with visiting address Rapsgatan 7  Uppsala.Attendance at the Extraordinary General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (“ Euroclear ”)  on Thursday  3 March 2022  andgive notice of attendance to the Company under address: LIDDS AB (publ)  Attn. Jenni Björnulfson  Virdings Allé 32B  754 50 Uppsala or by e-mail to info@liddspharma.com  at the latest on Monday  7 March 2022.When giving notice of attendance  shareholders must state their name  civil registration number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and  where applicable  number of accompanying assistants (no more than two). Shareholders can participate and vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting personally or by proxy.Nominee-registered sharesThose shareholders who has registered the shares with a bank or another nominee must  in order to be entitled to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting  temporary register the shares for voting in its own name (voting registration). The nominee must have performed the voting registration with Euroclear by Monday  7 March 2022  at the latest. Therefore  the shareholder must contact its nominee well in advance of such day and request that the nominee effectuate such registration.ProxyShareholders represented by proxy shall issue a written  signed and dated power of attorney for the proxy. A power of attorney may be valid for up to five years from issuance if specifically indicated. If no period of validity is indicated  the power of attorney is valid for a maximum of one year. Shareholders represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney in original  along with other authorisation documents  when giving notice of attendance to the Extraordinary General Meeting  and shall  at the latest  present such documents at the entrance to the Extraordinary General Meeting. A form of power of attorney is provided on the Company’s website www.liddspharma.com and is sent to those shareholders who request it and state their postal address. Representatives of legal persons must present a copy of the legal person’s certificate of registration and/or other authorisation documents demonstrating the right to act on behalf of the legal person.Story continuesNumber of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  there are a total of 33 989 791 shares and votes in the Company. The Company holds no own shares.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Proposal for resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to issue convertibles Closing of the meetingProposals for resolutionElection of Chairman of the meeting (Item 2)The Board of Directors proposes to elect Jan Törnell as Chairman of the Extraordinary General Meeting.Proposal for resolution on authorisation for the Board of Directors to issue convertibles (Item 7)Background to the proposalOn 22 February 2022  the Company announced that it has entered into an agreement (the ""Financing Agreement"") with Nice & Green S.A.  a private Swiss company that specialises in tailored financing solutions (“N&G”). According to the Financing Agreement  N&G has committed to subscribe for convertibles with a total nominal amount of up to SEK 40 800 000  divided into four tranches of SEK 10 200 000 each. Pursuant to the Financing Agreement  the Company has undertaken to procure that a general meeting of the shareholders in the Company resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on issues of convertibles.Due to registration technical reasons  each resolution regarding issue of convertibles must stipulate a minimum conversion rate. At each issue resolution  this minimum conversion rate forms the basis for the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon conversion of issued convertibles. According to the Financing Agreement  the convertibles are convertible into shares at a conversion rate corresponding to the highest of (i) a certain minimum rate to be calculated based on  inter alia  the number of outstanding tranches under the Financing Agreement and the limitations of the articles of association at the time for the issue of each convertible (the “Minimum Rate”) and (ii) 93 per cent. of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price for the Company’s share during the six trading days preceding the request for conversion.If the proposed authorisation is approved  and based on the initial Minimum Rate pursuant to the above  the Board of Directors shall  until the next Annual General Meeting  be able to resolve on issues of convertibles that entitles for conversion to a maximum of 25 760 209 shares. However  it should be noted that as long as 93 per cent. of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price for the Company’s share during the six trading days preceding the day for the request for conversion exceeds the Minimum Rate  the conversion rate so calculated will be applied and the number of shares issued at conversion will then be lower than the maximum number as per the above. For further information regarding the Financing Agreement  please refer to the Company’s press release on 22 February 2022.The Board of Directors’ proposalThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to  within the scope of the articles of association  with deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights  on one or several occasions during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve to issue convertibles in the Company. Such issues may only be made in accordance with the Financing Agreement and the number of shares that may be issued upon conversion of so issued convertibles shall be a maximum of 25 760 209 shares.The purpose of the authorisation and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights is for the Company to be able to draw tranches under the Financing Agreement and thereby being able to meet such need for flexible financing that the Company's product development operations require.The Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors  the Chief Executive Officer or any person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall be authorised to make any minor amendments and clarifications of the Extraordinary General Meeting’s resolution that are required in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Companies Registration Office.Majority requirementA valid resolution in accordance with the Board of Director’s proposal requires that shareholders representing not less than two-thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the meeting approve the resolution.Information at the Extraordinary General MeetingThe Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer shall according to the Companies Act  at the request by a shareholder and provided that it can be done without material damage to the Company  at the General Meeting disclose information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda for the Extraordinary General Meeting. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may send them to LIDDS AB (publ)  Attn. Jenni Björnulfson  Virdings Allé 32B  754 50 Uppsala or by e-mail to info@liddspharma.com.DocumentsDocuments according to the Companies Act will be available for shareholders at the Company and on the Company’s website www.liddspharma.com  no later than two weeks before the Extraordinary General Meeting. All of these documents will also  without charge  be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address. The documents will also be available at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear’s webpage  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .__________________________________________________Uppsala in February 2022LIDDS AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contactNina Herne  CEOPhone: +46 (0)70 714 74 57 E-mail: nina.herne@liddspharma.comJenni Björnulfson  CFOPhone: +46 (0)708 55 38 05E-mail: jenni.bjornulfson@liddspharma.comLIDDS Certified Adviser is Redeye AB.Tel: [+46] 8 121 576 90E-mail: certifiedadviser@redeye.seThe information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the aforementioned contact person  on February 24  2022 at 14.45 CET.LIDDS in brief:LIDDS is a Swedish drug delivery company based on the proprietary technology NanoZolid®. With NanoZolid®  LIDDS can formulate drugs for local administration  with a maintained and controlled release for up to six months. The technology is versatile  can be used across different drug classes and solve problems within many indication areas. LIDDS offers the NanoZolid® technology to partners and has developed its own pipeline focused on oncology  where the technology enables delivery of a local and high drug dose  administered over time with very limited side effects. LIDDS has a broad pipeline with several projects in clinical development  both in early and late-stage clinical phase  and projects about to enter clinical development. The company is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth market.Attachment",neutral,0.34,0.65,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.29,0.44,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'LIDDS AB', 'Complement', 'press', 'release', 'Notice', 'lowest daily volume-weighted average pr', 'up to five years', 'Jenni Björnulfson', 'Virdings Allé 32B', 'Jan Törnell', 'Green S.A.', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'tailored financing solutions', 'total nominal amount', 'registration technical reasons', 'Uppsala Business Park', 'other authorisation documents', 'private Swiss company', 'minimum conversion rate', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'civil registration number', 'corporate registration number', 'voting list Election', 'minimum rate', 'LIDDS AB', 'press release', 'share register', 'accompanying assistants', 'voting registration', 'legal persons', 'two persons', 'Financing Agreement', 'N&G', 'four tranches', 'outstanding tranches', '93 per cent', 'telephone number', 'one year', 'maximum number', 'The Company', 'postal address', 'dated power', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'agenda Proposal', 'issue resolution', '754 50 Uppsala', '33,989,791 shares', 'February', 'appendix', 'notice', 'supplement', 'publication', 'shareholders', 'Friday', 'March', 'CET', 'premises', 'visiting', 'Rapsgatan', 'Attendance', 'Thursday', 'Attn.', 'mail', 'info', 'liddspharma', 'Monday', 'name', 'proxy', 'bank', 'order', 'advance', 'written', 'attorney', 'issuance', 'period', 'validity', 'original', 'entrance', 'form', 'website', 'Representatives', 'copy', 'certificate', 'right', 'behalf', 'Story', 'votes', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Board', 'Directors', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'Item', 'Background', 'Nice', 'SEK', 'issues', 'basis', 'limitations', 'articles', 'association', 'time']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
134,Euroclear,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/oma-savings-bank-plc-notice-133500760.html,Oma Savings Bank Plc: Notice of Annual General Meeting,Oma Säästöpankki OyjOMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  24 FEBRUARY 2022 AT 15.35 P.M EET  NOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Oma Savings Bank Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on Wednesday 30 March 2022 at 13 pm Finnish time at Oma Savings Bank Plc  Kluuvikatu 3  7th floor  Helsinki.Oma Savings Bank Plc may  if it so wishes  require original power of attorney if the company deems it necessary.On the date of this notice  24 February 2022  Oma Savings Bank Plc has a total of 30 150 188 shares  representing an equal number of votes.Oma Savings Bank follows the official instructions in all arrangements and updates the instructions for the AGM if the situation so requires.+358 50 66592  minna.sillanpaa@omasp.fiDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdMajor mediawww.omasp.fiOmaSp is a growing Finnish bank and the largest savings bank in Finland based on total assets.,Oma Säästöpankki OyjOMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  24 FEBRUARY 2022 AT 15.35 P.M EET  NOTICE TO ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe shareholders of Oma Savings Bank Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on Wednesday 30 March 2022 at 13 pm Finnish time at Oma Savings Bank Plc  Kluuvikatu 3  7th floor  Helsinki.The company's Board of Directors has decided on an exceptional meeting procedure based on the temporary legislative act (375/2021) approved by the Finnish Parliament to limit the spread of the corona pandemic in order to take into account the health and safety of shareholders  company personnel and other stakeholders.Shareholders of the company and their representatives may attend the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance and by submitting counterproposals and questions in advance. It is not possible to attend the AGM in person at the meeting place.Shareholders who have registered for the AGM have the opportunity to follow the AGM via a direct video connection. Shareholders following the meeting are not considered to participate in the AGM  so they do not have  among other things  the right to ask questions or vote during the AGM. Instructions for ordering the link can be found in section C Instructions for the participants in the AGM.The company will publish the recorded speeches of the Chairman of the Board and the CEO on the company's website after the meeting. Shareholders are asked to note that the videotaped recordings are not part of the AGM or official AGM material.A. Matters on the agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Chairman is lawyer Juha Koponen. If Juha Koponen does not have the opportunity to act as Chairman due to a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will nominate a person it deems most suitable to act as Chairman.3. Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesStory continuesHelena Juutilainen  the company's Chief Legal Officer  will act as the person to confirm the minutes and supervise the counting of votes. If Helena Juutilainen does not have the opportunity to act as the person to confirm the minutes and supervise the counting of the votes due to a weighty reason  the Board of Directors will nominate a person it deems most suitable to act as a person to confirm the minutes and supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders who have voted in advance within the advance voting period and have the right to attend the AGM under Chapter 6  Section 6 and Chapter 5  Section 6a of the Finnish Companies Act shall be deemed shareholders represented at the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted based on information delivered by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditors’ Report for the year 2021Review by the CEO. The company's 2021 Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors and Auditor's Report will be published no later than 9 March 2022 and will be available on the company's website as of publication https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022.Since the AGM can only be attended through an advance voting  the 2021 Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report  shall be considered to have been presented to the AGM.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and Consolidated Financial StatementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Financial Statements. The company's auditor has advocated the approval of the Financial Statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to pay an actual dividend of EUR 0.30 per share for the financial year 2021. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to pay an additional dividend of EUR 0.20 per share for the financial year 2021. A total dividend of EUR 0.50 per share would be paid for the financial year 2021.A shareholder who is entered in the company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend on 1 April 2022 is entitled to a dividend. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend shall be paid in accordance with the rules of Euroclear Finland Ltd on 8 April 2022.Since the Board of Directors proposes to be distributed less than provided for in Section 7 of Chapter 13 of the Finnish Companies Act  shareholders are alternatively entitled to demand a dividend of a minority dividend under that provision. The size of the minority dividend would be EUR 32.1 million (as per the date of the notice of the meeting  EUR 1.07 per share)  i.e. 8% of the company's equity. A dividend of a minority dividend should be distributed if required by shareholders holding at least one-tenth of all shares. A requirement for a minority dividend would be considered made if a shareholder voted in favour of a minority dividend in an advance voting  and no separate claim or counterproposal is required.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year from 1 January 2021 to 31 December 202110. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies describes the implementation of the Company's remuneration policy and details on the remuneration of the company's Board members and the CEO and the Deputy CEO during the previous accounting period.Since the AGM can only be attended through an advance voting  the company's Remuneration Report released on Wednesday 9 March 2022 and available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than the date mentioned above  is considered to have been presented to the AGM.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Remuneration Report 2021. The AGM's decision on the remuneration report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors will be kept unchanged and paid as follows:Annual fees:• Chairman EUR 55 000• Vice Chairman EUR 41 250• Member EUR 27 500Meeting fees:• EUR 1 000 per meeting• EUR 500/one-thing e-mail meeting and committee meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes as a condition for receiving and paying the fixed annual remuneration  the member of the Board of Directors  commits to purchase Oma Savings Bank Plc shares amounting to 40% of the fixed annual remuneration on the regulated market (Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd) at a price determined by trading. It is the recommendation of the Nomination Committee that the member of the Board of Directors would not transfer the shares awarded as an annual remuneration until the membership in the Board has expired.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee proposes proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors be set at seven (7)  the number of Board members shall remain unchanged.13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Committee proposes that the current Board members Aila Hemminki  Aki Jaskari  Timo Kokkala  Jyrki Mäkynen  Jarmo Partanen  Jarmo Salmi and Jaana Sandström to be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.All nominees have given their consent to the election and are independent at the time of the election in their relationship with the company and its significant shareholders.All candidates are proposed to be elected for the period starting at the 2022 AGM  which will end at the end of the AGM 2023.Additional information on the members of the Board of Directors is available on the company’s webpages https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board proposes that the remuneration to the auditor is paid on the basis of reasonable invoicing.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm authorised public accountants  shall continue to be elected as the auditor for the term beginning at the end of the AGM in 2022 and ending at the end of the 2023 AGM.KPMG Oy Ab has indicated that if it is elected as an auditor M.Sc. (Econ.)  APA Fredrik Westerholm would continue as auditor-in-charge.16. Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue  the transfer of own shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares or transfer of the company's shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  subject to the following conditions:Shares and special rights can be issued or disposed of in one or more instalments  either in return for payment or free of charge.The total number of shares to be issued under the authorisation  including shares acquired on the basis of special rights  cannot exceed 4 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 13 per cent of the company's total shares on the day of the AGM.The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions related to the issuance of shares. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of own shares. A share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares include the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders if there is a weighty financial reason for the company (special issue). A special share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly weighty financial reason from the point of view of the company and in the interest of all its shareholders.The authorisation is proposed to be valid until the end of the next AGM  but not later than 30 June 2023. The authorisation revokes previous authorisations given by the AGM to decide on a share issue  as well as the option rights and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company's own shares with funds belonging to the company's free equity under the following conditions:Maximum number of 1 000 000 own shares may be repurchased  representing approximately 3.3% of the company's total shares according to the situation on the date of the notice of the meeting  however  that the number of own shares held by the company does not exceed 10% of the company’s total shares of the company at any time. This amount includes the own shares held by the company itself and its subsidiaries within the meaning of Chapter 15  Section 11 (1) of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide how to acquire own shares.Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase) at the price formed in public trading organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or at a price otherwise formed on the market. Own shares may be repurchased in one or more tranches.Shares purchased by the company may be held by it  cancelled or transferred. The Board of Directors decides on other matters related to the repurchasing of own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation repeal previous authorisations granted by the AGM to decide on the repurchase of own shares.It is proposed that the authorisation remain valid until the closing of the next AGM  but not later than 30 June 2023.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available on Oma Savings Bank Plc’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022. Oma Savings Bank Plc’s Financial Statements  the Report by the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report and the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website 9 March 2022. Copies of the above-mentioned documents will be sent to shareholders on request. The minutes of the AGM will be available on the above-mentioned website from 13 April 2022.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General MeetingA shareholder may attend the AGM and exercise his/her rights there only by voting in advance  either in person or through a representative  in accordance with the instructions below.1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerShareholder  who is registered in the company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd as at 18 March 2022  has the right to participate in the AGM. A shareholder  whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholder’s register of the company. A shareholder may participate in the AGM only by voting in advance and submitting counterproposals and questions in advance as described below.2. Notice of participation and voting in advanceRegistration and advance voting will begin on 4 March 2022 at 10.00 am Finnish time  after the deadline for submitting counterproposals for voting has expired. A shareholder entered in the company's shareholder register who wishes to participate in the AGM by voting in advance must register for the AGM and vote in advance no later than 24 March 2022 at 10:00 am Finnish time  by which time the registration and votes must be received.For register purposes  the shareholder is required to give his/her name and personal identification code or business ID  address  telephone number as well as the name and personal identification code of any representative. In addition  for community registering a community book-entry account will be required to provide. The personal details that shareholders give to Oma Savings Bank Plc and Euroclear Finland Ltd will only be used for necessary purposes associated with the AGM and processing the relevant registrations.Shareholder with a Finnish book-entry account can register and vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda during the period 4 March 2022 at 10.00 am Finnish time – 24 March 2022 10.00 am Finnish time.a) on the company’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022Electronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative with Finnish online banking codes or a mobile certificate;b) by regular mail or e-mailA shareholder voting in advance must submit the advance voting form available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 or similar information by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd at Euroclear Finland Ltd  AGM  P.O. Box 1110  00101 Helsinki or by email at yhtiokokous@euroclear.euIf a shareholder participates in the AGM by delivering votes in advance by regular mail or email  the delivering of votes in advance prior to the expiration of the deadline for registration and advance voting shall be considered as registration at the AGM  provided that the shareholder registration includes the information required for registration mentioned on the advance voting form.The instructions concerning voting are available on the company’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than 4 March 2022 10.00 am Finnish time.3. Representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights through a representative. A representative authorised by a shareholder may also attend the meeting only by voting in advance on behalf of the shareholder as described in this invitation. The representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which the representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he or she represents. The representative must present a dated power of attorney  or he or she must otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner that he or she is entitled to represent the shareholder. The right of legal representation can be demonstrated by utilizing the suomi.fi authorisations service available in the electronic registration service.If a shareholder is represented by more than one representative at the AGM  each of whom represents the shareholder with shares by the shareholder in different book-entry accounts  the shares by held which each representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the AGM.The template of power of attorney and voting instructions are available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than Friday 4 March 2022 at 10.00 am Finnish time. Powers of attorney are requested to be delivered primarily by email to lakiasiat@omasp.fi or by letter at the address Oma Savings Bank Plc  Legal Matters  Kluuvikatu 3  7. krs  00100 Helsinki before the end of the registration period. Oma Savings Bank Plc may  if it so wishes  require original power of attorney if the company deems it necessary.4. Holder of a nominee-registered shareThe holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the AGM on the basis of the shares of which he or she would be entitled to be registered shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the AGM 18 March 2022. The right to participate also requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd no later than on 25 March 2022 10.00 am Finnish time. In the case of shares registered in the nominee register  this is considered to be a registration for the AGM. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the number of votes of the shareholder.The holder of a nominee-registered share is advised to request the necessary instructions from his / her custodian in good time regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register  the issuing of power of attorney and registration for the AGM. The account management organization of the custodian bank will temporary register the holder of nominee-registered share  who wants to participate in the AGM  into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the time stated above and arrange advance voting on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholder. Further information is also available on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022.5. Other informationMaking counterproposalsShareholders holding at least one hundredth of all the shares in the company have the right to make a counterproposal to the voting proposals on the agenda of the AGM. Such counterproposals must be submitted to the company by e-mail to lakiasiat@omasp.fi no later than Wednesday 2 March 2022 at 4:00 pm Finnish time. Shareholders making counterproposals must in connection with delivering the counterproposal present evidence on his / her shareholdings. The counterproposal will be considered at the AGM  provided that the shareholder has the right to participate in the AGM and that the shareholder holds shares corresponding to at least one hundredth of all the shares in the company on the record date of the AGM. If the counterproposal will not be taken up for consideration at the AGM  the votes given in favor of the counterproposal will not be taken into account. The company will publish any counterproposals to be put to a vote on the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 no later than 4 March 2022.Presenting questionsA shareholder may present questions pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act on matters to be discussed at the meeting by e-mail to lakiasiat@omasp.fi or by regular mail to address Oma Savings Bank Plc  Lakiasiat  Kluuvikatu 3  7. krs. 00100 Helsinki until 11 March 2022 16.00 pm Finnish time  by which time the questions must be received. Such questions by shareholders  responses to such questions by the company’s management as well as other counterproposals than those put up to a vote are available on the company’s website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 by no later than 22 March 2022. As a precondition for presenting questions or counterproposals  a shareholder must present evidence on his / her shareholdings.Instructions for following the webcast of the meetingShareholders registered in Oma Savings Bank's shareholder register no later than the record date of 18 March 2022 have the opportunity to follow the meeting via a webcast in Finnish by notifying in connection with registration and providing e-mail information for submitting a link. The webcast link is personal. Through a webcast  shareholders are not considered to be attending the AGM. It is not possible to speak or vote remotely.On the date of this notice  24 February 2022  Oma Savings Bank Plc has a total of 30 150 188 shares  representing an equal number of votes. On the date of the notice of the meeting  the company holds 203 065 own shares. According to the Finnish Companies Act  a share owned by the company or its subsidiary cannot be used to participate in the AGM.Oma Savings Bank follows the official instructions in all arrangements and updates the instructions for the AGM if the situation so requires. Participants in the AGM are asked to follow the company's website https://sijoittaminen.omasp.fi/en/general-meeting-2022 for any additional instructions or changes.Oma Savings Bank PlcBoard of DirectorsLisätietoja:Helena Juutilainen  CLO  tel. +358 40 580 6401  helena.juutilainen@omasp.fiMinna Sillanpää  CCO  tel. +358 50 66592  minna.sillanpaa@omasp.fiDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdMajor mediawww.omasp.fiOmaSp is a growing Finnish bank and the largest savings bank in Finland based on total assets. About 330 professionals provide nationwide services through OmaSp’s 35 branch offices and digital service channels to over 150 000 customers. OmaSp focuses primarily on retail banking operations and provides its clients with a broad range of banking services both through its own balance sheet as well as by acting as an intermediary for its partners’ products. The intermediated products include credit  investment and loan insurance products. OmaSp is also engaged in mortgage banking operations.OmaSp core idea is to provide personal service and to be local and close to its customers  both in digital and traditional channels. OmaSp strives to offer premium level customer experience through personal service and easy accessibility. In addition  the development of the operations and services is customer-oriented. The personnel is committed and OmaSp seeks to support their career development with versatile tasks and continuous development. A substantial part of the personnel also own shares in OmaSp.,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,mixed,0.3,0.16,0.54,True,English,"['Oma Savings Bank Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'OMA SAVINGS BANK PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Oma Säästöpankki Oyj', 'temporary legislative act', 'direct video connection', 'Chief Legal Officer', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'exceptional meeting procedure', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'official AGM material', 'advance voting period', 'Finnish time', 'Finnish Parliament', '2021 Financial Statements', '7th floor', 'corona pandemic', 'other stakeholders', 'other things', 'videotaped recordings', 'A. Matters', 'Juha Koponen', 'weighty reason', 'Helena Juutilainen', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'shareholder rights', 'shareholder register', 'meeting place', 'Wednesday 30 March', 'actual dividend', 'additional dividend', 'total dividend', 'record date', 'minority dividend', 'section C', 'Auditors’ Report', 'company personnel', 'The Board', '9 March', 'AGM.', '24 FEBRUARY', 'NOTICE', 'shareholders', 'Kluuvikatu', 'Helsinki', 'Directors', 'spread', 'order', 'account', 'health', 'safety', 'representatives', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'opportunity', 'Instructions', 'link', 'participants', 'speeches', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'website', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'lawyer', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'Story', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Chapter', 'information', 'Presentation', 'Review', 'publication', 'sijoittaminen', 'omasp', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '1 April', 'accordance', 'rules', '8 April', 'provision', 'size', 'equity', 'one-tenth', 'shares', 'requirement', '15.35', '13']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,ca.finance.yahoo.com
135,Euroclear,Bing API,https://au.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-convening-annual-general-meeting-101900653.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,"This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives or third parties.Notice of participation is not required to solely be able to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website.A shareholder who has given notice of participation online in the Annual General Meeting has the opportunity to also vote by post according to the instructions under the ""Postal voting"" section below and still participate in the Annual General Meeting online  for example to be able to ask questions.In addition  shareholders participating online may ask questions at the Annual General Meeting through a chat service and may also submit questions in advance by e-mail to agm@electrolux.com  for their questions to be answered at the Annual General Meeting.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 18 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 30  2022 at 4.00 p.m. (CEST).Due to Covid-19  the Board of Directors has decided that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted online through electronic connection with the shareholders in accordance with the Act on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations that will enter into force on March 1  2022. This means that the Annual General Meeting will be conducted without the physical presence of shareholders  representatives or third parties. The shareholders can exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by participating online or by postal voting as instructed below.In order to enable the Annual General Meeting to be held online  the Board of Directors has resolved  in accordance with the temporary law that will enter into force on March 1  2022  that also persons who are not shareholders of the company are entitled to follow the discussions at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders and others will also have the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 (however  without being able to vote or ask questions). Notice of participation is not required to solely be able to follow the Annual General Meeting via the Group's website.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationOnline participationA person who wishes to participate online in the Annual General Meeting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 22  2022; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 24  2022The notification must include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants. Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney for the representative. A written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be sent to the company in advance to the address above for receipt by March 28  2022  in order for Euroclear Sweden AB to be able to timely distribute login details. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory  shall be sent to the address stated above.Story continuesIndividual login details and further instructions for participation online will be sent to shareholders and representatives that have given notice of participation online. The instructions for participation online are also available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022. The individual login details will be distributed to shareholders on an ongoing basis  as shareholders give notice of participation  to the address listed in the share register. The individual login details will be distributed to representatives on an ongoing basis  as soon as a valid power of attorney has been received and approved by the company  to the address of the representative stated in the notice of participation. Shareholders may – by registering via the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  verifying their identity through BankID and stating their e-mail address – choose to receive the instructions by e-mail.On the day of the Annual General Meeting  login can take place no earlier than 3.30 p.m. (CEST) and must have taken place no later than 4.00 p.m. (CEST). Login for online participation cannot take place after 4.00 p.m. (CEST). The online participation is administrated by Euroclear Sweden AB and its subcontractor Lumi Global. The meeting ID is 142-928-995. To participate in the Annual General Meeting online  the participant shall go to Lumi Global's website https://web.lumiconnect.com/142-928-995 and enter the unique username and password that have been distributed to those who have given notice of participation.For online participants  the following rules apply (which the participant accepts by choosing to participate online).It will be possible to ask questions online during the Annual General Meeting via a chat service.In order to participate and vote online  a steady network connection is required throughout the Annual General Meeting  and it is the shareholder's or proxy's own responsibility to ensure a steady network connection. It is possible to participate online through a computer  a smartphone or another internet connected device. Electrolux has carefully prepared to enable participation and voting online. However  it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies. Therefore  it is important to note that a shareholder who wants to be certain of being able to vote should choose to vote by post.A shareholder who has given notice of participation online in the Annual General Meeting has the opportunity to also vote by post according to the instructions under the ""Postal voting"" section below and still participate in the Annual General Meeting online  for example to be able to ask questions.Postal votingA person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 22  2022; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 24  2022  by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available at the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and will be provided by the company upon request. In case of postal voting only  no separate notification of participation in the Annual General Meeting is required.The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Thursday  March 24  2022. The completed and signed form must be sent by post to AB Electrolux (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their votes electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/. Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Thursday  March 24  2022.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the form. Proxy forms are available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022 and are also provided by the company upon request. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory must be attached to the form.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.A shareholder who has voted by post may also participate online  provided that notification has been made in accordance with the instructions under the ""Online participation"" section above.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date Tuesday  March 22  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registration that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 24  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the Group.Requests for such information can be made in writing to the company no later than ten days prior to the Annual General Meeting  i.e. no later than March 20  2022  at the address AB Electrolux (publ)  General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at agm@electrolux.com. The questions and responses will be made available on the Group's website www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  no later than March 25  2022  and at the company's head office  S:t Göransgatan 143 in Stockholm  Sweden on the same date. The information will also be sent to the shareholders who requested it and stated their address.In addition  shareholders participating online may ask questions at the Annual General Meeting through a chat service and may also submit questions in advance by e-mail to agm@electrolux.com  for their questions to be answered at the Annual General Meeting. A moderator will sort and categorize questions asked to facilitate for the Chairman of the Meeting and to avoid repetitions. Since it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies  it is important to note that a shareholder who wants to be certain of being able to ask a question should choose to submit written questions in advance  in accordance with the above.Agenda1. Election of Chairman of the Meeting.2. Election of two minutes-checkers.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been properly convened.6. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Audit Report for the Group.7. Presentation by the President and CEO  Jonas Samuelson.8. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet.9. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President for 2021.10. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the company's profit pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet and determination of record dates for dividend.11. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputy Directors.12. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor.13. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.a) Election of Staffan Bohman as Director. (re-election)b) Election of Petra Hedengran as Director. (re-election)c) Election of Henrik Henriksson as Director. (re-election)d) Election of Ulla Litzén as Director. (re-election)e) Election of Karin Overbeck as Director. (re-election)f) Election of Fredrik Persson as Director. (re-election)g) Election of David Porter as Director. (re-election)h) Election of Jonas Samuelson as Director. (re-election)i) Election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman. (re-election)14. Election of Auditor.15. Resolution on approval of Remuneration Report.16. Resolutions ona) amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association;b) the reduction of the share capital by means of cancellation of repurchased shares; andc) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new shares.17. Resolutions ona) acquisition of own shares;b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andc) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020.18. Resolutions ona) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2022; andb) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2022.19. Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association to allow persons not being shareholders of the company to attend General Meetings of the company  if so resolved by the Board of Directors.20. Closing of the meeting.Item 1 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Thomas Risbecker (AMF – Försäkring och Fonder)  Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of the company)  proposes:Eva Hägg  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as chairman of the Annual General Meeting or in the event she is prevented from participating  the person appointed by the Nomination Committee.Item 2 – Election of two minutes-checkersThe Board of Directors proposes Carina Silberg  Alecta  and Anders Oscarsson  AMF – Försäkring och Fonder  or if one or both of them are prevented from participating  the person(s) appointed by the Board of Directors  to check the minutes. The assignment to check the minutes also include checking the voting list and that the received postal votes are correctly reflected in the minutes of the meeting.Item 3 – Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list proposed to be approved is the voting list prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the company  based on the General Meeting share register  received postal votes and persons having logged in for participation in the Annual General Meeting online  as controlled and checked by the persons assigned to check the minutes.Item 10 – Dividend and record datesThe Board of Directors proposes a dividend for the fiscal year 2021 of SEK 9.20 per share. The dividend is proposed to be paid in two equal installments of SEK 4.60 per installment and share  the first with the record date Friday  April 1  2022  and the second with the record date Friday  September 30  2022. Subject to resolution by the Annual General Meeting in accordance with this proposal  the first installment of dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  April 6  2022 and the second installment on Wednesday  October 5  2022.Item 11 – Number of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes:Eight Directors and no Deputy Directors.Item 12 – Fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees as follows to Directors not employed by Electrolux:SEK 2 400 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 700 000 to each of the other Directors appointed by the Annual General Meeting;for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors: SEK 300 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 190 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee and SEK 175 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 120 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee; andSEK 60 000 to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors to participate in any other committee established by the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee also proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 – Election of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes:Re-election of Directors Staffan Bohman  Petra Hedengran  Henrik Henriksson  Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck  Fredrik Persson  David Porter and Jonas Samuelson.Re-election of Staffan Bohman as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Item 14 – Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (""PwC"") as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.The Audit Committee recommends election of the audit firm PwC as the preferred alternative and election of the audit firm Ernst & Young AB as the secondary alternative. PwC is the Audit Committee's preferred alternative for the following reasons. PwC has relevant experience from large multinational listed companies and fully meet Electrolux requirements in terms of competence  resources  quality and tools. PwC has also made the most attractive offer compared to the other firms with respect to lead team  audit profile  work procedure  local presence and fee level.Item 15 – Approval of Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 16 – Resolutions on a) amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association  b) the reduction of the share capital by means of cancellation of repurchased shares and c) increase of the share capital through a bonus issue without issuance of new sharesElectrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares. As of December 31  2021  Electrolux held 25 842 915 own shares of series B  corresponding to approximately 8.4 per cent of the total number of shares in the company.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to amend the maximum and minimum number of shares in the Articles of Association  to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares  and to increase the share capital by way of a bonus issue in accordance with item a)  b) and c) below. The resolutions are conditional upon each other.16 a) Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to amend Article 5  first paragraph  in the Articles of Association in accordance with the below:Article 5  first paragraph The number of shares shall be not less than 300 000 000 and not more than 1 200 000 000. Article 5  first paragraph The number of shares shall be not less than 200 000 000 and not more than 800 000 000.16 b) Reduction of share capital by cancelling sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital by way of cancellation of own shares. The purpose of the reduction is allocation to unrestricted equity.The reduction of the share capital shall be made by cancellation of 25 842 915 own shares of series B that are held by the company. The reduction of the share capital will be SEK 129 214 575 by way of cancellation of 25 842 915 shares of series B. The reduction requires an amendment of the maximum and minimum number of shares in Article 5 of the Articles of Association  as set out under item a) above.The resolution to reduce the share capital under this item b) may be effectuated without obtaining an authorization from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or  in disputed cases  a court of general jurisdiction  as the company simultaneously effectuates a bonus issue (as set out under item c) below) with an amount corresponding to no less than the amount the share capital is being reduced with as set out above. Combined  these measures entail that neither the company's restricted equity nor its share capital is reduced.16 c) Bonus issueWith the purpose of restoring the share capital after the proposed reduction of the share capital  as set out under item b) above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves on a bonus issue to increase the company's share capital by SEK 129 214 575 through a transfer of SEK 129 214 575 from the company's unrestricted equity. The bonus issue shall be carried out without the issuance of new shares.Statement by the Board of Directors pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies ActIn view of the Board of Directors' proposal for resolution on reduction of the share capital through cancellation of shares  the Board of Directors hereby issues the following statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act.It follows from the proposal on reduction of the share capital that the Board proposes that the company's share capital shall be reduced by SEK 129 214 575 through cancellation of 25 842 915 shares of series B for allocation to unrestricted equity.To achieve a quick and efficient cancellation procedure without the requirement of obtaining the Swedish Companies Registration Office's or a general court's permission  the Board has also proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on restoring the company's share capital to its current amount by increasing the share capital withSEK 129 214 575 by way of a bonus issue without issuance of new shares.The amount is to be transferred from the company's unrestricted equity to the company's share capital.Through the reduction of the share capital due to the cancellation of shares  the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 129 214 575 and through the bonus issue the company's share capital is increased by the same amount. The company's restricted equity and share capital will therefore remain unchanged after the implementation of the bonus issue.Following completion of the reduction of the share capital and the bonus issue  the number of shares will be 283 077 393.AuthorizationThe Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  or whom they authorize  to make such minor adjustments to the resolutions according to items 16 a)  b)  and c) above as may be required for registration of the resolutions with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB and to take such other measures required to execute the resolutions.Conditions and majority requirementsThe resolutions under items 16 a)  b)  and c) are conditional upon each other. In order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 16 a) and b) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 17 – Resolutions on a) acquisition of own shares  b) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions  and c) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020Electrolux has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meetings  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions and as a hedge for the company's share related incentive programs. In October 2021  the Board of Directors resolved to repurchase a maximum of 9 369 172 own shares of series B during the period October 28  2021 to March 25  2022. The Board of Directors has proposed that the Annual General Meeting 2022 resolves to reduce the share capital by cancellation of 25 842 915 own shares of series B  as set out under item 16 b) above.The Board of Directors makes the assessment that it continues to be advantageous for the company to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value  and to continue to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the company's share related incentive programs.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.17 a) Acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on acquisitions of shares in the company as follows.1. The company may acquire as a maximum so many shares of series B that  following each acquisition  the company holds at a maximum 10 per cent of all shares issued by the company.2. The shares may be acquired on Nasdaq Stockholm.3. Acquisition of shares may only be made at a price per share at each time within the prevailing price interval for the share.4. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.The purpose of the proposal is to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the company's share related incentive programs  and to be able to adapt the company's capital structure  thereby contributing to increased shareholder value.The Board of Directors has issued a statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act.17 b) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the company's own shares in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.1. Own shares of series B held by the company at the time of the Board of Director's decision may be transferred.2. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights.3. Transfer of shares may be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the company's shares on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer.4. Payment for the transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of company debt.17 c) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2020The Board of Directors proposes  on account of the share program for 2020  that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 1 786 808 shares of series B in the company for the purpose of covering costs  including social security charges  that may arise as a result of the aforementioned program. Such transfers may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval from time to time.Majority requirementIn order for the resolutions by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals under items 17 a)  b)  and c) above to be valid  the resolutions must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Item 18 – Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based  long-term share program for 2022  and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2022BackgroundThe Board of Directors has decided to propose a long-term incentive program for 2022 (the ""Share Program 2022""). The Board is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Electrolux Group and its shareholders.Compared to the long-term incentive programs for previous years  the Board of Directors proposes certain changes for Share Program 2022. An additional group of participants comprised by senior managers and key employees is introduced. Further  the performance targets are reduced to two (including an amended CO 2 reduction metric); and a three-year performance period shall be applied with respect to each of the performance targets. In addition  in relation to the members of the Group Management  a relative TSR metric is introduced as a modifier for the outcome of the performance under the program.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement Share Program 2022  and b) to transfer own shares  free of consideration  to the participants in Share Program 2022.18 a) Implementation of Share Program 2022The Board of Directors proposes  in view of the above  that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a performance based  long-term share program for 2022 with the following principal terms and conditions:a) The program is proposed to include up to 900 senior managers and key employees of the Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by Electrolux no later than on May 16  2022.b) Participants are offered to be allocated Performance Shares  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2025. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from the Electrolux Group.c) The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant category. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2022. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares thus defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 494m excluding social costs.d) Each maximum value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares [1]  based on the average closing price paid for Electrolux shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the program  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.e) The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for the Group  for the performance period  established by the Board for (i) cumulative earnings per share [2] and (ii) CO 2 reduction [3]. The performance targets adopted by the Board will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target [4]. The performance period is the financial years 2022-2024 with respect to each of the performance targets.f) Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2025. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from c) and d). If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with h).g) The total award of Performance Shares may never exceed one (1) per cent of the total number of shares in Electrolux. If required  allotments shall be reduced to ensure that this dilution cap is observed.h) If all conditions in the Share Program 2022 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2025. Allocation will be free of charge except for tax liabilities.i) Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2022 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.j) The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2022  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.k) If material changes would occur within the Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board's assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board will have the right to make also other adjustments of the Share Program 2022  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of shares.Costs for the Share Program 2022The total costs for the Share Program 2022 if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 529m  which corresponds to approximately 2.6 per cent of total employment cost for 2021. The costs will be recognized over the years 2022-2024. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave the Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 287 per share has been applied.If repurchased shares would be allocated under the program the number of outstanding shares is estimated to increase with not more than 2 641 000 shares of series B. [5] Such maximum increase would have a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 0.93 per cent. The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs is estimated to not more than 5 473 000 shares of series B  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 1.93 per cent. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for Share Program 2022 and expected allotment has been assumed for the share programs for 2020 and 2021.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2022In order to implement Share Program 2022 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares  and thus proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with b) below.Should the majority required under b) below not be reached  Electrolux intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party.18 b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2022In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the company shall transfer a maximum of 2 641 000 shares of series B in the company on the following terms and conditions:1. The right to receive shares shall be granted to such persons within the Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to Share Program 2022. Furthermore  subsidiaries within the Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022.2. The employee shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the employee is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022  i.e. in 2025.3. Employees covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2022 shall receive shares of series B in the company free of consideration.4. The number of shares of series B in Electrolux that may be transferred under Share Program 2022 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the program according to item 18 a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares  according to item 18 b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting approve the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2022The proposal regarding the Share Program 2022 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Previous incentive programs in ElectroluxFor a description of the company's other share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2021  note 27  and the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented in Electrolux.Item 19 – Resolution on amendment of the Articles of Association to allow persons not being shareholders of the company to attend General Meetings of the company  if so resolved by the Board of DirectorsIn order to facilitate and increase the flexibility in conducting General Meetings of shareholders  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to include a new paragraph in article 11 of Electrolux Articles of Association  to enable the Board of Directors to decide upon attendance by other persons than shareholders at General Meetings of shareholders  in accordance with the below:Article 11 The Board of Directors may collect proxies pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may decide before a General Meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the General Meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). Article 11 – introduction of a new third paragraph The Board of Directors may collect proxies pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may decide before a General Meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the General Meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551). The Board of Directors may resolve that persons not being shareholders of the Company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to attend or in any other manner follow the discussions at a General Meeting.The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors  or whom they authorize  to make such minor adjustments to the resolution above as may be required for registration of the Articles of Association with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and to take such other measures required to execute the resolution.Majority requirementsIn order for the resolution by the General Meeting in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposal under item 19 above to be valid  the resolution must be accepted by shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the General Meeting.Shares and votesAs of February 24  2022  there are in total 308 920 308 shares in the company of which 8 192 348 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 300 727 960 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 38 265 144 votes. As of the same date the company holds 30 892 030 own shares of series B  corresponding to 3 089 203 votes that may not be represented at the General Meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentsThe Board of Directors' complete proposals including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act are set out above. Information about persons proposed as members of the Board of Directors of Electrolux  information about proposed Auditor and the Nomination Committee's statement etc.  can be found on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022. The Annual Report (including the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 18  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 10 above)  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the remuneration guidelines for the group management  the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  and the Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act relating to the proposal under item 17 a) above will be available at the company  AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on the Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2022  no later than March 9  2022. The documents are presented by being available at the company and on the Group's website. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so request and state their address. The General Meeting share register will be available at the company's head office  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden.Stockholm in February 2022AB Electrolux (publ)THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS[1] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.[2] Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).[3] The CO 2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following two areas (weighted equally): (i) operations and (ii) energy from product use  and will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.[4] The relative total shareholder return target refers to Electrolux Group's total shareholder return (TSR) (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2022-2024. If Electrolux TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.[5] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events.For further information  please contact Electrolux Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/electrolux/r/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux c3513264The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/3513264/1539937.pdf PR Notice convening AGM 2022CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-301489449.htmlSOURCE Electrolux",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.02,0.35,0.63,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'internet connected device', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'steady network connection', 'corporate identification number', 'other supporting document', 'Individual login details', 'general meetings', 'meeting ID', 'electronic connection', 'other associations', 'telephone number', 'AB Electrolux', 'temporary exceptions', 'physical presence', 'third parties', 'temporary law', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'ongoing basis', 'Lumi Global', 'unique username', 'online participants', 'chat service', 'technical complication', 'functional deficiencies', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'dated power', 'valid power', 'registration certificate', 'Proxy forms', 'Online participation', 'mail address', 'STOCKHOLM', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CEST', 'Covid', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'force', 'representatives', 'order', 'persons', 'company', 'discussions', 'others', 'opportunity', 'Group', 'website', 'questions', 'Swedish', 'English', 'notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'personal', 'assistants', 'attorney', 'written', 'advance', 'receipt', 'request', 'Story', 'instructions', 'agm2022', 'identity', 'BankID', 'place', 'lumiconnect', 'password', 'rules', 'responsibility', 'computer', 'smartphone', '4.00', '3.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,au.finance.yahoo.com
136,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/summons-annual-general-meeting-shareholders-094200269.html,Summons to the Annual General Meeting of shareholders in Castellum AB (publ),"The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum AB – postal voting"" in the subject line).Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021.15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023.","GOTHENBURG  Sweden  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Castellum AB (publ)  Reg. No. 556475-5550  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  March 31  2022 at 5 pm in RunAn  Chalmers Kårhus  Chalmersplatsen 1  Gothenburg. The entrance opens at 4.30 pm.In order to minimize the risk of spreading the coronavirus  the Board of Directors has decided that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting also by postal voting in accordance with temporary legislation. As further precautionary measures  Castellum has decided that no beverages or food will be served and that certain restrictions will be made as to the attendance of non-shareholders. Castellum would like to encourage shareholders to consider whether to attend the meeting in person  but instead use the opportunity to vote by post or participate by proxy. Castellum is monitoring the development and will  if necessary  update the information.Notification etc.Attend the meeting venue in personA) A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022 (preferably before 4 pm). Notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting can be made by post to Castellum AB (publ)  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by phone +46 8–401 43 76  or through the company's website www.castellum.com. The notification must state name/business name  social security number/company registration number  address and telephone number.For those who wish to be represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the notification and presented at the meeting. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate  or if such document does not exist  other corresponding authorization document must be attached.Story continuesParticipation by postal votingB) A person who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Wednesday  March 23  2022; andgive notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting no later than Friday  March 25  2022  by having submitted a postal voting form in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than that day.A person who wishes to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions stated under A) above. Hence  a notice of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for a person who wishes to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website www.castellum.com. The completed and signed form may be sent by post to Castellum AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  or by email to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (state ""Castellum AB – postal voting"" in the subject line). The completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Friday  March 25  2022. Shareholders may also submit the postal vote electronically by verifying with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shareholders may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote (in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder must be attached to the postal voting form. Form of proxy is available on Castellum's website  www.castellum.com. If the shareholder is a legal person  a registration certificate or other corresponding authorization document must be attached to the form.Nominee-registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Wednesday  March 23  2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made no later than Friday  March 25  2022 will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.DocumentationThe annual accounts  the audit report  the Board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act will be available at the company's office at Östra Hamngatan 16  Gothenburg  and on the company's website  www.castellum.com  in connection with the disclosure of the company's annual report on March 7  2022. The auditor's statement according to item 6 b)  the Board's proposal and motivated satement in accordance with item 8  as well as other proposals regarding item 10 and items 17-19 will be available at the company's office and on the company's website no later than March 10  2022. As to other proposals  complete proposals can be found under each item in this notice.The Election Committee's complete proposal for resolutions  information regarding the proposed Board members  motivated statement concerning the Election Committee's proposal regarding the Board and report on the Election Committee's work can be found on the company's website.The documents are considered presented by being held available at the company and on the company's website. The above documents will  as from the day they are available  be sent to shareholders  who have stated their postal address  upon request.Number of shares and votesAt the date of this summons  there are in total 345 731 968 shares and votes in the company  of which the company holds 5 712 000 own shares.Items1. Election of Chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes.5. Consideration if the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of(a) the annual accounts and the audit report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the audit report for the group (b) the auditor's statement regarding the company's compliance with the guide­lines for remuneration to members of the executive management in effect since the previous Annual General Meeting.In connection thereto  presentation by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.7. Resolution regarding the adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.8. Resolution regarding the allocation of the company's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and resolution regarding the record days for distribution of dividend.9. Resolution regarding discharge from liability towards the company in respect of the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director.10. Resolution to amend the Articles of Association.11. The Election Committee's report on its proposals regarding resolutions at the Annual General Meeting and the Election Committee's motivated statement concerning its proposal regarding the Board of Directors.12. Resolution regarding the number of members of the Board of Directors and auditors and deputy auditors.13. Resolution regarding remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor.14. Election of members of the Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board of Directors.(a) Per Berggren (Chairman)(b) Anna Kinberg Batra(c) Anna-Karin Celsing(d) Joacim Sjöberg(e) Rutger Arnhult(f) Henrik Käll (new election)15. Election of auditor.16. Resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.17. Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to members of the executive management.18. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues.19. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to acquire and transfer the company's own shares.Proposals for resolutionItem 1The Election Committee proposes the lawyer Sven Unger to preside as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 8The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of SEK 7.60 per share  distributed to the shareholders in four equal payments of SEK 1.90 per share. As record days for the dividend  the Board of Directors proposes Monday  April 4  2022  Thursday  June 30  2022  Friday  September 30  2022 and Friday  December 30  2022. The dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on the third banking day after each record date.Item 10The Board of Directors proposes two new subparagraphs in § 9 of the Articles of Association with the following wording.The Board of Directors may decide before a general meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the general meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors may resolve that a person who is not a shareholder of the company shall be entitled  on the conditions stipulated by the Board of Directors  to be present or otherwise follow the proceedings at the general meeting.Furthermore  the Board of Directors proposes that § 11 of the Articles of Association should be amended with the following wording.An Annual General Meeting shall be held in Göteborg or Stockholm within six months of the expiry of each financial year.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding amendment of the Articles of Association requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares repre­sented at the Annual General Meeting.Items 12  13  14 and 15An Election Committee has been established in accordance with the shareholders' resolution from the Annual General Meeting of 2021. The Election Committee consists of Helen Fasth Gillstedt (Chairman of the Election Committee) appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder  Patrik Essehorn appointed by Corem Property Group  Johannes Wingborg appointed by Länsförsäkringar Fondförvaltning  Ilija Batljan appointed by Ilija Batljan Invest and Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Election Committee has made the following proposals:I. 12 The Board of Directors is proposed to consist of six members and the number of auditors is proposed to be one with no deputy auditor.I. 13 Remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the following (2021 remuneration within brackets).The Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 1 075 000 (SEK 1 015 000).Each of the other members of the Board of Directors: SEK 440 000 (SEK 425 000).Chairman of the People Committee: SEK 100 000 (SEK 100 000).Each of the other members of the People Committee: SEK 75 000 (SEK 75 000).Chairman of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 220 000 (SEK 200 000).Each of the other members of the Audit and Finance Committee: SEK 105 000 (SEK 100 000).It is proposed that the auditor's fee shall be paid as per approved accounts.I. 14 The existing Board members Per Berggren  Anna Kinberg Batra  Anna-Karin Celsing  Joacim Sjöberg and Rutger Arnhult are proposed to be re-elected as Board members. Christina Karlsson Kazeem and Zdravko Markovski have declined re-election. Further  Henrik Käll is proposed to be elected as new Board member. Per Berggren is proposed to be elected as Chairman of the Board.Henrik Käll  born in 1967  has a great understanding of the capital market and  particularly  the interest rate market  as he has worked in various leading positions in banking and finance both in Stockholm and London  including as Global Head of Markets Sales & Distribution at Nordea Markets covering all types of assets such as interest rates  shares  currencies and derivatives  whereby he was also a member of the Nordea Group's Risk and Product Committee.More information concerning all members proposed for re-election and new election is available on the company's website  www.castellum.com.I. 15 In accordance with the Audit and Finance Committee's recommendation  Deloitte is proposed for re-election as auditor in Castellum until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2023. If the Annual General Meeting resolves to elect Deloitte as auditor  Deloitte has announced that Harald Jagner will continue as the main res­ponsible auditor at Deloitte.Item 16The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to section 8 subsection 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 17The Board of Directors' proposal regarding guidelines for remuneration to the members of the executive management is proposed to apply until further notice. In relation to the current guidelines  the proposal mainly entails a partly amended decision-making procedure for variable remuneration  that the share price based three-year incentive program is adopted every year instead of every third year and amounts to one third of the previous maximum remuneration  as well as that the reinvestment requirement related to the one-year profit based incentive program is removed. The guidelines includes the following key considerations.The level of remuneration shall correspond to the condi­tions of the market and be competitive. A fixed salary shall be paid for work performed in a satis­factory manner. Pension terms shall correspond to general market practice and shall be based on pension schemes with fixed charges. In addition to the fixed salary  variable remun­eration may be offered within the scope of a profit and share price based incentive program. Such variable rem­uneration should aim to create long term value  and strengthen the sustainability work  within the group. Total variable remuneration per year may not exceed the fixed annual remuneration. The profit and share price based incentive program consists of two parts  a one-year remuneration based on growth in income from property management per share and the development of individually determined factors  as well as a three-year remuneration based on to what extent established objectives in respect of the development of the share price have been achieved over a three-year period. Each year  the Board of Directors may decide to adopt a program that contains both parts. The program's structure shall be based on the objective to align the interests of the group exe­cut­ive management with the interests of the share­holders by way of the group execut­ive management also being shareholders of Castellum and by increasing the share of the total remuneration which is connected to the develop­ment of the group. Hence  the performance targets under the profit and share price based incentive program are clearly linked to Castellum's business strategy and long term interests  including its sustainability work  among others by linking the remuneration to the development of shareholder value and by promoting the executive member's long term personal development. Variable remuneration shall be paid as salary  includes payment for vacation and shall not be pension qualifying income unless required by mandatory collective agreement. In the event that the remuneration to the executive member is pension qualifying income in accordance with mandatory collective agreement provisions  necessary adjustment shall be made of the remuneration so that cost neutrality is achieved for the company. The participants shall undertake to purchase Castellum shares for at least half of the amount of the share price based remuneration received  after deduction for tax.The notice period shall  upon termination by the company  not exceed six months in respect of the Managing Director  and twelve months in respect of any other member of the executive management of the company. The notice period shall  upon termination by the Managing Director or by any other member of the executive management of the company  be six months. During the notice period full salary will be paid and other benefits will be provided to the employee  with deduction for salary and other remuneration received from another emp­loyment or business during the notice period. Such deduction shall not be made in respect of the Managing Director. A severance pay  corresponding to twelve fixed monthly salaries  shall be paid to the Managing Director upon termination by the company. Such severance pay shall not be reduced due to other income received by the Managing Director.The guidelines applies to executive members of the group executive management in Castellum. The Board of Directors has the right to reclaim variable remuneration that has been paid on the basis of information that later has turned out to be inaccurate and provided with a deceptive intention. Further  the Board of Directors shall have the right to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability work.Item 18The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on new share issues  on one or several occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and that shares corre­sponding to maximum ten per cent of the company's share capital may be issued. Further  the pro­posal implies that an issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind. In case of deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscription  shares shall be issued on market terms. The purpose of the Board of Directors' proposal is to enable the company to  com­pletely or partially  finance any future real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acqui­sition of real property  alternatively to raise capital for such investments and/or acquisitions.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Item 19The Board of Directors' proposal implies that the Board of Directors shall be authorised to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting  resolve on acquisition on one or several occasions  of the company's own shares provided that the company after each acquisi­tion will not hold more than ten per cent of all the shares in the company  and to transfer all of the company's own shares with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The ob­jective of the Board of Directors' proposal is to allow the company to adapt its capital struct­ure to its capital needs from time to time and thereby contribute to an increased shareholder value  and to transfer own shares as payment  or in order to finance  real property investments and/or acquisitions of real property companies/businesses. This objective does not allow the company to trade with its own shares for the short-term purpose of making a profit.In order to be valid  a resolution regarding authorisation of the Board of Directors to acquire and transfer own shares requires approval of at least two thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.MiscellaneousAt the Annual General Meeting  shareholders are entitled to ask questions to the Board of Directors and the Managing Director in respect of information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial position and the company's relation to other companies within the group. The Board of Directors and the Managing Director shall provide such information at the Annual General Meeting  provided that they considers that it may be done without significant harm to the company.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Gothenburg in February 2022CASTELLUM AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Per Berggren  Chairman of the Board of Directors Castellum AB  +46 705 53 80 48Rutger Arnhult  Managing Director Castellum AB  +46 704 58 24 70About CastellumCastellum is one of the largest commercial listed property companies in the Nordic region that develops flexible workplaces and smart logistics solutions. As of 31 December 2021  the property value totalled approximately SEK 176 billion  including ownership share in the Norwegian company Entra ASA. We are active in attractive Swedish growth regions as well as in Copenhagen and the Helsinki area. One of our sustainability goals is to become entirely climate neutral by 2030 at the latest. Castellum is the only Nordic property and construction company elected to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI). The Castellum share is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Large Cap.Beyond expectations.www.castellum.seThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/castellum/r/summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab--publ- c3511239The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/8364/3511239/1540166.pdf Press release 220224CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/summons-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-in-castellum-ab-publ-301489422.htmlSOURCE Castellum",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,mixed,0.1,0.12,0.78,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Castellum AB', 'Summons', 'shareholders', 'other corresponding authorization document', 'Chalmers Kårhus', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Voting rights registrations', 'state name/business name', 'company registration number', 'postal voting form', 'annual accounts', 'telephone number', 'registration certificate', 'meeting venue', 'postal vote', 'temporary legislation', 'precautionary measures', 'share register', 'dated power', 'subject line', 'Castellum AB', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'audit report', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'legal person', 'GOTHENBURG', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Reg.', 'Thursday', 'March', 'RunAn', 'Chalmersplatsen', 'entrance', 'order', 'risk', 'coronavirus', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'beverages', 'food', 'restrictions', 'attendance', 'opportunity', 'proxy', 'development', 'information', 'Notification', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Wednesday', 'notice', 'participation', 'Friday', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'website', 'address', 'written', 'attorney', 'Story', 'email', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'BankID', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'addition', 'request', 'routines', 'time', 'Documentation', 'remunerati', '5', '4.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
137,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Investments:Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations https://t.co/spUakoR8AV,nan,Euroclear Investments:Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations https://t.co/spUakoR8AV,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'spUakoR8AV', 'Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'spUakoR8AV']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
138,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations https://t.co/drCEindk56,nan,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations https://t.co/drCEindk56,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'drCEindk56', 'Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'drCEindk56']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
139,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Valerie Urbain  Chief Business Officer of Euroclear group  shares with you how Euroclear Bank connecting to #T2S is… https://t.co/fPGLir8UeB,nan,Valerie Urbain  Chief Business Officer of Euroclear group  shares with you how Euroclear Bank connecting to #T2S is… https://t.co/fPGLir8UeB,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Chief Business Officer', 'Valerie Urbain', 'Euroclear group', 'Euroclear Bank', 'fPGLir8UeB', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Valerie Urbain', 'Euroclear group', 'Euroclear Bank', 'fPGLir8UeB']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
140,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Does Euroclear settle faster than DTC?,nan,Does Euroclear settle faster than DTC?,positive,0.93,0.04,0.03,positive,0.93,0.04,0.03,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'DTC', 'Euroclear', 'DTC']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
141,Clearstream,Google API,https://znewsafrica.com/business/173636/self-expanding-stents-market-report-2022-market-swot-analysiskey-indicatorsforecast-2027-abbottaesculapstrykerandramedbaltonbiotronikbr/,Self Expanding Stents Market Report 2022 Market SWOT Analysis Key Indicators Forecast 2027 : Abbott Aesculap Stryker Andramed Balton Biotronik Br – ZNews Africa,MR Accuracy Reports has published new report on Global Self Expanding Stents Industry.Some players mentioned below for your reference –Abbott Aesculap Stryker Andramed Balton Biotronik Braile Clearstream Cordis ELLA-CS Endo-Flex Endocor Eucatech HEXACATH InSitu iVascular Medinol MicroVention Pauldrach Phenox Rontis StentysWe Have Recent Updates of Self Expanding Stents Market in Sample [email protected] https://www.mraccuracyreports.com/report-sample/199073Self Expanding Stents MarketPeripheral Nervous System Digestive System Artery Respiratory System.The report on the Global Self Expanding Stents market covers the present and future trends of consumer preferences that will shape the industry.Browse Full Report with Facts and Figures of Self Expanding Stents Market Report at @ https://www.mraccuracyreports.com/reportdetails/reportviewith199073The report dwells deeper by providing the region-wise consumer preferences and their impact on the market revenue and growth.The report also presents the current regulatory scenario of individual regional sectors in the Global Self Expanding Stents market.,MR Accuracy Reports has published new report on Global Self Expanding Stents Industry. This report is quite in demand as TOP as well as emerging players are getting benefit out of this report. This is the most accurate and quality research study gathered by team doing primary and secondary research. This report is based on the briefings and interviews conducted with product manufacturers and their consumers  with demand-side research. The blend of checks and balances combined with involving the players in the industry offers a clear and accurate picture of the entire Global Self Expanding Stents market.Some players mentioned below for your reference –Abbott Aesculap Stryker Andramed Balton Biotronik Braile Clearstream Cordis ELLA-CS Endo-Flex Endocor Eucatech HEXACATH InSitu iVascular Medinol MicroVention Pauldrach Phenox Rontis StentysWe Have Recent Updates of Self Expanding Stents Market in Sample [email protected] https://www.mraccuracyreports.com/report-sample/199073Self Expanding Stents MarketPeripheral Nervous System Digestive System Artery Respiratory System.Application as belowMental Plastic.Furthermore  the research data in the report after working closely with the investment bankers and financial analyst presents a clear idea of the investment scenario in the Global Self Expanding Stents market. The report assesses the market outlook for public companies  evaluates business cases of several private companies  and discusses investment trends in the Global Self Expanding Stents market.Analyst has suggested there would be turning point to this market so one needs to get attention right away in order to sustain in the market.The report on the Global Self Expanding Stents market covers the present and future trends of consumer preferences that will shape the industry. The report assess the buying trends along with the purchase process  technology preference  expenditures  and manufacturers and service provider preferences of end-users in the Global Self Expanding Stents market.Browse Full Report with Facts and Figures of Self Expanding Stents Market Report at @ https://www.mraccuracyreports.com/reportdetails/reportviewith199073The report dwells deeper by providing the region-wise consumer preferences and their impact on the market revenue and growth. The report also presents the current regulatory scenario of individual regional sectors in the Global Self Expanding Stents market. Furthermore  the current regulatory scenario along with the upcoming regulations that will come in effect in the coming few years have also been mentioned in this report.Regional Assessment and Segment Diversification.– North America (U.S.  Canada  Mexico)– Europe (U.K.  France  Germany  Spain  Italy  Central & Eastern Europe  CIS)– Asia Pacific (China  Japan  South Korea  ASEAN  India  Rest of Asia Pacific)– Latin America (Brazil  Rest of L.A.)– Middle East and Africa (Turkey  GCC  Rest of Middle East)Several key players operating in the Global Self Expanding Stents market have been profiled in this report. The key players’ business overview  product offering  revenue share  business strategies  and latest innovations have been included in this report. The in-depth competitive framework of the Global Self Expanding Stents market will help clients to formulate the better strategies for a desired business outcome. Therefore  get in touch with to get the basic sample report.Make an enquiry before purchase @ https://www.mraccuracyreports.com/checkout/199073We have published more than 2 million reports and known for the best market research report company in the world. We as a PUBLISHER always focus on your requirements  consulting and growth.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['Self Expanding Stents Market Report', 'Market SWOT Analysis', 'Key Indicators', 'ZNews Africa', 'Forecast', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Br', 'entire Global Self Expanding Stents market', 'Global Self Expanding Stents Industry', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Report', 'best market research report company', 'key players’ business overview', 'depth competitive framework', 'quality research study', 'Several key players', 'service provider preferences', 'current regulatory scenario', 'MR Accuracy Reports', 'several private companies', 'individual regional sectors', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'region-wise consumer preferences', 'basic sample report', 'market outlook', 'market revenue', 'secondary research', 'demand-side research', 'research data', 'investment scenario', 'public companies', 'business cases', 'Regional Assessment', 'business outcome', '2 million reports', 'Digestive System', 'Respiratory System', 'emerging players', 'Recent Updates', 'investment bankers', 'investment trends', 'turning point', 'future trends', 'buying trends', 'technology preference', 'upcoming regulations', 'Segment Diversification', 'North America', 'U.S.', 'U.K.', 'Asia Pacific', 'South Korea', 'Latin America', 'L.A.', 'Middle East', 'product offering', 'revenue share', 'business strategies', 'latest innovations', 'new report', 'Full Report', 'product manufacturers', 'accurate picture', 'financial analyst', 'clear idea', 'purchase process', 'Eastern Europe', 'TOP', 'benefit', 'team', 'primary', 'briefings', 'interviews', 'consumers', 'blend', 'checks', 'balances', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'Stryker', 'Andramed', 'Balton', 'Biotronik', 'Braile', 'Clearstream', 'Cordis', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'InSitu', 'iVascular', 'Medinol', 'MicroVention', 'Pauldrach', 'Phenox', 'Rontis', 'Stentys', 'mraccuracyreports', 'Artery', 'Application', 'attention', 'order', 'present', 'expenditures', 'end-users', 'Facts', 'Figures', 'reportdetails', 'reportview', 'impact', 'growth', 'effect', 'years', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'France', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Central', 'CIS', 'China', 'Japan', 'ASEAN', 'India', 'Rest', 'Brazil', 'Africa', 'Turkey', 'GCC', 'clients', 'touch', 'enquiry', 'world', 'PUBLISHER', 'requirements', 'consulting']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,znewsafrica.com
142,Clearstream,Google API,https://znewsafrica.com/business/174024/pet-food-packaging-market-research-report-on-current-status-and-future-growth-prospects-to-2031-angiomed-gmbh-co-medizintechnik-kg-abbott-laboratories-vascular-enterprises-limited/,Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited – ZNews Africa,Following companies are key players in the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry: Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.South America region is further segmented into Brazil  and Rest of Latin America  and the MEA region is further divided into Saudi Arabia  UAE  South Africa  and Rest of MEA.Inquiry before Buying the Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/speak-to-analyst/791Possibilities for Growth:The global Peripheral Vascular Devices industry is investigated for prospective growth in a variety of applications and regions.Report Highlights:This market report shows the projected industry size for the Peripheral Vascular Devices market at the end of the forecast period.Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.,insightSLICE published a report titled Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report which covers comprehensive data on prevalent trends  drivers  growth opportunities  and restraints that can change the market dynamics of the industry. It provides an in-depth analysis of the market segments that include products  applications  and geography.Click here to order a sample copy of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices market report: https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report delivers a close watch on leading competitors with strategic analysis  micro and macro market trend and scenarios  pricing analysis and a complete overview of the industry situations during the forecast period. It is a detailed report focusing on market size data for various segments across geographies. Further  key players  major collaborations  merger & acquisitions along with trending innovation and business policies are reviewed in the report.Market Players and Competitors Analysis:This report includes company profile  product specifications  revenue  price  and business strategies deployed by leading companies. From 2017 through 2031  the study examines the existing situation and prospects of global and regional markets. The report also includes thorough information on each of the report’s regions and countries. Identifying production  consumption  import/export  sales volume  and revenue estimates for the company.Following companies are key players in the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry: Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Highlights of report inclusion:Industry drivers  restraints  and opportunities covered in the study Neutral perspective on the market performance Prevalent industry trends and developments Competitive landscape & strategies of key players Potential & niche segments and regions exhibiting promising growth covered Historical  current  and projected market size  in terms of value In-depth analysis of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices IndustryOverview of the regional outlook:Based on region  the market is segmented into North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  South America and Middle East & Africa (MEA). North America region is further bifurcated into countries such as U.S.  and Canada. The Europe region is further categorized into U.K.  France  Germany  Italy  Spain  Russia  and Rest of Europe. Asia Pacific is further segmented into China  Japan  South Korea  India  Australia  and Rest of Asia Pacific. South America region is further segmented into Brazil  and Rest of Latin America  and the MEA region is further divided into Saudi Arabia  UAE  South Africa  and Rest of MEA.Inquiry before Buying the Report @ https://www.insightslice.com/speak-to-analyst/791Possibilities for Growth:The global Peripheral Vascular Devices industry is investigated for prospective growth in a variety of applications and regions. The research evaluates development rate and industry value due to industry demographics and growth-generating factors. It covers developing market conditions  preferred market channels  domain drivers  and restraints  to name a few. The analysis considered prices  revenues  revenue growth  costs of production  and other parameters.Report Highlights:This market report shows the projected industry size for the Peripheral Vascular Devices market at the end of the forecast period. The report also examines the historical and current market sizes.On the basis of various indicators  the charts present the year-over-year growth (%) and compound annual growth rate (CAGR) for the given forecast period.The report includes an overview of the domain  its geographical scope  its segmentation  and the financial performance of key players.The report examines current state of the industry and the potential growth opportunities in North America  Asia Pacific  Europe  South America  and the Middle East  and Africa.The research report includes various factors contributing to the domain’s growth.The report analyzes the growth rate  size  and valuation for the forecast period.* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About Us:We are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin|Twitter,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.34,0.05,True,English,"['Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'ZNews Africa', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices market report', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Industry', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'compound annual growth rate', 'high-quality research services', 'macro market trend', 'developing market conditions', 'preferred market channels', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd', 'current market sizes', 'long-term strategic goals', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'study Neutral perspective', 'market size data', 'Prevalent industry trends', 'North America region', 'South America region', 'potential growth opportunities', 'Jotec GmbH', 'market dynamics', 'market segments', 'Market Players', 'market performance', 'research analysts', 'prevalent trends', 'development rate', 'industry situations', 'industry demographics', 'industry size', 'comprehensive data', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'current state', 'strategic analysis', 'Industry drivers', 'Latin America', 'detailed report', 'report inclusion', 'South Korea', 'industry value', 'promising growth', 'prospective growth', 'close watch', 'leading competitors', 'forecast period', 'various segments', 'key players', 'major collaborations', 'trending innovation', 'business policies', 'product specifications', 'existing situation', 'regional markets', 'thorough information', 'sales volume', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'Competitive landscape', 'niche segments', 'regional outlook', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'U.S.', 'Europe region', 'U.K.', 'Saudi Arabia', 'growth-generating factors', 'other parameters', 'various indicators', 'geographical scope', 'financial performance', 'various factors', 'Direct Purchase', 'management consultants', 'common vision', 'various industries', 'industrial automation', 'extensive experience', 'Historical, current', 'depth analysis', 'pricing analysis', 'Competitors Analysis', 'revenue growth', 'Report Highlights', 'leading companies', 'revenue estimates', 'mature companies', 'year growth', 'MEA region', 'South Africa', 'sample copy', 'company profile', 'business strategies', 'non-profit organizations', 'consumer products', 'domain drivers', 'complete overview', 'insightSLICE', 'restraints', 'applications', 'geography', 'request', 'micro', 'scenarios', 'geographies', 'merger', 'acquisitions', 'price', 'prospects', 'regions', 'countries', 'production', 'consumption', 'import/export', 'Bosto', 'others', 'developments', 'projected', 'terms', 'Canada', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Russia', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'UAE', 'Inquiry', 'Possibilities', 'variety', 'revenues', 'costs', 'basis', 'charts', 'CAGR', 'segmentation', 'valuation', '10% Discount', 'team', 'individuals', 'short-term', 'start-ups', 'packaging', 'automotive', 'healthcare', 'chemicals', 'materials', 'electronics', 'semiconductors', 'telecommunications', 'energy']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,znewsafrica.com
143,Clearstream,Google API,https://mathandling.com.au/business/162527/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-is-expected-to-gain-popularity-across-the-globe-by-2031-terumo-corporation-endologix-inc-william-cook-europe-aps/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market is Expected to Gain Popularity Across the Globe by 2031,The market report encompasses far-reaching research on the current conditions of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market  potential of the market in the present and future prospects.Only authentic tools of market analysis are used on which businesses can trust confidently.The world class Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report brings into the focus studies about market definition  market segmentation  and competitive analysis in the market.Request A FREE Sample Report + All Related Graphs & Charts @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791The advancements of the Peripheral Vascular Devices are boosting its uptake across numerous applications and are likely to propel growth of the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Segmentation InsightThe report offers an in-depth analysis of segments and sub-segments of the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry.,The market report encompasses far-reaching research on the current conditions of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market  potential of the market in the present and future prospects. Only authentic tools of market analysis are used on which businesses can trust confidently. The world class Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report brings into the focus studies about market definition  market segmentation  and competitive analysis in the market.Request A FREE Sample Report + All Related Graphs & Charts @ https://www.insightslice.com/request-sample/791The advancements of the Peripheral Vascular Devices are boosting its uptake across numerous applications and are likely to propel growth of the global Peripheral Vascular Devices market.The Report is inclusive of:Graphical Representation of Size  Share & Trends updated 2021 with Regional AnalysisUpdated 2021 Top Market Players with their latest Business Strategies  Revenue Analysis and Sales Volume.Updated Research Report come up with List of table & figuresMost recent updated research report of 2021 with Definition  Outline  updated Top market playersCOVID-19 Pandemic Impact on industryRegion -wise guidance on RequestinsightSLICE updated research methodologyKey Players Profiled In the Report Includes Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  Endologix Inc.  William Cook Europe ApS  Bolton Medical Inc.  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Bosto  and others.Segmentation InsightThe report offers an in-depth analysis of segments and sub-segments of the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry. It provides a broad outlook regarding the performance  industry valuation  and growth opportunities of each segment along with the expected CAGR including various sub-segments of each segment during the forecast period. Moreover  the analysis part includes both drivers and restraining factors to explain the potential expansion of the industry.Geographic Segment Covered in the Report:– North America (USA  Canada and Mexico)– Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  and Southeast Asia)– The Middle East and Africa (Saudi Arabia  the UAE  and South Africa)– Europe (Germany  France  the UK  Russia  and Italy)– South America (Brazil  Argentina  Columbia  etc.)You may ask questions about the study or share your requirements [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/speak-to-analyst/791Key factors Covered in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report» Identify potential investment/contract/expansion opportunities» Factors impacting growth of global and regional market» Ccompetition analysis through information on their operations  strategies and new projects» The report offers insight on Peripheral Vascular Devices demand analysis» The market study also highlights projected sales growth for Peripheral Vascular Devices Market» Peripheral Vascular Devices market survey identifies key growth drivers  restraints  and other forces impacting the market  prevailing trends and so on» Peripheral Vascular Devices market share analysis of the key companies within the industry and coverage of strategies such as mergers & acquisitions  joint ventures  collaborations or partnerships  and others» Recent insights on the Peripheral Vascular Devices market will help users operating in the market to initiate transformational growthTarget Audience of the Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market in Market Study:? Key Consulting Companies & Advisors? Large  medium-sized  and small enterprises? Venture capitalists? Academicians? Investment bankers? Investors* Get 10% Discount on Your Direct Purchase *You Can Purchase Complete [email protected] https://www.insightslice.com/buy-nowith791About insightSLICEWe are a team of research analysts and management consultants who share a common vision to help individuals and organizations achieve their short-term and long-term strategic goals by expanding high-quality research services. insightSLICE was established to support mature companies  start-ups and non-profit organizations in various industries  including packaging  automotive  healthcare  chemicals and materials  industrial automation  consumer products  electronics and semiconductors  IT and telecommunications  and energy. Our internally experienced team of analysts has extensive experience in the research industry.Contact:Alex[email protected]+1 (707) 736 6633422 Lark Center # 1001  Santa Rosa California – 95403-1408  USALinkedin | Twitter,positive,0.75,0.22,0.03,positive,0.76,0.22,0.02,True,English,"['Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Popularity', 'Globe', 'world class Peripheral Vascular Devices Market research report', 'Angiomed GmbH Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices market share analysis', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'William Cook Europe ApS', 'recent updated research report', 'high-quality research services', 'COVID-19 Pandemic Impact', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'long-term strategic goals', 'Top Market Players', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'The Middle East', 'Key Consulting Companies', 'FREE Sample Report', 'latest Business Strategies', 'potential investment/contract/expansion opportunities', 'key growth drivers', 'market analysis', 'Jotec GmbH', 'small enterprises', 'reaching research', 'research methodology', 'research industry', 'market segmentation', 'regional market', 'Key Players', 'Recent insights', 'market study', 'research analysts', 'key companies', 'market definition', 'competitive analysis', 'Regional Analysis', 'Revenue Analysis', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Endologix Inc.', 'depth analysis', 'analysis part', 'Ccompetition analysis', 'mature companies', 'growth opportunities', 'Key factors', 'current conditions', 'future prospects', 'authentic tools', 'focus studies', 'Related Graphs', 'numerous applications', 'Graphical Representation', 'Sales Volume', 'industry Region', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Aesculap AG', 'broad outlook', 'industry valuation', 'forecast period', 'potential expansion', 'North America', 'Southeast Asia', 'Saudi Arabia', 'South America', 'new projects', 'other forces', 'joint ventures', 'Target Audience', 'Venture capitalists', 'Investment bankers', 'Direct Purchase', 'management consultants', 'common vision', 'various industries', 'industrial automation', 'consumer products', 'extensive experience', '422 Lark Center', 'Santa Rosa', 'sales growth', 'transformational growth', 'restraining factors', 'Segmentation Insight', 'various sub-segments', 'South Africa', 'non-profit organizations', 'Geographic Segment', 'businesses', 'Charts', 'insightslice', 'request', 'advancements', 'uptake', 'Trends', 'table', 'figures', 'Outline', 'guidance', 'Bosto', 'others', 'performance', 'CAGR', 'USA', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'UAE', 'Germany', 'France', 'UK', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Columbia', 'questions', 'requirements', 'information', 'operations', 'restraints', 'coverage', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'collaborations', 'partnerships', 'users', 'Advisors', 'Academicians', 'Investors', '10% Discount', 'team', 'individuals', 'short-term', 'start-ups', 'packaging', 'automotive', 'healthcare', 'chemicals', 'materials', 'electronics', 'semiconductors', 'telecommunications', 'energy', 'Contact', 'Alex', 'California', 'Linkedin', 'Twitter']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,mathandling.com.au
144,Clearstream,Google API,https://znewsafrica.com/business/247473/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-size-scope-growth/,Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size  Scope  Growth  Competitive Analysis – Medtronic  Angiomed GmbH  Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited – ZNews Africa,The Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report shows the likely direction of the market in the coming years along with its estimates.The detailed investigation allows assessment of the factors influencing the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market.In addition  analysts have also evaluated the changing economics around the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market that are likely affect its course.It shows how different type  application  and regional segments are progressing in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market in terms of growth.Visualize Peripheral Vascular Devices Market using VMI @ https://www.verifiedmarketresearch.com/vmintelligence/Top Trending ReportsGlobal Sleep Apnea Diagnostic Devices Market Size And ForecastGlobal Pen Needles Market Size And ForecastGlobal Cardiac Pacing Market Size And ForecastGlobal Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size And ForecastGlobal Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Market Size And ForecastGlobal Sclerotherapy Market Size And ForecastGlobal Liraglutide Market Size And ForecastGlobal Gelatin Capsule Market Size And ForecastGlobal Blood Collection Tubes Market Size And ForecastGlobal Avian Influenza Vaccines Market Size And ForecastAbout Us: Verified Market ReportsVerified Market Reports is a leading Global Research and Consulting firm servicing over 5000+ global clients.,New Jersey  United States - The latest report published by Verified Market Reports indicates that the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market is likely to accelerate strongly in the coming years. Analysts have studied market drivers  restraints  risks  and opportunities in the global market. The Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report shows the likely direction of the market in the coming years along with its estimates. An accurate study aims to understand the market price. By analyzing the competitive landscape  the authors of the report have made excellent efforts to help readers understand the key business tactics that major companies are using to maintain market sustainability.The report includes company profiles of almost all major players in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market. The Company Profiles section provides valuable analysis of strengths and weaknesses  business trends  recent advances  mergers and acquisitions  expansion plans  global presence  market presence  and portfolios of products from major market players. This information can be used by players and other market participants to maximize their profitability and streamline their business strategies. Our competitive analysis also provides vital information that will help new entrants identify barriers to entry and gauge the level of competitiveness in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC  List of Tables & Figures  Chart) @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/download-sample/?rid=41284Key Players Mentioned in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Research Report:Medtronic  Angiomed GmbH  Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  ENDOLOGIX  Bolton Medical  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Boston Scientific Corporation  curative medical devices gmbh  Lepu  Microport  BioteqPeripheral Vascular Devices Market Segmentation:By the product type  the market is primarily split into:• Peripheral vascular stents• PTA balloon catheter• Embolic protection device• Aortic stent graft• Surgical artificial transplantBy the application  this report covers the following segments:• The treatment of peripheral blood vessels damaged• The treatment of peripheral blood vessels blockageThe global market for Peripheral Vascular Devices is segmented on the basis of product  type. All of these segments have been studied individually. The detailed investigation allows assessment of the factors influencing the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market. Experts have analyzed the nature of development  investments in research and development  changing consumption patterns  and growing number of applications. In addition  analysts have also evaluated the changing economics around the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market that are likely affect its course.The regional analysis section of the report allows players to concentrate on high-growth regions and countries that could help them to expand their presence in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market. Apart from extending their footprint in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market  the regional analysis helps players to increase their sales while having a better understanding of customer behavior in specific regions and countries. The report provides CAGR  revenue  production  consumption  and other important statistics and figures related to the global as well as regional markets. It shows how different type  application  and regional segments are progressing in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market in terms of growth.Get Discount On The Purchase Of This Report @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=41284Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report ScopeATTRIBUTES DETAILS ESTIMATED YEAR 2022 BASE YEAR 2021 FORECAST YEAR 2029 HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value (USD Million/Billion) SEGMENTS COVERED Types  Applications  End-Users  and more. REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast  Company Ranking  Competitive Landscape  Growth Factors  and Trends BY REGION North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  Latin America  Middle East and Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization (equivalent up to 4 analysts working days) with purchase. Addition or alteration to country  regional & segment scope.Geographic Segment Covered in the Report:The Peripheral Vascular Devices report provides information about the market area  which is further subdivided into sub-regions and countries/regions. In addition to the market share in each country and sub-region  this chapter of this report also contains information on profit opportunities. This chapter of the report mentions the market share and growth rate of each region  country and sub-region during the estimated period.• North America (USA and Canada)• Europe (UK  Germany  France and the rest of Europe)• Asia Pacific (China  Japan  India  and the rest of the Asia Pacific region)• Latin America (Brazil  Mexico  and the rest of Latin America)• Middle East and Africa (GCC and rest of the Middle East and Africa)Key questions answered in the report:1. Which are the five top players of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market?2. How will the Peripheral Vascular Devices market change in the next five years?3. Which product and application will take a lion’s share of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market?4. What are the drivers and restraints of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market?5. Which regional market will show the highest growth?6. What will be the CAGR and size of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market throughout the forecast period?For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/product/global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-2019-by-manufacturers-regions-type-and-application-forecast-to-2024/Visualize Peripheral Vascular Devices Market using Verified Market Intelligence:-Verified Market Intelligence is our BI-enabled platform for narrative storytelling of this market. VMI offers in-depth forecasted trends and accurate Insights on over 20 000+ emerging & niche markets  helping you make critical revenue-impacting decisions for a brilliant future.VMI provides a holistic overview and global competitive landscape with respect to Region  Country  and Segment  and Key players of your market. Present your Market Report & findings with an inbuilt presentation feature saving over 70% of your time and resources for Investor  Sales & Marketing  R&D  and Product Development pitches. VMI enables data delivery In Excel and Interactive PDF formats with over 15+ Key Market Indicators for your market.Visualize Peripheral Vascular Devices Market using VMI @ https://www.verifiedmarketresearch.com/vmintelligence/Top Trending ReportsGlobal Sleep Apnea Diagnostic Devices Market Size And ForecastGlobal Pen Needles Market Size And ForecastGlobal Cardiac Pacing Market Size And ForecastGlobal Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size And ForecastGlobal Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Market Size And ForecastGlobal Sclerotherapy Market Size And ForecastGlobal Liraglutide Market Size And ForecastGlobal Gelatin Capsule Market Size And ForecastGlobal Blood Collection Tubes Market Size And ForecastGlobal Avian Influenza Vaccines Market Size And ForecastAbout Us: Verified Market ReportsVerified Market Reports is a leading Global Research and Consulting firm servicing over 5000+ global clients. We provide advanced analytical research solutions while offering information-enriched research studies.We also offer insights into strategic and growth analyses and data necessary to achieve corporate goals and critical revenue decisions.Our 250 Analysts and SME’s offer a high level of expertise in data collection and governance using industrial techniques to collect and analyze data on more than 25 000 high-impact and niche markets. Our analysts are trained to combine modern data collection techniques  superior research methodology  expertise  and years of collective experience to produce informative and accurate research.Our research spans over a multitude of industries including Energy  Technology  Manufacturing and Construction  Chemicals and Materials  Food and Beverages etc. Having serviced many Fortune 2000 organizations  we bring a rich and reliable experience that covers all kinds of research needs.Contact us:Mr. Edwyne FernandesUS: +1 (650)-781-4080UK: +44 (753)-715-0008APAC: +61 (488)-85-9400US Toll-Free: +1 (800)-782-1768Email: [email protected]Website: – https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.28,0.26,True,English,"['Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices', 'Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Market Size', 'Competitive Analysis', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'ZNews Africa', 'Scope', 'Growth', 'Medtronic', 'Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report Scope', 'The Peripheral Vascular Devices Market report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Research Report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segmentation', 'The Peripheral Vascular Devices report', 'peripheral blood vessels blockage', 'HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value', 'curative medical devices gmbh', 'Full PDF Sample Copy', 'The Company Profiles section', 'REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast', 'Peripheral vascular stents', 'Verified Market Reports', 'other market participants', 'Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'PTA balloon catheter', 'Embolic protection device', 'Aortic stent graft', 'Surgical artificial transplant', 'other important statistics', 'Boston Scientific Corporation', 'SEGMENTS COVERED Types', 'regional analysis section', 'key business tactics', 'major market players', 'REGION North America', 'Asia Pacific region', 'segment scope', 'FORECAST YEAR', 'market drivers', 'market price', 'market sustainability', 'market area', 'market share', 'Full TOC', 'Bolton Medical', 'global market', 'market presence', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'Jotec GmbH', 'BASE YEAR 2021', 'Company Ranking', 'latest report', 'Terumo Corporation', 'major companies', 'business strategies', 'Key questions', 'valuable analysis', 'competitive analysis', 'Latin America', 'New Jersey', 'United States', 'coming years', 'likely direction', 'accurate study', 'competitive landscape', 'excellent efforts', 'major players', 'recent advances', 'expansion plans', 'new entrants', 'Key Players', 'Aesculap AG', 'following segments', 'detailed investigation', 'growing number', 'changing economics', 'high-growth regions', 'customer behavior', 'specific regions', 'regional markets', 'regional segments', 'ATTRIBUTES DETAILS', 'Middle East', 'Geographic Segment', 'business trends', 'growth rate', 'consumption patterns', 'profit opportunities', 'global presence', 'vital information', 'Growth Factors', 'product type', 'Analysts', 'restraints', 'risks', 'estimates', 'authors', 'readers', 'strengths', 'weaknesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'portfolios', 'products', 'profitability', 'barriers', 'entry', 'level', 'competitiveness', 'List', 'Tables', 'Figures', 'Chart', 'verifiedmarketreports', 'Medtronic', 'ENDOLOGIX', 'Lepu', 'Microport', 'Bioteq', 'application', 'treatment', 'basis', 'assessment', 'Experts', 'nature', 'development', 'investments', 'addition', 'course', 'countries', 'footprint', 'sales', 'understanding', 'CAGR', 'production', 'terms', 'Discount', 'Purchase', 'USD', 'Billion', 'End-Users', 'Europe', 'alteration', 'country', 'sub-regions', 'chapter', 'period', 'USA', 'Canada', 'UK', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'GCC']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,znewsafrica.com
145,Clearstream,Google API,https://etfdailynews.com/news/deutsche-borse-otcmktsdboey-pt-raised-to-180-00-at-ubs-group/,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY) PT Raised to €180.00 at UBS Group,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) had its target price increased by equities researchers at UBS Group from €175.00 ($198.86) to €180.00 ($204.55) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday  The Fly reports.Finally  Citigroup lowered Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday  January 26th.Deutsche Börse has a fifty-two week low of $15.40 and a fifty-two week high of $18.44.Deutsche Börse had a return on equity of 18.26% and a net margin of 27.59%.Deutsche Börse Company Profile (Get Rating)Deutsche Börse AG engages in the provision of information technology services and market data distribution.,Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) had its target price increased by equities researchers at UBS Group from €175.00 ($198.86) to €180.00 ($204.55) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday  The Fly reports.A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on DBOEY. Morgan Stanley cut their price objective on Deutsche Börse from €174.60 ($198.41) to €171.20 ($194.55) and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday  February 15th. Zacks Investment Research raised Deutsche Börse from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday  January 24th. Finally  Citigroup lowered Deutsche Börse from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday  January 26th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $134.05.DBOEY opened at $17.06 on Tuesday. Deutsche Börse has a fifty-two week low of $15.40 and a fifty-two week high of $18.44. The business has a 50-day moving average of $17.23 and a 200-day moving average of $16.90. The company has a market capitalization of $32.41 billion  a PE ratio of 22.16 and a beta of 0.75.Deutsche Börse (OTCMKTS:DBOEY – Get Rating) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday  February 9th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter  topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.18 by $0.01. Deutsche Börse had a return on equity of 18.26% and a net margin of 27.59%. The company had revenue of $1.35 billion during the quarter. Equities analysts forecast that Deutsche Börse will post 0.9 earnings per share for the current year.Deutsche Börse Company Profile (Get Rating)Deutsche Börse AG engages in the provision of information technology services and market data distribution. It operates through the following segments: Eurex  EEX  Xetra  360T  Clearstream  IFS  GSF  Qontigo and Data. The Eurex segment includes electronic trading of European derivatives  commodities  and foreign exchange.Read More,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.71,0.22,0.07,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'UBS Group', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'PT', 'Deutsche Börse Company Profile', 'Deutsche Börse AG', '50-day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'financial services provider', 'information technology services', 'Zacks’ consensus estimate', 'Zacks Investment Research', 'equal weight” rating', 'Four research analysts', 'quarterly earnings results', 'The Eurex segment', 'consensus target price', 'market data distribution', 'consensus rating', '$21.00 target price', 'research note', 'The Fly', 'market capitalization', 'Equities analysts', 'price objective', 'Get Rating', 'hold” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'hold rating', 'equities researchers', 'UBS Group', 'other brokerages', 'Morgan Stanley', 'January 24th', 'PE ratio', 'net margin', 'current year', 'following segments', 'electronic trading', 'European derivatives', 'foreign exchange', 'buy” rating', 'buy rating', 'fifty-two week', '$0.19 earnings', '0.9 earnings', 'OTCMKTS', 'DBOEY', 'investors', 'Tuesday', 'number', 'stock', 'February', 'report', 'Monday', 'Citigroup', 'Wednesday', 'MarketBeat', 'business', 'beta', 'share', 'return', 'equity', 'revenue', 'provision', 'EEX', 'Xetra', '360T', 'Clearstream', 'IFS', 'GSF', 'Qontigo', 'commodities', '27.59']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,etfdailynews.com
146,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.maddapple.com/2022/02/what-are-top-rated-hdmi-video.html,What are the Top Rated HDMI Video Converters in 2022?,Features:RCA to HDMI Converter: Converts composite signal (yellow  red  white cables) to HDMI signal for an HD TV / monitor.HDMI to RCA Converter Dingsun HDMI to AV Adapter HDMI to Older TV Adapter Compatible for Apple TV  Xiaomi Mi Box  Android TV Box  Roku  Fire Stick  DVD  Blu-ray Player ect.3 Port HDMI to RCA Converter  HDMI to AV Adapter for Older TV  HDMI to Composite Converter  for Fire Stick  Roku  PS4  Appler TV  HD Play  PC  DVD Players etc.This is HDMI to AV/ SVideo converter  can NOT use as AV/SVideo to HDMI converter.HDMI to RCA Converter  HDMI to Audio Video Converter  Plug and Play  Convert HDMI Signal to RCA (AV) Composite Video and L/R Stereo Audio Signals (HDMI to RCA Converter)Features:✪HDMI to RCA converter: Convert HDMI signal source to AV/ RCA/ Composite signal  connect the HDMI signal source to your old TV  you can watch programs on the old TV✪Input: HDMI; Output: RCA (Red  White  Yellow); HDMI input resolution up to 1080P  Support HDMI 1.3✪Please note: The converter does not support 3D and 4K.,"Top 10 Best Video Converters Dingsun Review and Buying Guide - top reviews from 9199 reviews for: where to buy the best Dingsun Video Converters in 2022?# Preview Product 1 RCA to HDMI Converter  AV to HDMI Adapter  Composite/CVBS/Video Audio Converter Support 1080P/720P for HD TV  Display  Projector  PC  PS2/PS3  N64  STB  Xbox  VHS  VCR  DVD  Blue-Ray Players etc. Check Price 2 HDMI to RCA Converter Dingsun HDMI to AV Adapter HDMI to Older TV Adapter Compatible for Apple TV  Xiaomi Mi Box  Android TV Box  Roku  Fire Stick  DVD  Blu-ray Player ect. Supports PAL/NTSC Check Price 3 Component to HDMI Converter YPbPr to HDMI Converter Support 720P/ 1080P for HD TV  DVD Player  Blu-ray Player  Wii  PS2/PS3  Xbox 360  Original Xbox and More (with HDMI Cable) Check Price 4 HDMI to SVideo Converter HDMI to Audio Video Converter HDMI to RCA Adapter with Svideo Cable Support 720P/1080p for PC Laptop Xbox PS3 TV STB VHS VCR Blue-Ray DVD Check Price 5 HDMI to RCA Converter for Old TV  HDMI to AV Adapter  HDMI to Composite Converter Compatible Appler TV  Roku  Chromecast  PC  Laptop  Xbox  STB  VHS  VCR  DVD  Blu-Ray Player  Android TV Box  ect. Check Price 6 2 Port AV to HDMI Converter Dual AV to HDMI Adapter RCA to HDMI Adapter Support 16:9/4:3 Compatible with WII  N64  PS2  VHS  VCR DVD Players etc(2 Port AV Input 1 HDMI Output) Check Price 7 3 Port HDMI to RCA Converter  HDMI to AV Adapter for Older TV  HDMI to Composite Converter  for Fire Stick  Roku  PS4  Appler TV  HD Play  PC  DVD Players etc. Check Price 8 HDMI to SVideo  HDMI to SVideo Adapter  HDMI to AV CVBS Svideo Converter for PS3  HDMI to RCA Adapter with RCA and Svideo Cable Support 1080p for Blue-Ray Xbox TV STB VHS VCR Camera DVD Player Check Price 9 HDMI to RCA Converter  HDMI to Audio Video Converter  Plug and Play  Convert HDMI Signal to RCA (AV) Composite Video and L/R Stereo Audio Signals (HDMI to RCA Converter) Check PriceRCA to HDMI Converter  AV to HDMI Adapter  Composite/CVBS/Video Audio Converter Support 1080P/720P for HD TV  Display  Projector  PC  PS2/PS3  N64  STB  Xbox  VHS  VCR  DVD  Blue-Ray Players etc.Features:RCA to HDMI Converter: Converts composite signal (yellow  red  white cables) to HDMI signal for an HD TV / monitor. Very suitable for hooking old game systems (Super Nintendo  Game Cube  etc.) to smart tvAV to hdmi Compatiable with PS2/3  N64  WII  WII U  Gamecube  original NES  Xbox  VHS  VCR  DVD player Blu-ray player  etc.Composite to HDMI Adapter: Provide advanced signal processing with great precision  colors  resolutions and details (Note: Not to improve video quality)Support HDMI 1080p / 720p output  No need to install drivers  portable  flexible  plug and play.( NOT Support 4K and 3D: such as PS4)Support PAL  NTSC3.58  NTSC4.43  SECAM  PAL/M  PAL/N standard TV formats input with a select switch (""NTSC"" is usually used in the United States)Top Reviews:I put three stars cause I really don't know. I don't know if it's my TV  the cables  the N64  but I'm still getting no signal. I don't know what I'm doing wrong but I'm really happy with the shipment speed and how compact it is. I will say I'm at least seeing a different version of no signal so something must be transferring.Works pretty good as long as you have it set on the lowest quality setting.So I bought this cord to hook up to my N64 for streaming and the picture quality on my high definition tv was just bad. I looked more into it from talking to others and apparently it was just a lot of signal lag coming with the converter. I will be returning. I wish it worked for what I wanted it for.HDMI to RCA Converter Dingsun HDMI to AV Adapter HDMI to Older TV Adapter Compatible for Apple TV  Xiaomi Mi Box  Android TV Box  Roku  Fire Stick  DVD  Blu-ray Player ect. Supports PAL/NTSCFeatures:HDMI to RCA Converter: Convert HDMI signal to RCA (AV) composite video and L / R stereo audio signals  connect to an older RCA TV or monitor projector;Plug and Play; No need to install any software; Support Input HDMI Resolution 480i  480P  720P  1080i  1080P;Please NOTE: It not support 4K and 3D(such as PS4). Does not support reverse work  does not Work as RCA to HDMI Converter (Old Video Game Systems to New Televisions)HDMI to RCA adapter Compatible with PS3  DVD  PC  Blue-Ray  Xbox one  Xbox 360  Roku  Chromecast  Roku  Fire stick  Apple TV and other streaming media boxes ect. Oupput support Older TV  Monitor  ProjectorHDMI to composite adapter Please set to NTSC format when use it in USA! Need to connect an external power supply through a micro USB cable  power consumption Max=5W;Top Reviews:Bought this converter because i teach CPR and needed a converter for the times i have to connect to a tv with RCA connectors with an HDMI laptop. The connection process was quick and intuitive. The video worked fine. Its not going to be perfect by any means but it gets the job done. It allows me to show a video that is steady and with decent audio. The audio doesnt have a great range of loudness but again it gets the job done. The picture from the laptop hangs over the sides of the tv but the actual video fits well enough so people can see whats important. All in all worth the money.Was disappointed after reading the good reviews And ordering this to work with a Firestick on an older flat panel tv. The instructions were very minimal and were not particularly helpful (also poorly translated to English). It was hard to figure out how to get it going  or after using it once how to get it to work again. Had to pull out the yellow cable and put it back in to get the connection to the tv (and have had to do it subsequently). It is also difficult to turn off and go back to your regular tv/cable input.You get what you pay for. I don't know how long it will last just considering the price is affordable and for adapters and switches these days if you aren't paying more you're bound to be disappointed. So far though it does what we need it to do. It's not HDMI quality but that's not what it's intended for so don't be surprised if that's what you're looking for. My HDMI ports busted on my tv and this is a cheaper alternative than a new tv or replacing HDMI ports. My only concern so far is that it runs incredibly hot and can emit a hot electrical scent. But other than that I'm happy with my purchase.Component to HDMI Converter YPbPr to HDMI Converter Support 720P/ 1080P for HD TV  DVD Player  Blu-ray Player  Wii  PS2/PS3  Xbox 360  Original Xbox and More (with HDMI Cable)Style:Component to HDMI Converter Component to HDMI Converter The Component to HDMI converter lets you convert and combine analog component video (YPbPr) with corresponding audio into a single HDMI outputYPbPr to HDMI Converter It can be applied to a variety of occasions: For digital entertainment center  HDTV retail and show site  HDTV  STB  DVD and Projector factory  conference room  information distribution presentation  school and corporate training environmentsNote: It is the YPbPr to HDMI converter  not supporting reverse use will not improve the picture qualityThe old game system/DVD you use can be converted  allowing you to experience the game on HDMI TV  but it will not improve the picture qualityWhen using PS2 game console  the output mode of PS2 needs to be changed to ""YPbPr"" mode instead of ""RGB""When using DVD  if your DVD’s YPbPr port is female  you need a male YPbPr converter to convert (the package does not include the YPbPr male converter) Features Input: Component video (YPbPr)  L/R audio (It must be connected correctly to work) Output: HDMI Support full range of Component video resolutions: 480i  480p  576i  576p  720p  1080i and l080p HDMI transmission rate: 5Gbps Support 165MHz/165Gbps per channel (495Gbps all channels) bandwidth Support 8bit per channel (24bit all channels) deep color Support uncompressed 2 channel audio such as LPCM Pacakage Content: 1x YPbPr to HDMI Converter 1x 5V1A Power Adapter 1x USB cable 1x HDMI cable 1x User Manual Please Note: 1  The five YPbPr ports should be connected correctly (usually there is no color because the ports are not connected correctly) 2  Pprovide five-star customer service and 12-month warranty  if the connection is wrong or if you have any questions  please get the seller's helpFeatures:Component to HDMI Converter: Converts component and analog audio signals into HDMI signal.(Note: This is a YPbPr to HDMI converter  does not support reverse conversion)YPbPr to HDMI Adapter Audio Output format: Support uncompressed 2 channel audio such as LPCM  no distortion of audio or video  no delay in signal transmission  5Gbps HDMI transmission rateComponent video Supports Component Input: 480i/p(60@Hz)  576i/p(50@Hz)  720p(50/60@Hz)  1080i/p(50/60@Hz); Supports HDMI Output: 720P/60@Hz  1080P/60@Hz (According to signal source)5RCA to HDMI Support Video Color Format: 24bit/deep color. Work well with Blu-ray Player  DVD Player  Wii  Xbox 360  Original Xbox and PS2/PS3  HDTVPackage Contents: YPbPr to HDMI Converter x1 DC 5V Power Adapter x1  HDMI cabler x1  USB cablerx1  User Manual x1 Please Feel Free to Contact us if You Have any ProblemsTop Reviews:I had to replace a TV and the new one had HDMI only. So I got this adapter for my DVD player and everything was great until I tried to play older DVDs. Not sure of age range but it will play  say the new Marvel DVDs just fine but not Labyrinth or Aliens. The menu will load but the movie becomes a wavy blob. I'm not a techie but my money is on the way the old DVDs were encoded and not the fault of the adapter (?) Please correct me if I'm wrong. So  I just wound up getting a new HDMI DVD player and all discs play fine now and I'll have this adapter on hand for something else.I purchased this 'YPbPr to HDMI Converter' after viewing quite a few options at Amazon. I am really pleased with this version.I DID have to email the support address from the card in the box because the product that was sent was the opposite one -'HDMI to YPbPr'. I sent a photo of me holding the device I received in front of the computer screen showing my order details. This was no fault of their own  as the label on the outer carton was for the correct part.Dingsun were extremely responsive and sorted me out immediately  popping the correct one in the mail same-day. They followed up to make sure I was happy too.As for the part...It is working great. It was needed for my kids to play their Wii on our newer (Samsung) TV that only comes with HDMI connectors.Note: For anyone with issues -Initially there was a problem with screen formatting -NOT due to this being a faulty part  but due to the advanced software in those TVs. I was using an XBox One as a passthrough device. The XBox has a higher resolution than the Wii and it confused the TV and would not allow for Widescreen setup even though the Wii itself was set to widescreen.Plugging this device directly into the TV worked fantastically.I love the fact that I can play my Xbox on my new  large Samsung  but from time to time  the picture goes out.HDMI to SVideo Converter HDMI to Audio Video Converter HDMI to RCA Adapter with Svideo Cable Support 720P/1080p for PC Laptop Xbox PS3 TV STB VHS VCR Blue-Ray DVDTop Reviews:This converter works with my Toshiba's ClearStream (540i) pre-HD DVD player  while the Component Video converters I've tried did not work at all. Points for that. Video quality is much better than via mere Composite (single RCA).However  the choice of connectors is a bit puzzling. The S-Video connector is grossly cheap and almost didn't fit  including slightly bent pins. Plus  the RCA connectors are the wrong gender for the purpose (they should be male). But  with a little wrangling  things are working.So  not quite a five-star rating  but functional.Wanted a higher resolutions converter for my Blu-ray videos. Fool proof with no drivers needed. Plug input into your HDMI output from your player and S video and RCA sound into your inputs. Allows you to convert HDMI to composite or S Video. S video is clear. Converter has its own power supply. Very happy with this converter.I wanted to do some recording of programs from my Firestick and needed an adapter to go into my Panasonic DVD recorder. At first I couldn't get it to work which could have been my fault but I got a HDMI splitter and that seems to have solved the problem. I didn't set the recorder to ""record"" before using the splitter so I don't know if that was the problem but using the splitter allows me to send a signal to the TV and the recorder so they both don't have to be on just to watch TV. The signal to the recorder is noticeably lower quality than the TV picture but I expected that. I think the recorder operates at 480 and the TV is 1080p so there is a difference in sharpness but for just general viewing by old timers it works just fine. It is HDMI in and either S video or RCA plugs out so right there you know there will be some signal loss but as I say  still a viewable picture. A decent unit over all.HDMI to RCA Converter for Old TV  HDMI to AV Adapter  HDMI to Composite Converter Compatible Appler TV  Roku  Chromecast  PC  Laptop  Xbox  STB  VHS  VCR  DVD  Blu-Ray Player  Android TV Box  ect.Features:HDMI to AV converter: Convert HDMI signal source to AV/RCA signal so that your old TV can be connected to HDMI signal sourceInput: HDMI; Output: AV/RCA; (Does not work as AV to HDMI converter)HDMI input resolution up to 1080P  support HDMI 1.3. Please NOTE: It NOT support 4K and 3DHDMI to RCA converter is compatible with PS3  DVD player  PC  Blu-ray player  Xbox  Fire Stick  Roku  Chromecast  Apple TV  etc.Please set as NTSC format when you are in USA! Video signal transferring only  unable to improve video quality.Top Reviews:My TV without HDMI was mostly useless until I hooked up the HDMI to RCA Converter for Old TV along with Chromecast 3 and turned it into a modern wifi-connected television able to receive many channels from Spectrum. A USB adapter was also needed for Chromecast to complete the transition. Hookup took a couple of minutes to complete.No problemsMy old Roku is no longer being supported  so I had to get a new one. They no longer make them with the red  yellow and white RCA plug-ins and I needed to go from my Digital adaptor to the ancient (sentimental attachment) tube tv. This adaptor worked fine  though I had to locate a way to plug it in to an electric source. (yet another adaptor) The picture is fine and being able to get all of the Roku channels for that elderly tv is a relief.2 Port AV to HDMI Converter Dual AV to HDMI Adapter RCA to HDMI Adapter Support 16:9/4:3 Compatible with WII  N64  PS2  VHS  VCR DVD Players etc(2 Port AV Input 1 HDMI Output)2Port AV to HDMI Converter You have multiple old game consoles or DVDs that need to be connected to an HDMI TV/monitor  need this 2AV to HDMI converter  which can connect 2 RCA signal sources to an HDMI TV (such as DVD and Nintendo switches)  and then use the switch button Select an output to avoid frequent insertion and removalThe appearance of the aluminum box is durable and can effectively prevent interferenceav to hdmi converter with 16:9 and 4:3 switching buttons  you can switch the aspect ratio of the screen (for example Nintendo 64 is suitable for 4:3) No need to install drivers  plug and play The converter has a switch  please open it when you use it  you can close it if you don't use it The package contains a 5V1A power adapterThe converter needs to be connected to a power sourceHDMI supports up to 1080p (60HZ) outputAV to HDMI Converter Compatible with WII  N64  PS2  PS3  STB  VHS  VCR DVD Players  TV and Projector  etcPackage content: 1 x 2AV to HDMI Converter 1× HDMI Cable 1× Power Adapter 1 x USB Cable 1 x User Manual note: 1Please select the correct input2Please connect the RCA cable correctly3The product needs to be powered to use  a little heat is normal  please rest assured to use4If you have any questions  please contact seller supportOverview:Connector Type:RCA  HDMIBrand:DingsunNumber of Ports:2Top Reviews:My HDTV only has a single composite video input  and I have a VCR and a DVD player that still function very well  and multiple movies in which I invested a lot. So  when we run out of streaming videos to watch  is good to be able to use these devices. And this Dingsun dual composite inputs to HDMI port converter  allows me to connect both devices at the same time.One important fact to keep in mind is that the HDTV will display only what the connected devices reproduce  so since these composite video sources are an analog video signal  the quality of the video will not be High Definition  because it never was. I’m okay with that  because I can still watch my old movies  and the screen is larger  and the display is good  and the sound is excellent.One can choose between 4: 3 and 16: 9 aspect ratios  using the dedicated button on top of the box  and there is also a button to switch between the two composite video sources. And it has an on/off button too. There is a wall charger and cable included  as well as a HDMI cable  and an user’s manual.I have a smart TV  a dumb DVD player  and an even dumber VHS all connected to this device. Yes I’m a dinosaur. I love my old devices that still work and this device allows me to almost seemlessly use either device with a flip of a switch. It works for me. Set up was a bit confusing but I figured it out in a couple minutes. Works great!Works as stated. Nice 4/3 ratio. When connecting to a monitor without speakers  audio is non-existant. You will need an av to aux cable to intercept each audio line  or switch back and forth.3 Port HDMI to RCA Converter  HDMI to AV Adapter for Older TV  HDMI to Composite Converter  for Fire Stick  Roku  PS4  Appler TV  HD Play  PC  DVD Players etc.Overview:Connector Type:RCA  HDMIBrand:DingsunNumber of Ports:3Top Reviews:not enough instructions for hookup and usageIt was not compatible with my TV. It has been returned.I got it to use for work and it was perfect! I could attach my firestick to the old TV we had so my patients could watch movies!HDMI to SVideo  HDMI to SVideo Adapter  HDMI to AV CVBS Svideo Converter for PS3  HDMI to RCA Adapter with RCA and Svideo Cable Support 1080p for Blue-Ray Xbox TV STB VHS VCR Camera DVD PlayerFeatures:HDMI in: Composite/Svideo + Audio R/L outHDMI input is support 720P@60Hz or 1080P@ 60Hz. (Not support 4k device)The HDMI to svideo supports NTSC and PAL two standard TV formats. (Please set as NTSC format when you are in USA!)HDMI to svideo video Converter Compatible with Apple TV /Roku /Xbox / STB/ VCR/ Blu-ray/ DVD/ PS3/ Laptop/ TV/ Projector etc.This is HDMI to AV/ SVideo converter  can NOT use as AV/SVideo to HDMI converter.Top Reviews:I have to readjust the TV screen. I can't tell at this point if it's clear or not. It's half the size it should be.Obvious connections  no need for the cryptic instructions inside the box. A bit surprised that a USB connection is required for power... my TV only has one available and it is in use by the Roku stick. I had to use the external power source (that was included). I wish I'd bought this a year ago.Not flaky  just plug and go. Picture quality as to color and resolution might be a bit lower than the best  but pretty close to the best of hdmi to svideo. Sound level a bit low  but clean. Simple and reliable settings. Could use a slightly longer power cable. S video is male  so either mount it close to screen or get a female to female adapter.HDMI to RCA Converter  HDMI to Audio Video Converter  Plug and Play  Convert HDMI Signal to RCA (AV) Composite Video and L/R Stereo Audio Signals (HDMI to RCA Converter)Features:?HDMI to RCA converter: Convert HDMI signal source to AV/ RCA/ Composite signal  connect the HDMI signal source to your old TV  you can watch programs on the old TV?Input: HDMI; Output: RCA (Red  White  Yellow); HDMI input resolution up to 1080P  Support HDMI 1.3?Please note: The converter does not support 3D and 4K. Cannot be used as an AV to HDMI converter  please confirm whether it is reversed before purchasing?HDMI to AV converter is compatible with PS3  DVD player  PC  Blu-ray player  Xbox  Fire Stick  Roku  Chromecast  Fire stick etc.??You will get: 1× HDMI to RCA converter  1× HDMI Cable  1× Power Adapter  1× USB Power Cable; and our friendly customer service and warranty serviceTop Reviews:It gave my older analog TV's a lease on life using the latest Directv as an input.No issues/ easy installI wasn't actually expecting this to work  but to my surprise it not only worked but the picture looked great. We vacation at a place with a TV with a built in VCR  and I was able to connect firesticks to the TV with this convertor. I highly recommend this. All cables needed come with it as well.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.09,0.39,True,English,"['Top Rated HDMI Video Converters', 'PC Laptop Xbox PS3 TV STB VHS VCR Blue-Ray DVD Check Price', 'Blue-Ray Xbox TV STB VHS VCR Camera DVD Player', 'L / R stereo audio signals', 'PAL/N standard TV formats input', 'Support Input HDMI Resolution 480i', 'L/R Stereo Audio Signals', 'yellow, red, white cables', 'other streaming media boxes', 'best Dingsun Video Converters', 'Top 10 Best Video Converters', 'Composite/CVBS/Video Audio Converter Support', 'HD TV / monitor', 'Svideo Cable Support 1080p', 'Old Video Game Systems', 'AV CVBS Svideo Converter', 'Audio Video Converter HDMI', 'RCA Converter Dingsun HDMI', 'old game systems', 'VCR DVD Players', 'Android TV Box', 'high definition tv', 'Check Price 2 HDMI', 'Xiaomi Mi Box', 'micro USB cable', 'Support HDMI 1080p', 'PAL/NTSC Check Price', 'Port AV Input', 'external power supply', 'lowest quality setting', 'Older TV Adapter', 'HDMI Converter Support', 'advanced signal processing', 'HDMI Adapter Support', 'HDMI Converter YPbPr', 'older RCA TV', 'SVideo Converter HDMI', 'Blue-Ray Players', 'AV Adapter HDMI', 'HDMI Adapter RCA', 'HDMI laptop', 'Old TV', 'Dingsun Review', 'decent audio', 'HDMI Cable', 'SVideo Adapter', 'video quality', 'Oupput support', 'Apple TV', 'Appler TV', 'smart tv', 'Original Xbox', 'Game Cube', 'Blu-ray Player', 'Composite Converter', 'power consumption', '2 Port AV', 'RCA Adapter', 'composite adapter', 'top reviews', '1 HDMI Output', 'HDMI Signal', 'Buying Guide', 'Fire Stick', 'Super Nintendo', 'original NES', 'great precision', '720p output', 'select switch', 'United States', 'three stars', 'shipment speed', 'different version', 'reverse work', 'New Televisions', 'RCA connectors', 'connection process', 'great range', 'composite signal', 'signal lag', 'picture quality', 'HD Play', 'monitor projector', 'NTSC format', 'WII U', '9199 reviews', 'Display', 'PS2/PS', 'N64', 'Roku', '3 Component', 'Chromecast', 'Plug', 'Features', 'Gamecube', 'colors', 'resolutions', 'details', 'Note', 'drivers', '4K', '3D', 'SECAM', 'PAL/M', 'something', 'cord', 'others', 'lot', 'Supports', 'software', 'USA', 'CPR', 'times', 'means', 'job', 'loudness', 'sid']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,maddapple.com
147,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-outperforms-market-despite-losses-on-the-day-01645654181-61fe696f4a7a,Nasdaq Inc. stock outperforms market despite losses on the day,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -1.00% sank 0.46% to $168.19 Wednesday  on what proved to be an all-around poor trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  -1.19% falling 1.84% to 4 225.50 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -1.89% falling 1.38% to 33 131.76.This was the stock's fifth consecutive day of losses.Nasdaq Inc. closed $46.77 short of its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet.See our market data terms of use.,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -1.00% sank 0.46% to $168.19 Wednesday  on what proved to be an all-around poor trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  -1.19% falling 1.84% to 4 225.50 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -1.89% falling 1.38% to 33 131.76. This was the stock's fifth consecutive day of losses. Nasdaq Inc. closed $46.77 short of its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.Despite its losses  the stock outperformed some of its competitors Wednesday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -5.06% fell 1.57% to $52.87  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -1.07% fell 1.18% to $235.56  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  -1.82% fell 2.07% to $17.06.true Trading volume (875 439) remained 82 312 below its 50-day average volume of 957 751.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'market', 'losses', 'day', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'poor trading session', 'fifth consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'true Trading volume', 'automation technology provider', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', '52-week high', 'Clearing Ltd.', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'losses', 'company', 'November', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,marketwatch.com
148,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.investing.com/news/muench-rueckvers-earnings-beat-revenue-misses-in-q4-2771140,Muench. Rueckvers. Earnings Beat  Revenue Misses In Q4 By Investing.com,(DE: ) reported on Wednesday fourth quarter that beat analysts' forecasts and revenue that fell short of expectations.Analysts polled by Investing.com anticipated EPS of €5.96 on revenue of €14.32B.'s report follows an earnings beat by Deutsche Boerse on February 11  who reported EPS of €1.64 on revenue of €934.8M  compared to forecasts EPS of €1.56 on revenue of €940.29M.Deutsche Bank AG had missed expectations on January 29 with fourth quarter EPS of €0.15 on revenue of €5.9B  compared to forecast for EPS of €0.197 on revenue of €5.75B.Stay up-to-date on all of the upcoming earnings reports by visiting Investing.com's earnings calendar,Investing.com - Muench. Rueckvers. (DE: ) reported on Wednesday fourth quarter that beat analysts' forecasts and revenue that fell short of expectations.Muench. Rueckvers. announced earnings per share of €7.4 on revenue of €14.29B. Analysts polled by Investing.com anticipated EPS of €5.96 on revenue of €14.32B.Muench. Rueckvers. shares are down 5.05% from the beginning of the year  still down 14.21% from its 52 week high of €282.25 set on February 1. They are outperforming the which is down 10.57% from the start of the year.Muench. Rueckvers. follows other major Financial sector earnings this monthMuench. Rueckvers.'s report follows an earnings beat by Deutsche Boerse on February 11  who reported EPS of €1.64 on revenue of €934.8M  compared to forecasts EPS of €1.56 on revenue of €940.29M.Deutsche Bank AG had missed expectations on January 29 with fourth quarter EPS of €0.15 on revenue of €5.9B  compared to forecast for EPS of €0.197 on revenue of €5.75B.Stay up-to-date on all of the upcoming earnings reports by visiting Investing.com's earnings calendar,negative,0.06,0.37,0.57,negative,0.02,0.21,0.77,True,English,"['Earnings Beat', 'Muench', 'Rueckvers', 'Revenue', 'Q4', 'Investing', 'com', 'other major Financial sector earnings', 'Wednesday fourth quarter', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'upcoming earnings reports', 'fourth quarter EPS', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'earnings calendar', 'Investing.com', ""analysts' forecasts"", 'Muench', 'Rueckvers', 'revenue', 'expectations', 'share', 'beginning', 'year', '52 week', 'February', 'start', 'January']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,investing.com
149,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://hardwoodparoxysm.com/the-top-5-countries-for-digital-securities-investments/,The Top 5 Countries for Digital Securities Investments,The digital securities market is quickly gaining traction  and many investors are jumping on board.That’s why we’ve put together this list of the top 5 countries within the European Union for digital securities investments.The United States of AmericaThe United States is leading the way with digital securities investments and is currently the largest issuer of blockchain-based assets.Digital securities are also used in the private sector  with public companies such as Overstock.com Inc.  Kodak  and IBM issuing their digital securities to fund various projects.It’s unlikely that these digital securities will replace physical securities.,The digital securities market is quickly gaining traction  and many investors are jumping on board. But not all countries provide a level playing field for this type of investment. That’s why we’ve put together this list of the top 5 countries within the European Union for digital securities investments. But first  let’s take a look at what digital securities are.What are digital securities?Digital securities are issued on a blockchain  a secure public ledger that anyone can view and edit  similar to a traditional bank account. Unlike conventional paper money  digital securities can be traded at any time and are subject to the same laws as any other type of asset.Due to the security of blockchain technology  many financial institutions have expressed a desire to start issuing their digital securities on this platform. From there  this technology has already become more than just an idea and is being utilized in various financial markets around the world. Some countries have begun issuing government bonds through it – known as “smart bonds.” And there are even countries that are attempting to issue stocks or shares on this platform. The growing demand for digital securities continues to increase. According to the Securities industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA)  this market will grow by more than $7 billion in the next five years.What are the Top 5 European Countries for Digital Securities?Although still in its early stages  many investors have flocked to this new method of investing due to its convenience  security  and low cost. Countries around the globe have also been issuing their digital securities to continue promoting innovation and maintaining financial stability within their states.1. The United States of AmericaThe United States is leading the way with digital securities investments and is currently the largest issuer of blockchain-based assets. The country has become a hub for blockchain technology  with states such as Wyoming  Delaware  and New Hampshire continuing to attract companies outside the country who wish to start issuing digital securities.Digital securities are also used in the private sector  with public companies such as Overstock.com Inc.  Kodak  and IBM issuing their digital securities to fund various projects. This innovation has allowed for increased investor transparency and liquidity when investing in a project or company online.Many countries around the world would likely like to replicate the success of the United States when it comes to financial services. Still  this may prove not accessible due to its innovation and dominance in this field. The United States also appears to be one of the countries benefiting most when it comes to blockchain technology  as it has long been a leader in the financial sector.2. ChinaChina has not been left behind when it comes to digital securities. While the country may have a bad reputation for data laws and personal privacy  there are indications that this is all about to change. China is in the process of improving and strengthening its financial systems and infrastructure  which will likely include digital securities at some point in the future.The country has already made a big move by allowing pension funds to be issued through blockchain technology  which many people believe will lead to further adoption of digital securities by local companies within China. While China may still be unsure how best to regulate digital securities  this market will likely develop within the next few years as regulations are put into place.3. GermanyGermany has a thriving digital securities market. Some of the most innovative companies and financial institutions globally are from Germany. Some of these countries include Bitwala  Bitbond  and Neufund.Unlike China or the United States  Germany has been quick to adopt rules and regulations that help bridge the gap between different forms of capital investments and share information with other countries for increased transparency. This country is also a leader in finding new ways to regulate blockchain technology to ensure its safety and effectiveness for current investors.4. SwitzerlandThis country also has some of the most progressive regulations regarding digital securities  thanks in part to its independent financial sector. There is a growing interest in this market within Switzerland  as companies have shown interest in using this type of investment as a new form of financing for both large and small businesses.The introduction of this type of investment into Switzerland also puts it ahead of many other countries when it comes to embracing blockchain technology. Digital securities will likely be heavily utilized within this country in the future  with many companies eager to get involved with this form of financing.Next year  for example  a major state-backed financial issuer – the post office – will be issuing digital securities as a way to raise money for the development of its infrastructure.5. JapanJapan is a highly regulated country  whereas most other countries have had to develop regulations for digital securities as new investors and companies look for ways to tap into this emerging market. One of the significant issues that the government has had to tackle is ensuring that a digital bearer instrument (DBI) system isn’t used as a potential method of financial fraud.This system is still relatively new and may take some time to implement. Still  it appears that regulators are being proactive in this area  and it could be another critical factor in the growth of the Japanese digital securities market.The Japanese government recently announced that it would be creating regulations for blockchain technology within its financial sector  giving Japan ample opportunity in this field.SummaryWhile we have only touched on a few countries at the moment  it’s clear that this field is growing in popularity and is likely to continue to grow. Digital securities are already being used by companies and investors worldwide  with significant financial groups such as Deutsche Boerse and JP Morgan Chase showing interest in this new method of investing. It’s unlikely that these digital securities will replace physical securities. Still  they appear to be an innovative form of investment that provides a real benefit for both companies and investors alike.Feel free to leave your comments below! We would like to hear your feedback.“Unable to type with boxing gloves on. Freelance organizer. Avid analyst. Friendly troublemaker. Bacon junkie.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.19,0.27,True,English,"['Digital Securities Investments', 'Top 5 Countries', 'The', 'major state-backed financial issuer', 'thriving digital securities market', 'traditional bank account', 'Overstock.com Inc.', 'Financial Markets Association', 'secure public ledger', 'most other countrie', 'various financial markets', 'level playing field', 'conventional paper money', 'independent financial sector', 'The United States', 'many financial institutions', 'digital securities investments', 'next five years', 'Top 5 European Countries', 'many other countries', 'largest issuer', 'capital investments', 'financial stability', 'financial services', 'financial systems', 'European Union', 'various projects', 'private sector', 'many investors', 'many people', 'Securities industry', 'public companies', 'top 5 countries', 'same laws', 'government bonds', 'smart bonds', 'growing demand', 'early stages', 'new method', 'low cost', 'blockchain-based assets', 'New Hampshire', 'bad reputation', 'data laws', 'personal privacy', 'big move', 'pension funds', 'different forms', 'new ways', 'current investors', 'small businesses', 'post office', 'many companies', 'Many countries', 'other type', 'blockchain technology', 'local companies', 'innovative companies', 'investor transparency', 'growing interest', 'new form', 'progressive regulations', 'regulated country', 'traction', 'board', 'list', 'look', 'time', 'security', 'desire', 'platform', 'idea', 'world', 'stocks', 'shares', 'SIFMA', 'convenience', 'globe', 'innovation', 'America', 'hub', 'Wyoming', 'Delaware', 'Kodak', 'IBM', 'liquidity', 'company', 'success', 'dominance', 'leader', 'China', 'indications', 'process', 'infrastructure', 'point', 'future', 'adoption', 'place', 'Germany', 'Bitwala', 'Bitbond', 'Neufund', 'rules', 'gap', 'information', 'increased', 'safety', 'effectiveness', 'Switzerland', 'part', 'financing', 'introduction', 'example', 'development', 'Japan']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,hardwoodparoxysm.com
150,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/klocked-announces-secret-3k-run-walk-partnership,Klocked Announces “Secret 3k Run/Walk” Partnership,( CSE:EPY )( OTC PINK:EPYFF )( FSE:2NY2 ) (the “Company”) today announced that the recently released award-winning Klocked App has partnered with The Secret 3k Run/Walk .The Secret 3k event takes place Wednesday  March 2 starting a 6:00 PM eastern / 3:00 PM pacific.“The Secret 3k has a powerful backstory emerging from the first marathon in Afghanistan which had to be run in secret locations ” says Tarra Williamson  The Secret 3k Race Director.Partnering with The Secret 3k is an honor.”By participating in The Secret 3k you are helping increase awareness about gender equality issues  and  by making a donation  you are helping to further the work of the charity partners to build safe and inclusive spaces that promote gender equality.All Secret 3K participants will have the option to unlock special digital race t-shirts  digital finisher’s medals  and digital race bib for their Klocked avatars.,5th Annual Secret 3k charity event partnership allows participants to Klock their runLOS ANGELES  CA / ACCESSWIRE / February 23  2022 / ePlay Digital Inc . ( CSE:EPY )( OTC PINK:EPYFF )( FSE:2NY2 ) (the “Company”) today announced that the recently released award-winning Klocked App has partnered with The Secret 3k Run/Walk . Registration for the March 2  2022 Secret 3k event is now open through the Running Room .Registered participants   schools   and groups can run together  from wherever they are  with The Secret 3k and Klocked. The Secret 3k event takes place Wednesday  March 2 starting a 6:00 PM eastern / 3:00 PM pacific.The 5th Annual The Secret 3k is held during the week of International Women’s Day. The race celebrates the right to be free to run. The history of The Secret 3k was inspired by the first ever marathon held in Afghanistan in 2015 – a marathon that both men and women were able to participate in but had to keep a secret. Why? There are still places in the world where women are not allowed to run or walk outside. However  a community in Afghanistan courageously carved out a new way forward for the next generation. The Secret 3k carries on this tradition while raising awareness and donations.“The Secret 3k has a powerful backstory emerging from the first marathon in Afghanistan which had to be run in secret locations ” says Tarra Williamson  The Secret 3k Race Director. “Working with Klocked gives participants an option to create powerful memories from their participation even when it can’t be in-person.”Klocked  The Secret 3k  and the Running Room invite everyone to come together in solidarity to support the right all humans should have to walk or run free of fear in their community.“We all should have the right to walk and run free from fear in their community ” says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital and co-creator of Klocked. “We know this is not true for everybody. Partnering with The Secret 3k is an honor.”By participating in The Secret 3k you are helping increase awareness about gender equality issues  and  by making a donation  you are helping to further the work of the charity partners to build safe and inclusive spaces that promote gender equality. Together we can empower women and girls through education and sport. Make a difference by signing up to participate in The Secret 3K and inviting a friend to join you today.All Secret 3K participants will have the option to unlock special digital race t-shirts  digital finisher’s medals  and digital race bib for their Klocked avatars. They can also level-up with special edition premium digital merch and climb the overall and divisional Klocked leaderboards. Klocked app participants will be able to teleport to two different Secret 3k courses for the real-time race experience on March 2.Klocked Secret 3k participants running anywhere in the world will receive:awesome augmented reality unboxing experiencedigital race t-shirt and race bibaugmented reality finisher’s medalrace audio coaching guiderace landmark announcementsget added to division leaderboardearn points to unlock special featuresreplays and highlightsspectator code to send to family and friends to watch the raceTo register and obtain more information visit The Secret 3kAbout The Secret 3kThe 5th Annual The Secret 3k is held during the week of International Women’s Day. The race celebrates the right to be free to run. The history of The Secret 3k was inspired by the first ever marathon held in Afghanistan in 2015 – a marathon that both men and women were able to participate in but had to keep a secret. Why? There are still places in the world where women are not allowed to run or walk outside. However  a community in Afghanistan courageously carved out a new way forward for the next generation. The Secret 3k carries on this tradition while raising awareness and donations.About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game and sports metaverse creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including the award-winning augmented reality running app  Klocked.run   sports gaming app Fan Freak   flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration – HowiesGames.com . ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay’s wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo eSports specializes in augmented reality  3D metaverse  mobile game development and mobile eSports streaming.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral – iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES – iOSOutbreak Unlimited – iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES – iOSSwishAR – iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball – iOS / AndroidBig Swish – iOSBig Shot Swish ES – iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App – Klocked.meKlocked World – Sports MetaverseFan Freak Sports AppFurther InformationFurther details are available under the Company’s profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company’s profile on the CSE’s website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.(310) 684-3857?E-mail: [email protected]Website: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange: (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra – Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital Inc.View source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/689946/Klocked-Announces-Secret-3k-RunWalk-Partnership,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.14,0.33,True,English,"['Secret 3k Run/Walk” Partnership', 'Klocked', 'medal race audio coaching guide race landmark announcements', '5th Annual Secret 3k charity event partnership', 'flagship title Big Shot Basketball', 'awesome augmented reality unboxing experience', 'special edition premium digital merch', 'two different Secret 3k courses', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'Klocked Augmented Reality Fitness App', 'iOS Big Shot Swish ES', 'The Secret 3k Race Director', 'award-winning augmented reality running app', 'digital technology industry experts', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'The Secret 3k event', 'special digital race t-shirts', 'The Secret 3k Run/Walk', 'Fan Freak Sports App', '2022 Secret 3k event', 'Klocked Secret 3k participants', 'real-time race experience', 'augmented reality finisher', 'Howie Go Viral', 'Android Big Swish', 'award-winning Klocked App', 'digital race bib', 'mobile game development', 'Time Warner Cable', 'sports gaming app', 'Klocked app participants', 'mobile eSports streaming', 'divisional Klocked leaderboards', 'ePlay Digital Inc', 'gender equality issues', 'ePlay Released Games', 'Android Outbreak ES', 'first ever marathon', 'right all humans', 'sports metaverse creator', 'charity partners', 'game titles', 'digital finisher', 'special features', 'award-winning team', 'secret locations', 'Running Room', 'SwishAR ES', 'first marathon', 'Outbreak Unlimited', 'Registered participants', '3D metaverse', 'Klocked avatars', 'LOS ANGELES', 'OTC PINK', 'new way', 'next generation', 'powerful backstory', 'Tarra Williamson', 'powerful memories', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'inclusive spaces', 'division leaderboard', 'spectator code', 'eSports leaders', 'software engineers', 'Sony Pictures', 'AXS TV', 'Mobovivo eSports', 'Further Inf', 'Klocked.run', 'Klocked World', 'International Women', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'February', 'CSE', 'EPY', 'FSE', '2NY2', 'Company', 'Registration', 'March', 'schools', 'groups', 'place', '6:00 PM', 'week', 'Day', 'history', 'Afghanistan', 'community', 'tradition', 'awareness', 'donations', 'option', 'participation', 'person', 'everyone', 'solidarity', 'fear', 'CEO', 'everybody', 'honor', 'work', 'safe', 'girls', 'education', 'difference', 'friend', 'medals', 'overall', 'points', 'replays', 'highlights', 'family', 'information', 'publisher', 'HowiesGames', 'broadcast', 'athletes', 'dozens', 'market', 'companies', 'ESPN', 'Intel', 'AXN', 'Fiat', 'CBS', 'others', 'subsidiary', '3:00']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,digitaljournal.com
151,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse AG: Preliminary announcement of the publication of financial reports according to Art... https://t.co/3sD0wvURh8,nan,Deutsche Börse AG: Preliminary announcement of the publication of financial reports according to Art... https://t.co/3sD0wvURh8,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Preliminary announcement', 'financial reports', 'publication', 'Art...', 'sD0wvURh8', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Preliminary announcement', 'financial reports', 'publication', 'Art...', 'sD0wvURh8']",2022-02-24,2022-03-01,Unknown
152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/adocia-announces-2021-fourth-quarter-170000297.html,Adocia announces 2021 fourth quarter financial results,Adocia SALYON  France  Feb. 23  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specialized in the development of innovative formulations of proteins and peptides for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases announced today its fourth quarter financial results.The revenue recorded for the year 2021 (EUR 1.4 million) reflects the progress of research and development services provided by Adocia in connection with the transfer and development of products as contracted in 2018.Net Cash PositionThe Company had a cash position of EUR 15.2 million as of December 31  2021  compared to EUR 28.1 million as of December 31  2020.Cash consumption for the year 2021 amounts to EUR 19.9 million and stands below last year's level (EUR 22.5 million)  on a comparable basis (excluding financing operations).Net financial liabilities (excluding derivative debts impacts) amounted to EUR 33.3 million as of December 31  2021  compared with EUR 27.3 million as of December 31  2020.,Adocia SALYON  France  Feb. 23  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adocia (Euronext Paris: FR0011184241 – ADOC)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company specialized in the development of innovative formulations of proteins and peptides for the treatment of diabetes and other metabolic diseases announced today its fourth quarter financial results.Fourth quarter 2021 financial resultsThe main financial figures for the quarter are as follows:Detail of the revenue for the fourth quarter of 2021In thousands of euros  IFRS standards (unaudited) 12/31/2021(3 months) 12/31/2020(3 months) 12/31/2021(12 months) 12/31/2020(12 months) Licensing revenues 128 159 461 841 Research and collaboration agreements 384 983 Revenue 513 159 1 444 841The Company’s revenue primarily stems from the licensing and collaboration agreements entered into with Tonghua Dongbao (THDB) for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of BioChaperone ® Lispro and BioChaperone ® Combo in China and other territories in Asia.The revenue recorded for the year 2021 (EUR 1.4 million) reflects the progress of research and development services provided by Adocia in connection with the transfer and development of products as contracted in 2018. Upon partner's request  additional services were provided by Adocia's teams in particular on the BioChaperone® Combo project  for an amount of nearly 1 million euros.Net Cash PositionThe Company had a cash position of EUR 15.2 million as of December 31  2021  compared to EUR 28.1 million as of December 31  2020. Cash consumption for the year 2021 amounts to EUR 19.9 million and stands below last year's level (EUR 22.5 million)  on a comparable basis (excluding financing operations).Net financial liabilities (excluding derivative debts impacts) amounted to EUR 33.3 million as of December 31  2021  compared with EUR 27.3 million as of December 31  2020. The EUR 6 million increase is mainly due to the convertible issuance carried out in October 2021  which resulted in a net cash inflow of EUR 6 million. A portion of the bonds was converted at the end of December  the balance being recorded as debt under IFRS 9 and IAS 32.Story continuesAdditional informationThis press release contains only the key financial elements of the company  i.e. cash  debt and revenue. Comments  significant events and project progress will be detailed in the press release scheduled for April 19  2022.About AdociaAdocia is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that specializes in the development of innovative formulations of therapeutic peptides and proteins for the treatment of diabetes and metabolic diseases. In the diabetes field  Adocia’s portfolio of injectable treatments is among the largest and most differentiated of the industry  featuring six clinical-stage products and several pre-clinical products.Adocia’s clinical pipeline includes five novel insulin formulations for the treatment of diabetes: two ultra-rapid formulations of insulin analog lispro (BioChaperone® Lispro U100 and U200)  a combination of basal insulin glargine and rapid acting insulin lispro (BioChaperone® Combo) and two combinations of a prandial insulin with amylin analog pramlintide (M1Pram and BioChaperone® LisPram). The clinical pipeline also includes an aqueous formulation of human glucagon (BioChaperone® Glucagon) for the treatment of hypoglycemia.Adocia’s preclinical pipeline includes bi-hormonal combinations for diabetes treatment: a combination of aspart rapid acting insulin analog and pramlintide (BioChaperone® AsPram)  a combination of insulin glargine with GLP-1 receptor agonist (BioChaperone® Glargine Liraglutide). In addition  there are three multi-hormonal products for the treatment of obesity: a combination of glucagon and exenatide (BioChaperone® GluExe)  a combination of pramlintide and exenatide (PramExe) and a triple combination of pramlintide glucagon exenatide (BioChaperone® PramGluExe).Adocia's portfolio is based on three technology platforms: 1) The BioChaperone® platform is designed to enhance the effectiveness and/or safety of therapeutic proteins while making them easier for patients to use; 2) A platform designed to improve cell therapy techniques using a hydrogel matrix; 3) A platform for the oral delivery of peptides.Contact AdociaAdociaGérard SoulaCEOcontactinvestisseurs@adocia.comPh: +33 4 72 610 610www.adocia.com MC Services AGAdocia Press Relations EuropeRaimund Gabriel  Shaun Brown  Andreas Jungferadocia@mc-services.euPh: +49 89 210 228 0DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Adocia and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Adocia considers as being reasonable. However  there can be no guarantee that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be achieved  as such estimates are subject to numerous risks including those which are set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document that was filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers on April 20  2021 (a copy of which is available at www.adocia.com )  in particular uncertainties that are linked to research and development  future clinical data  analyses  and the evolution of the economic context  the financial markets and the markets in which Adocia operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Adocia or not considered as material by Adocia as of this day. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause that actual results  financial conditions  performances  or achievements of Adocia be materially different from those mentioned in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy Adocia’s shares in any jurisdiction.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['2021 fourth quarter financial results', 'Adocia', 'Gérard Soula CEO contactinvestisseurs', 'aspart rapid acting insulin analog', 'rapid acting insulin lispro', 'five novel insulin formulations', 'fourth quarter financial results', 'Fourth quarter 2021 financial results', 'Adocia Press Relations Europe', 'insulin analog lispro', 'main financial figures', 'Net financial liabilities', 'key financial elements', 'derivative debts impacts', 'GLP-1 receptor agonist', 'three technology platforms', 'cell therapy techniques', 'Risk Factors” section', 'universal registration document', 'French Autorité des', 'marchés financiers', 'basal insulin glargine', 'amylin analog pramlintide', 'six clinical-stage products', 'several pre-clinical products', 'three multi-hormonal products', 'two ultra-rapid formulations', 'net cash inflow', 'BioChaperone® Lispro U100', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'BioChaperone® Glargine Liraglutide', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Net Cash Position', 'other metabolic diseases', 'EUR 6 million increase', 'Andreas Jungfer adocia', 'MC Services AG', 'The BioChaperone® platform', 'BioChaperone® Combo project', 'collaboration agreements 384 983 Revenue', 'pramlintide glucagon exenatide', 'prandial insulin', 'innovative formulations', 'other territories', 'press release', 'two combinations', 'Cash consumption', 'BioChaperone® LisPram', 'BioChaperone® Glucagon', 'BioChaperone® AsPram', 'BioChaperone® GluExe', 'BioChaperone® PramGluExe', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'Tonghua Dongbao', 'additional services', '1 million euros', 'comparable basis', 'financing operations', 'convertible issuance', 'Additional information', 'significant events', 'project progress', 'injectable treatments', 'clinical pipeline', 'aqueous formulation', 'human glucagon', 'bi-hormonal combinations', 'hydrogel matrix', 'oral delivery', 'Raimund Gabriel', 'Shaun Brown', 'numerous risks', 'IFRS standards', 'Licensing revenues', 'diabetes field', 'Adocia SA', 'Contact Adocia', 'last year', 'therapeutic peptides', 'therapeutic proteins', 'development services', 'triple combination', 'diabetes treatment', 'LYON', 'France', 'Feb.', 'Detail', 'thousands', 'Research', 'THDB', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'China', 'Asia', 'connection', 'transfer', 'partner', 'request', 'teams', 'amount', 'December', 'level', 'October', 'portion', 'bonds', 'end', 'balance', 'IAS', 'Story', 'Comments', 'April', 'portfolio', 'industry', 'U200', 'M1Pram', 'hypoglycemia', 'obesity', 'PramExe', 'effectiveness', 'safety', 'patients', 'Disclaimer', 'business', 'assumptions', 'guarantee', 'estimates']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argenx-report-full-2021-financial-060000917.html,argenx to Report Full Year 2021 Financial Results and Fourth Quarter Business Update on March 3  2022,February 24  2022Breda  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering ...,February 24  2022Breda  the Netherlands argenx (Euronext &amp; Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today… [+1630 chars],neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.67,0.25,True,English,"['Full Year 2021 Financial Results', 'Fourth Quarter Business Update', 'argenx', 'March', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Netherlands argenx', 'February', 'Breda', 'Euronext', 'amp', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', '1630 chars']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/no-3-2022-notice-general-090000920.html,No. 3 2022 Notice of general meeting,Solar A/SSolar A/S will hold its annual general meeting on Friday 18 March 2022 at 11.00 am at the offices of Solar Danmark A/S  Industrivej Vest 43  6600 Vejen  Denmark.Registration of attendanceShareholders who want to attend the general meeting must register their attendance by Monday 14 March 2022 at 11:59 pm.to be used for the general meeting by written letter to Solar A/S  Industrivej Vest 43  6600 Vejen  or via e-mail to investor@solar.dk.Moreover  shareholders on record will have the opportunity  during the general meeting  to submit written questions to Solar’s Director  Investor Relations  who will present the questions at the general meeting.These questions may be shortened  edited and potentially aggregated before Solar’s Director  Investor Relations  puts them to the general meeting.,"Solar A/SSolar A/S will hold its annual general meeting on Friday 18 March 2022 at 11.00 am at the offices of Solar Danmark A/S  Industrivej Vest 43  6600 Vejen  Denmark. The general meeting will be transmitted by webcast at www.solar.eu to shareholders on record in the company’s register of shareholders. The agenda of the general meeting is:1. Election of chair of the meeting2. The Board of Directors’ report on the company’s activities during the past financial year.3. Presentation and approval of the annual report with audited annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the 2021 annual report be approved.4. Resolution for the allocation of profits in accordance with the approved annual reportThe Board of Directors proposes that DKK 329m be distributed as dividend for the 2021 financial year  corresponding to DKK 45.00 for each share of DKK 100.5. Proposals from the Board of Directors:5.1 Authorisation to distribute extraordinary dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that the company’s Board of Directors be authorised in the period until the next annual general meeting to decide to distribute extraordinary dividend of up to DKK 50.00 per share.5.2 Authorisation to acquire own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the company’s Board of Directors be authorised in the period until the next annual general meeting to allow the company to acquire own shares for consideration. It is proposed that the authorisation be granted to acquire up to 10% of the share capital  and so that the consideration must be the current market price plus/minus 10%.6. Approval of Remuneration ReportIndicative vote on the Remuneration Report regarding remuneration of the Board of Directors and the Executive Board in 2021  which has been prepared by the Board of Directors.7. Proposal for the Board of Directors’ remunerationThe Board of Directors proposes that the fee for members of the Board of Directors in 2022 be unchanged DKK 200 000.The chairman of the Board of Directors will receive triple remuneration  and the vice chairman of the Board of Directors and the chairman of the audit committee will receive one and a half times the remuneration to cover their extended duties.Story continues8. Election of members to the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes new election of Katrine Borum and re-election of the current board members: Michael Troensegaard Andersen  Morten Chrone  Peter Bang  Louise Knauer and Jesper Dalsgaard.Jens Borum has announced that he declines re-election.Reference is made to the attached appendix 1 from the nomination committee for details about the proposed candidates.9. Election of auditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the audit committee  The Board of Directors proposes re-election of Deloitte  Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  CVR 33 96 35 56  as the company's auditor. The audit committee has not been influenced by third parties and is not subject to any agreements with third parties that restrict the general meeting’s election of certain auditors or audit firms.10. Authorisation to the chair of the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the chair of the general meeting (with a right of substitution) to file and register the adopted resolutions with the Danish Business Authority and to make such amendments to the documents filed with the Danish Business Authority  as the Danish Business Authority may request or find appropriate in connection with the registration of the adopted resolutions.11. Any other businessThe notice  the total number of shares and the voting rights at the date of the notice  including the total number of each class of shares  the agenda  the complete proposals  the company's 2021 Annual Report with consolidated accounts  the Remuneration Report  the registration of attendance form as well as the proxy form and postal voting form will be available as from 23 February 2022 at www.solar.eu.As for the collection and processing of personal data  reference is made to Information on data protection law issues in connection with the annual general meeting and the company's cookie policy  which are available at www.solar.eu.Adoption requirementsThe Board of Directors’ proposals may be adopted by a simple majority of votes.The right to attend and vote at the general meetingA shareholder’s right to attend and vote at the general meeting is determined on the basis of the shares that the shareholder holds and has registered or reported for recording in the company’s register of shareholders not later than on 11 March 2022 (the date of registration). Attendance is also subject to the shareholder having timely obtained an admission card as described below.Registration of attendanceShareholders who want to attend the general meeting must register their attendance by Monday 14 March 2022 at 11:59 pm.Registration of attendance can be made as follows:Electronically via Solar’s InvestorPortal at www.solar.eu or at www.vp.dk/agm By completing  signing and returning a form  which can be printed from www.solar.eu  to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen by mail  or to vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com by e-mail By contacting Euronext Securities by phone at +45 4358 8866  by e-mail at vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com  or by personal or written application to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen.Confirmation of registration will be sent by e-mail to the e-mail address provided by the shareholder in connection with registration of attendance. If you do not provide an e-mail address when registering your attendance  your admission card will handed to you at the entrance if you present identification. Voting paper will be handed to you when you arrive at the general meeting and present your admission card.Proxy or postal voteShareholders may vote by proxy or by postal vote. Proxy or postal voting may be submitted electronically via Solar's InvestorPortal at www.solar.eu or at www.vp.dk/agm (both require digital signature) or in writing by using the physical proxy form or postal voting form that can be printed from the website www.solar.eu. If the proxy form or the postal voting form is used  the filled in and signed form should be forwarded by letter to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen. Alternatively  the filled in and signed form can be scanned and sent by email to vp_vpinvestor@euronext.com.The completed proxy form must reach Euronext Securities by Monday  14 March 2022  at 11:59 pm at the latest  while postal votes must reach Euronext Securities by Wednesday  16 March 2022 at 4:00 pm.It is possible to either issue a proxy or vote by postal voting  but not both.Share capital  voting right and account holding bankThe share capital is DKK 736 000 000 divided into shares of DKK 100.00 each and multiples hereof. The share capital is divided into DKK 90 000 000 A shares and DKK 646 000 000 B shares. Each A share of DKK 100.00 carries ten votes  and each B share of DKK 100.00 carries one vote.The shareholders exercise their financial rights through their own depository banks.Questions from the shareholdersShareholders may pose questions to the agenda or documents etc. to be used for the general meeting by written letter to Solar A/S  Industrivej Vest 43  6600 Vejen  or via e-mail to investor@solar.dk. Shareholders may also ask questions to the company’s management during the general meeting.Video webcastAs a service for registered shareholders that are unable to attend the general meeting in person  the entire general meeting will be interpreted simultaneously into English and webcast via the InvestorPortal at the company's website www.solar.eu. Also  the webcast will subsequently be available on the company’s website. Moreover  shareholders on record will have the opportunity  during the general meeting  to submit written questions to Solar’s Director  Investor Relations  who will present the questions at the general meeting. These questions may be shortened  edited and potentially aggregated before Solar’s Director  Investor Relations  puts them to the general meeting. In order to log on to the InvestorPortal  your shares will have to be registered in the register of shareholders  and you must have a digital signature. If you have a Danish civil registration number (""CPR"")  the digital signature used for Netbank via Danish banks (“NemID”) can normally be used. If you do not have access to NemID  you can register a personal VP-ID. Guidelines for registering a VP-ID is available at www.solar.eu.ContactChairman of the Board of Directors Jens Borum - tel. +45 79 30 00 00IR Director Dennis Callesen - tel. +45 29 92 18 11Appendix 1: Proposal from the Nomination CommitteeAppendix 2: Remuneration Report 2021Facts about SolarSolar is a leading European sourcing and services company mainly within electrical  heating & plumbing and climate & energy solutions. Our core business centres on product sourcing  value-adding services and optimisation of our customers’ businesses.We facilitate efficiency improvement and provide digital tools that turn our customers into winners. We drive the green transition and provide best in class solutions to ensure sustainable use of resources.Solar Group is headquartered in Denmark  generated revenue of approx. DKK 12.4bn in 2021 and has approx. 2 900 employees. Solar is listed on Nasdaq Copenhagen and operates under the short designation SOLAR B. For more information  please visit www.solar.eu.DisclaimerThis announcement was published in Danish and English today via Nasdaq Copenhagen. In the event of any inconsistency between the two versions  the Danish version shall prevail.Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['general meeting', 'No.', '2022 Notice', 'data protection law issues', 'next annual general meeting', 'current market price', 'Michael Troensegaard Andersen', 'Danish Business Authority', 'a half times', 'past financial year', 'postal voting form', 'Solar Danmark A/S', 'current board members', '2021 financial year', 'personal data', 'other business', 'annual report', 'annual accounts', 'voting rights', 'Solar A', 'proxy form', 'Industrivej Vest', 'Indicative vote', 'audit committee', 'extended duties', 'nomination committee', 'Katrine Borum', 'Morten Chrone', 'Peter Bang', 'Louise Knauer', 'Jesper Dalsgaard', 'Jens Borum', 'Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab', 'third parties', 'audit firms', 'total number', 'consolidated accounts', 'cookie policy', 'Adoption requirements', 'simple majority', 'admission card', 'Remuneration Report', 'triple remuneration', 'Friday 18 March', 'extraordinary dividend', 'complete proposals', 'Monday 14 March', 'solar.eu', 'attendance form', 'The Board', 'share capital', 'Executive Board', 'vice chairman', 'Directors’ report', 'new election', 'Directors’ remuneration', 'Directors’ proposals', '11 March', 'offices', '6600 Vejen', 'Denmark', 'webcast', 'shareholders', 'record', 'company', 'register', 'agenda', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'allocation', 'profits', 'accordance', 'DKK', 'Authorisation', 'period', 'shares', 'consideration', 'up', 'minus', 'fee', 'Story', 'Reference', 'appendix', 'details', 'candidates', 'auditor', 'recommendation', 'Deloitte', 'CVR', 'agreements', 'substitution', 'amendments', 'documents', 'connection', 'registration', 'notice', 'class', '23 February', 'collection', 'processing', 'Information', 'votes', 'basis', 'InvestorPortal', 'vp', 'agm', '11.00', '5.2', '11:59']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ensu-key-information-relating-reverse-145200811.html,ENSU - Key information relating to reverse share split and change of ISIN,Ensurge Micropower ASAReference is made to the reverse share split that was approved by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Ensurge Micropower ASA (the “Company”) today  24 February 2022.Please note the following key information for the reverse share split:Date on which the corporate action was made public: 3 February 2022Reverse split ratio: 9 old shares give 1 new shareLast day including right: 9 March 2022Ex-date: 10 March 2022Record date: 11 March 2022Date of approval: 24 February 2022In connection with the reverse share split  the Company's shares will be transferred to a new ISIN.Please note the following information for the change of ISIN:Issuer: Ensurge Micropower ASAPrevious ISIN: NO0010299068New ISIN: NO0012450008Date of ISIN change: 10 March 2022For further information  please contact:Ståle Bjørnstad - Investor RelationsE-mail: stale.bjornstad@ensurge.comPhone: +47 99 16 76 72Kevin Barber - Chief Executive OfficerE-mail: kevin.barber@ensurge.comThis information is published in accordance with the requirements of Continuing Obligations in the Euronext Oslo Børs Rule Book II.,Ensurge Micropower ASAReference is made to the reverse share split that was approved by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Ensurge Micropower ASA (the “Company”) today  24 February 2022.Please note the following key information for the reverse share split:Date on which the corporate action was made public: 3 February 2022Reverse split ratio: 9 old shares give 1 new shareLast day including right: 9 March 2022Ex-date: 10 March 2022Record date: 11 March 2022Date of approval: 24 February 2022In connection with the reverse share split  the Company's shares will be transferred to a new ISIN.Please note the following information for the change of ISIN:Issuer: Ensurge Micropower ASAPrevious ISIN: NO0010299068New ISIN: NO0012450008Date of ISIN change: 10 March 2022For further information  please contact:Ståle Bjørnstad - Investor RelationsE-mail: stale.bjornstad@ensurge.comPhone: +47 99 16 76 72Kevin Barber - Chief Executive OfficerE-mail: kevin.barber@ensurge.comThis information is published in accordance with the requirements of Continuing Obligations in the Euronext Oslo Børs Rule Book II.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['reverse share split', 'Key information', 'ENSU', 'change', 'ISIN', 'Euronext Oslo Børs Rule Book II', 'Ståle Bjørnstad', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Reverse split ratio', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'reverse share split', 'Ensurge Micropower ASA', 'following key information', '1 new share', 'following information', 'corporate action', 'Last day', 'Investor Relations', 'Continuing Obligations', 'new ISIN', 'Previous ISIN', '9 old shares', 'ISIN change', 'Record date', 'Kevin Barber', 'Reference', 'Company', '3 February', '9 March', 'Ex-date', '10 March', '11 March', 'approval', '24 February', 'connection', 'Issuer', 'mail', 'stale', 'bjornstad', 'Phone', 'accordance', 'requirements', '47']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/key-information-regarding-seadrill-limiteds-024200908.html,Key information regarding Seadrill Limited's emergence from Chapter 11,"HAMILTON  Bermuda   Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Seadrill Limited (the ""Company"") earlier today  where the Company announced its emergence from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Plan of Reorganization (the ""Plan"").Further details in respect of the New Common Shares will be set out in a listing prospectus which will be approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and published prior to such listing.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements of the Oslo Stock Exchange pursuant to Oslo Rule Book II – Issuer Rules.New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors.Story continuesCONTACT:seadrill@hawthornadvisors.com020 3745 4960This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/key-information-regarding-seadrill-limiteds-emergence-from-chapter-11-301488108.htmlSOURCE Seadrill Limited","HAMILTON  Bermuda   Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Seadrill Limited (the ""Company"") earlier today  where the Company announced its emergence from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Plan of Reorganization (the ""Plan""). Pursuant to the Plan  and as further set out in the stock exchange notice announced earlier  the new parent company for the Seadrill group  whose name will be changed on or about the date of emergence to Seadrill Limited  will have approximately 50 000 000 new common shares issued and outstanding (the ""New Common Shares"") on the Effective Date (as defined therein).- Date on which the terms and conditions of the issuance of the New Common Shares were announced: 22 February 2022- Last day including: 22 February 2022- Ex-date: 23 February 2022- Record date: 24 February 2022- Exchange ratio: 0.00124519 New Common Shares per existing common share of the Company- ISIN for the New Common Shares: BMG7997W1029Delivery of the New Common Shares will be made as soon as possible  and subject to appropriate arrangements being confirmed with Euronext Securities Oslo. Subject to certain approvals  it is expected that New Common Shares will initially be listed at the Euronext Expand market of the Oslo Stock Exchange in the second quarter of 2022  and ultimately listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange once all listing rules are satisfied. Further details in respect of the New Common Shares will be set out in a listing prospectus which will be approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and published prior to such listing.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements of the Oslo Stock Exchange pursuant to Oslo Rule Book II – Issuer Rules.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business  the markets in which it operates and its restructuring efforts. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's regulatory filings and periodical reporting. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward looking statement.Story continuesCONTACT:seadrill@hawthornadvisors.com020 3745 4960This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/key-information-regarding-seadrill-limiteds-emergence-from-chapter-11-301488108.htmlSOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,mixed,0.25,0.02,0.73,True,English,"['Key information', 'Seadrill Limited', 'emergence', 'Chapter', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Oslo Rule Book II', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'stock exchange announcement', 'stock exchange notice', '50,000,000 new common shares', 'existing common share', 'Euronext Expand market', 'SOURCE Seadrill Limited', 'new parent company', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Exchange ratio', 'New factors', 'Seadrill group', 'appropriate arrangements', 'second quarter', 'Further details', 'disclosure requirements', 'Issuer Rules', 'restructuring efforts', 'actual results', 'regulatory filings', 'periodical reporting', 'original content', 'Such statements', 'forward-looking statements', 'listing rules', 'listing prospectus', 'news release', 'future events', 'unanticipated events', 'current plans', 'Effective Date', 'Record date', 'business prospects', 'The Company', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Reference', 'emergence', 'Chapter', 'reorganization', 'name', 'terms', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'Last', '22 February', 'Ex-date', '23 February', '24 February', 'ISIN', 'Delivery', 'approvals', 'respect', 'information', 'historical', 'nature', 'strategies', 'changes', 'trends', 'markets', 'management', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'mind', 'time', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'impact', 'extent', 'combination', 'Story', 'CONTACT', 'hawthornadvisors', 'Cision', 'news-releases', 'key', 'regarding', 'seadrill-limiteds']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220223006014/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-Introduces-Life-Cycle-Assessment-Solution-on-the-3DEXPERIENCE-Platform-to-Transform-the-Sustainable-Innovation-Process,Dassault Systèmes Introduces Life Cycle Assessment Solution on the 3DEXPERIENCE Platform to Transform the Sustainable Innovation Process,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #3DEXPERIENCE--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) (Paris:DSY) today announced the launch of “Sustainable Innovation Intelligence ” its life cycle assessment solution that enables companies t…,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #3DEXPERIENCE--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) (Paris:DSY) today announced the launch of “Sustainable Innovation Intelligence ” its life cycle assessment solution that enables companies t…,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Life Cycle Assessment Solution', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Sustainable Innovation Process', '3DEXPERIENCE Platform', 'life cycle assessment solution', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Sustainable Innovation Intelligence', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'DSY', 'launch', 'companies']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,businesswire.com
158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220224005104/en/CCH-Axcess%E2%84%A2-Validate-expert-solution-from-Wolters-Kluwer-named-among-Accounting-Today%E2%80%99s-2022-Top-New-Products,CCH Axcess™ Validate expert solution from Wolters Kluwer named among Accounting Today’s 2022 Top New Products,NEW YORK --(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting announced today that its cloud-based CCH Axcess™ Validate expert solution was recognized by Accounting Today in the Audit tools category of the 2022 Top New Products special report.“We are delighted that CCH Axcess™ Validate was recognized among 2022 Top New Products by Accounting Today ” said Colleen Knuff  Vice President of Audit Product Management at Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting North America.Part of the award-winning CCH Axcess™ portfolio  the cloud-based CCH Axcess™ Validate solution enables CPA firm auditors to automatically gather confidential financial third-party audit evidence  in accordance with AICPA Audit Standards AU-C Section 330.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices.Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program.,NEW YORK --(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting announced today that its cloud-based CCH Axcess™ Validate expert solution was recognized by Accounting Today in the Audit tools category of the 2022 Top New Products special report. Its blockchain-enabled workflow provides firms with the simplicity  speed  and trust that auditors require in today’s environment  enabling the authorization part of the audit process to be reduced to a few clicks and completed in just 5 minutes or less.“We are delighted that CCH Axcess™ Validate was recognized among 2022 Top New Products by Accounting Today ” said Colleen Knuff  Vice President of Audit Product Management at Wolters Kluwer Tax and Accounting North America. “This patent-pending solution enables the auditor to obtain detailed transactional data directly from financial institutions  further enabling matching of transactions to the client records for verification. It also allows the auditor to share the audit results with third parties  like peer reviewers and inspectors or other auditors that are engaged with the audited business.”“The expert solution fast-tracks bank confirmations in three easy steps using blockchain technology  which not only accelerates the process but provides a certified trail of interactions to almost instantly deliver confidential third-party audit evidence gathered in accordance with professional accounting standards ” noted Accounting Today editors.Part of the award-winning CCH Axcess™ portfolio  the cloud-based CCH Axcess™ Validate solution enables CPA firm auditors to automatically gather confidential financial third-party audit evidence  in accordance with AICPA Audit Standards AU-C Section 330. The auditor makes a confirmation request for financial information and their client provides authorization directly through their bank’s online authorization system. The certified audit trail shows proof of all interactions and the identities of those involved.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with advanced technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['CCH Axcess™ Validate expert solution', '2022 Top New Products', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'Accounting', 'cloud-based CCH Axcess™ Validate expert solution', 'cloud-based CCH Axcess™ Validate solution', '2022 Top New Products special report', 'confidential financial third-party audit evidence', 'award-winning CCH Axcess™ portfolio', 'confidential third-party audit evidence', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Audit tools category', 'Audit Product Management', 'AICPA Audit Standards', 'detailed transactional data', 'three easy steps', 'deep domain knowledge', 'certified audit trail', 'Accounting North America', 'CPA firm auditors', 'online authorization system', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'professional accounting standards', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'Accounting Today editors', 'patent-pending solution', 'NEW YORK', 'expert solutions', 'audit results', 'financial institutions', 'certified trail', 'financial information', 'audit process', 'professional information', 'blockchain-enabled workflow', 'Colleen Knuff', 'Vice President', 'third parties', 'peer reviewers', 'other auditors', 'blockchain technology', 'confirmation request', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'advanced technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'authorization part', 'client records', 'bank confirmations', 'firms', 'simplicity', 'speed', 'trust', 'environment', 'clicks', '5 minutes', 'matching', 'transactions', 'verification', 'inspectors', 'interactions', 'accordance', 'proof', 'identities', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'governance', 'risk', 'compliance', 'legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,businesswire.com
159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sdrl-seadrill-announces-emergence-chapter-070500979.html,SDRL - Seadrill Announces Emergence from Chapter 11,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill 2021 Limited ("" Seadrill "" or the "" Company "") announced today (the "" Effective Date "") that it has emerged from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the "" Plan "").Holders of existing shares (the "" Existing Shares "") in the Company's predecessor  Seadrill Limited  were reduced to 0.25% of their existing holdings  while the Company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring.Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  commented: ""Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet.Approximately 50 million New Common Shares were issued as of the Effective Date and remain outstanding.Subject to certain approvals  we expect that trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will commence in the second quarter of 2022.","HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill 2021 Limited ("" Seadrill "" or the "" Company "") announced today (the "" Effective Date "") that it has emerged from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the "" Plan ""). The Plan was confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on October 26  2021.The restructuring significantly delevered the Company's balance sheet by equitizing approximately $4.9 billion of secured bank debt previously held across twelve silos  resulting in a streamlined capital structure with a single collateral silo. The Company also raised $350 million in new financing pursuant to the Plan. Holders of existing shares (the "" Existing Shares "") in the Company's predecessor  Seadrill Limited  were reduced to 0.25% of their existing holdings  while the Company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring. The Company's streamlined capital structure and the substantial liquidity raised pursuant to the Plan provide the Company with secure footing to pursue opportunities in the offshore drilling industry and grow value for its stakeholders.Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  commented: ""Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet. I am grateful to all our employees  customers  partners  suppliers  creditors and shareholders for their support through this long process.""Our restructured balance sheet provides us greater liquidity and lower debt leverage. With this firm financial footing established and market recovery well underway  Seadrill will focus on disciplined capital investment  cost containment  and contract risk management to maintain its position as a leader in the reshaping of the industry.""The figures presented below highlight key financial metrics as of the Effective Date:Story continuesTotal cash of 486m  inclusive of $151m of restricted cash$300 million of first-lien new-money debt  comprised of a $175 million term loan facility and an undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility$683 million of second-lien takeback debt$50 million of unsecured convertible bondsCommon shares issued of approximately 50 million as described further below.Issuance  Listing and Trading of New Common StockSubject to certain approvals  the Company intends to have the New Common Shares listed on the Euronext Expand market in Oslo ("" Euronext Expand "") with a subsequent uplisting to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange (the "" OSE "") and the New York Stock Exchange (the "" NYSE "").Approximately 50 million New Common Shares were issued as of the Effective Date and remain outstanding. The New Common Shares are allocated as set forth below  in accordance with provisions of the Plan:83.00% of the New Common Shares issued to holders of credit agreement claims against the Company and certain of its Chapter 11 debtor affiliates;16.75% of the New Common Shares issued to rights offering participants and backstop parties under the Plan; and0.25% of the New Common Shares issued to holders of Existing Shares in the Company's predecessor.Subject to certain approvals  we expect that trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will commence in the second quarter of 2022. Further details in respect of the New Common Shares will be set out in a listing prospectus which will be approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and published prior to listing at Euronext Expand.The New Common Shares will be issued under CUSIP G7997W102 / ISIN BMG7997W1029  provided that a portion of the New Common Shares will be issued under Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 with CUSIP G7997W110 / ISIN BMG7997W1102. The New Common Shares issued under Regulation S will be subject to certain restrictions on resale into the United States  during a distribution compliance period as set forth in Regulation S. Because the Company will continue to use the ticker symbol ""SDRL"" for trading Existing Shares  brokers  dealers and agents effecting trades in the Existing Shares on the OSE or OTC Pink markets  and persons who expect to receive New Common Shares or effect trades in New Common Shares  should take note of the anticipated cancellation of the Existing Shares and issuance of New Common Shares  and the different CUSIP numbers and ISINs signifying the Existing Shares and the New Common Shares  in trading or taking any other actions in respect of shares of the Company that trade under the ticker symbol ""SDRL"".Any questions regarding these distributions should be directed to the Company's claims and noticing agent  Prime Clerk  on the numbers provided below.Fresh Start Reporting and Accounting PoliciesOn the Effective Date  the Company adopted fresh-start reporting. Under fresh-start reporting  the Company's assets and liabilities are re-measured using fair value accounting principles. Estimates of fair value adopted under fresh-start reporting represent the Company's best current estimates based upon appraisals and valuations. These accounting changes will be reported in the Company's earnings report for the quarter ended March 31  2022. The Company's earnings report for the period to December 31  2021  which has been published concurrently with this release  covers a period prior to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy and therefore does not reflect fresh-start reporting.New Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the Plan  a newly constituted Board of Directors of the Company was appointed today  consisting of Julie Johnson Robertson (Chair of the Board)  Mark McCollum (Chair of Audit Committee)  Karen Dyrskjot Boesen  Jean Cahuzac  Jan B Kjærvik  Andrew Schultz  and Paul Smith.Julie Robertson  Chair of the Board  commented: ""I am pleased to have been selected to chair the new Board of Directors who collectively bring commercial  operational and financial expertise to guide Seadrill as it takes its place in reshaping the offshore drilling sector. The road to emergence from Chapter 11 has been a long one and I would like to take this opportunity to thank the outgoing board members for their diligent guidance through this process and to thank the management team and the employees for maintaining safety leadership and operational excellence through challenging times.""The Company was principally advised by Kirkland & Ellis LLP  Slaughter and May  Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS  Jackson Walker LLP  Conyers Dill & Pearman Pte Ltd  Houlihan Lokey Capital  Inc.  and Alvarez & Marsal North America  LLP.About SeadrillSeadrill is a leading offshore drilling contractor utilizing advanced technology to unlock oil and gas resources for clients across harsh and benign locations across the globe. Seadrill's high quality  technologically advanced fleet spans all asset classes allowing its experienced crews to conduct its operations from shallow to ultra-deep-water environments. The Company owns and/or operates 35 rigs  which includes drillships  jack-ups and semi-submersibles.For more information  visit https://www.seadrill.com/.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward-looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business  the markets in which it operates and its restructuring efforts. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No. 333-224459). The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward-looking statement.This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.CONTACT:seadrill@hawthornadvisors.com020 3745 4960Prime ClerkUS Toll Free: 844-858-8891International Toll Free: 312-667-1347Email: seadrillinfo@primeclerk.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sdrl--seadrill-announces-emergence-from-chapter-11-301488254.htmlSOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.2,0.22,True,English,"['SDRL', 'Seadrill', 'Emergence', 'Chapter', 'undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility', '$175 million term loan facility', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'U.S. Bankruptcy Court', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', '50 million New Common Shares', 'The New Common Shares', 'fair value accounting principles', 'New Common Stock', 'key financial metrics', 'credit agreement claims', 'single collateral silo', 'contract risk management', 'unsecured convertible bonds', 'distribution compliance period', 'OTC Pink markets', 'firm financial footing', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'lower debt leverage', 'first-lien new-money debt', 'second-lien takeback debt', 'ordinary trade claims', 'disciplined capital investment', 'Fresh Start Reporting', 'offshore drilling industry', 'best current estimates', 'Chapter 11 debtor affiliates', 'different CUSIP numbers', 'Euronext Expand market', 'new financing', 'Accounting Policies', 'Regulation S', 'bank debt', 'existing shares', 'secure footing', 'capital structure', 'market recovery', 'main market', 'CUSIP G7997W102', 'CUSIP G7997W110', 'The Company', 'fresh-start reporting', 'Effective Date', 'Southern District', 'balance sheet', 'twelve silos', 'existing holdings', 'substantial liquidity', 'Stuart Jackson', 'long process', 'greater liquidity', 'cost containment', 'Total cash', 'restricted cash', 'subsequent uplisting', 'backstop parties', 'second quarter', 'Further details', 'United States', 'ticker symbol', 'other actions', 'noticing agent', 'Prime Clerk', 'ISIN BMG7997W110', 'listing prospectus', 'Chapter 11 plan', 'Seadrill Limited', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'reorganization', 'Texas', 'October', 'restructuring', 'streamlined', 'Holders', 'predecessor', 'employee', 'customer', 'opportunities', 'CEO', 'emergence', 'realignment', 'partners', 'suppliers', 'creditors', 'support', 'position', 'leader', 'reshaping', 'figures', 'Story', 'Issuance', 'Trading', 'approvals', 'OSE', 'NYSE', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'rights', 'participants', 'respect', 'portion', 'restrictions', 'resale', 'SDRL', 'brokers', 'dealers', 'agents', 'trades', 'persons', 'note', 'cancellation', 'ISINs', 'questions', 'distributions', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'appraisals']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/more-then-restructuring-seadrill-clears-122810364.html,After More Then A Year Of Restructuring Seadrill Clears Chapter 11,After More Then A Year Of Restructuring Seadrill Clears Chapter 11This article was first published on Rigzone hereOffshore driller Seadrill Limited has emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy following more than a year of restructuring.Seadrill filed for Chapter 11 in February 2021  its second bankruptcy filing in four years.The most recent development occurred earlier this week when Seadrill 2021 Limited announced it would be emerging from Chapter 11 this month – ‘likely before the end of the present week’.“Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet.Search THOUSANDS of Oil & Gas jobs on Rigzone.comSearch Now >>Following the exit from Chapter 11  the company has total cash of $486 million  inclusive of $151 million of restricted cash.,"After More Then A Year Of Restructuring Seadrill Clears Chapter 11This article was first published on Rigzone hereOffshore driller Seadrill Limited has emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy following more than a year of restructuring.Seadrill filed for Chapter 11 in February 2021  its second bankruptcy filing in four years. Seadrill later made a plan of reorganization with its lenders in July 2021  received court approval for the plan two months later  and received confirmation of the plan by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas in late October 2021.The most recent development occurred earlier this week when Seadrill 2021 Limited announced it would be emerging from Chapter 11 this month – ‘likely before the end of the present week’. The company delivered on its promise as it emerged from bankruptcy protection just a day after that statement as it completed reorganization under its plan.According to Seadrill  the restructuring significantly delevered the company's balance sheet by equitizing approximately $4.9 billion of secured bank debt previously held across twelve silos  resulting in a streamlined capital structure with a single collateral silo.The offshore driller also raised $350 million in new financing under the plan. Holders of existing shares in the company's predecessor Seadrill Limited were reduced to 0.25 percent of their existing holdings  while the company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring.Seadrill’s streamlined capital structure and the substantial liquidity raised according to the plan provide the company with a secure footing to pursue opportunities in the offshore drilling industry and grow value for its stakeholders.“Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet. I am grateful to all our employees  customers  partners  suppliers  creditors  and shareholders for their support through this long process ” Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  said.""Our restructured balance sheet provides us greater liquidity and lower debt leverage. With this firm financial footing established and market recovery well underway  Seadrill will focus on disciplined capital investment  cost containment  and contract risk management to maintain its position as a leader in the reshaping of the industry "" Jackson added.Story continuesTake control of your future.Search THOUSANDS of Oil & Gas jobs on Rigzone.comSearch Now >>Following the exit from Chapter 11  the company has total cash of $486 million  inclusive of $151 million of restricted cash. The driller also has $300 million of first-lien new-money debt  comprised of a $175 million term loan facility and an undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility. Furthermore  the Bermuda-based firm has $683 million of second-lien takeback debt  $50 million of unsecured convertible bonds  and common shares issued of $50 million as described further below.Subject to certain approvals  the company also wants to have the New Common Shares listed on the Euronext Expand market in Oslo with a subsequent uplisting to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and the NYSE. Trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will begin in the second quarter of 2022.Seadrill also chose a new board of directors of the company and the appointments are now effective. The board consists of Julie Johnson Robertson as the chair of the Board  Mark McCollum  Karen Dyrskjot Boesen  Jean Cahuzac  Jan B Kjærvik  Andrew Schultz  and Paul Smith.“I am pleased to have been selected to chair the new board of directors who collectively bring commercial  operational  and financial expertise to guide Seadrill as it takes its place in reshaping the offshore drilling sector ” Julie Robertson  Chair of the Board  said.“The road to emergence from Chapter 11 has been a long one and I would like to take this opportunity to thank the outgoing board members for their diligent guidance through this process and to thank the management team and the employees for maintaining safety leadership and operational excellence through challenging times ” she added.To contact the author  email bojan.lepic@rigzone.comMore From Rigzone.com  The Leading Energy Platform:>> Find the latest oil and gas jobs on Rigzone.com <<",neutral,0.03,0.85,0.12,mixed,0.34,0.14,0.52,True,English,"['Year', 'Restructuring', 'Seadrill', 'Chapter', 'undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility', '$175 million term loan facility', 'Jan B Kjærvik', 'The Leading Energy Platform', 'U.S. Bankruptcy Court', 'Offshore driller Seadrill Limited', 'single collateral silo', 'ordinary trade claims', 'unsecured convertible bonds', 'Karen Dyrskjot Boesen', 'offshore drilling sector', 'lower debt leverage', 'first-lien new-money debt', 'second-lien takeback debt', 'contract risk management', 'disciplined capital investment', 'second bankruptcy filing', 'offshore drilling industry', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Julie Johnson Robertson', 'outgoing board members', 'New Common Shares', 'predecessor Seadrill Limited', 'firm financial footing', 'Euronext Expand market', 'court approval', 'Julie Robertson', 'bankruptcy protection', 'bank debt', 'Seadrill 2021 Limited', 'existing shares', 'secure footing', 'Bermuda-based firm', 'second quarter', 'financial expertise', 'management team', 'new financing', 'capital structure', 'market recovery', 'main market', 'new board', 'four years', 'Southern District', 'late October', 'recent development', 'present week', 'balance sheet', 'twelve silos', 'existing holdings', 'substantial liquidity', 'greater liquidity', 'cost containment', 'total cash', 'restricted cash', 'subsequent uplisting', 'Mark McCollum', 'Jean Cahuzac', 'Andrew Schultz', 'Paul Smith', 'diligent guidance', 'safety leadership', 'operational excellence', 'challenging times', 'Chapter 11 bankruptcy', 'a year', 'Stuart Jackson', 'latest oil', 'long process', 'gas jobs', 'Restructuring', 'article', 'Rigzone', 'February', 'plan', 'reorganization', 'lenders', 'July', 'confirmation', 'Texas', 'company', 'promise', 'statement', 'streamlined', 'Holders', '0.25 percent', 'employee', 'customer', 'opportunities', 'value', 'emergence', 'realignment', 'partners', 'suppliers', 'creditors', 'support', 'CEO', 'position', 'reshaping', 'Story', 'control', 'future', 'Search', 'THOUSANDS', 'exit', 'approvals', 'NYSE', 'Trading', 'directors', 'appointments', 'chair', 'place', 'road', 'opportunity', 'author', 'bojan', 'lepic']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-employees-benefit-companys-2021-073100123.html,Stellantis Employees Benefit from Company's 2021 First Full Year Financial Results,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Employees Benefit from Company's 2021 First Full Year Financial ResultsIn all countries w here Stellantis is present  employees 1 benefit from the Company’s results in first year€ 1.9 billion redistributed  € 770 million more than the cumulat ive amount redistributed last year by each of the previous legacy companies  representing 70 % increaseCompany compensation and benefit policy aims to enhance employee commitment through a “pay for performance” approach in a challenging context (pandemic  semi-conductor shortage  etc.)AMSTERDAM  February 23  2022 – The creation of Stellantis has brought benefits to the new Company and its employees all over the world.Stellantis’ 2021 full year results allow a redistribution to employees as a recognition of their contribution to the Company’s achievements.Our goal is that all employees benefit from the company’s profitable growth.Story continues@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Valerie GILLOT + 33 6 83 92 92 96 - valerie.gillot@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL + 33 6 87 77 41 82 - nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.com1 STELLANTIS NV Automotive division (without JVs  temporary workers)Attachment,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Employees Benefit from Company's 2021 First Full Year Financial ResultsIn all countries w here Stellantis is present  employees 1 benefit from the Company’s results in first year€ 1.9 billion redistributed  € 770 million more than the cumulat ive amount redistributed last year by each of the previous legacy companies  representing 70 % increaseCompany compensation and benefit policy aims to enhance employee commitment through a “pay for performance” approach in a challenging context (pandemic  semi-conductor shortage  etc.)AMSTERDAM  February 23  2022 – The creation of Stellantis has brought benefits to the new Company and its employees all over the world. Stellantis’ 2021 full year results allow a redistribution to employees as a recognition of their contribution to the Company’s achievements.“Employees are the heart of Stellantis. It is thanks to their continued focus on execution and excellence that we were able to achieve record results in our first year as Stellantis ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “Every Stellantis employee took on an extraordinary task in 2021 of combining two automakers while facing serious external challenges. Our goal is that all employees benefit from the company’s profitable growth. We are pleased to reward and thank our team members for their tireless commitment.”About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.Story continues@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Valerie GILLOT + 33 6 83 92 92 96 - valerie.gillot@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL + 33 6 87 77 41 82 - nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.com1 STELLANTIS NV Automotive division (without JVs  temporary workers)Attachment,positive,0.62,0.37,0.01,mixed,0.7,0.13,0.17,True,English,"['2021 First Full Year Financial Results', 'Stellantis Employees Benefit', 'Company', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', '2021 First Full Year Financial Results', '1 STELLANTIS NV Automotive division', '2021 full year results', 'previous legacy companies', 'serious external challenges', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'first year', 'mobility provider', 'Stellantis Employees Benefit', 'record results', 'Citroën', 'cumulat ive', 'benefit policy', 'employee commitment', 'performance” approach', 'challenging context', 'semi-conductor shortage', 'continued focus', 'Carlos Tavares', 'extraordinary task', 'two automakers', 'profitable growth', 'team members', 'tireless commitment', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'temporary workers', 'Company compensation', 'new Company', 'Stellantis CEO', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Valerie GILLOT', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'countries', '70 % increase', 'pay', 'AMSTERDAM', 'creation', 'benefits', 'world', 'redistribution', 'recognition', 'contribution', 'achievements', 'heart', 'execution', 'excellence', 'goal', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'Story', 'JVs', 'Attachment']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-launches-share-070000484.html,Van Lanschot Kempen launches share buy-back programme to fund remuneration policy and share plans,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  24 February 2022On 24 February 2021  Van Lanschot Kempen will start the repurchase of up to 600 000 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares).Van Lanschot Kempen has tasked ING with the implementation of its share buy-back programme.ING will make its trading decisions independently of Van Lanschot Kempen.Updates on the share buy-back programme will be announced in press releases and on the Van Lanschot Kempen website on a weekly basis on Share buy-back programmes.Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  24 February 2022On 24 February 2021  Van Lanschot Kempen will start the repurchase of up to 600 000 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). At the closing price of 23 February 2022  the programme will cost €13.0 million. It will serve to cover the depositary receipts to be allocated to employees under the existing remuneration policy and share plans.The share buy-back programme will end on the day before the publication of Van Lanschot Kempen’s 2022 annual figures  or sooner if the maximum number of repurchased shares is reached before then. Van Lanschot Kempen has tasked ING with the implementation of its share buy-back programme. ING will make its trading decisions independently of Van Lanschot Kempen.Updates on the share buy-back programme will be announced in press releases and on the Van Lanschot Kempen website on a weekly basis on Share buy-back programmes.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.Story continuesFor more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis is an announcement pursuant to Article 5  paragraph 1  of Regulation (EU) Nr. 596/2014.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.23,0.48,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'share plans', 'remuneration policy', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen website', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'existing remuneration policy', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'Share buy-back programmes', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'share plans', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'closing price', '2022 annual figures', 'maximum number', 'trading decisions', 'press releases', 'weekly basis', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'other way', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '24 February', 'repurchase', '23 February', 'employees', 'day', 'publication', 'implementation', 'Updates', 'mediarelations', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'part', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'information', 'announcement', 'Article', 'paragraph', 'Regulation', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'action', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hipay-marks-growth-revenues-18-050000033.html,HiPay marks a new year of growth with revenues up 18% in 2021,HiPay GroupFebruary 24  2022: HiPay  the fintech company specializing in omnichannel payment solutions  announces its 2021 revenues.Continued growth of tier-2 customer portfolio: 381 key accounts joined HiPay in 2021.If you would like more complete information about HiPay Group  please refer to our website hipay.com  Investors section.HiPay Group operates in a highly evolving sector in which new risk factors may emerge.HiPay Group does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect new information  events or other circumstances.,HiPay GroupFebruary 24  2022: HiPay  the fintech company specializing in omnichannel payment solutions  announces its 2021 revenues.Annual revenues were 18% higher than in 2020  a year in which conditions were particularly favorable.28% increase in earnings generated in European markets (outside France).Continued growth of tier-2 customer portfolio: 381 key accounts joined HiPay in 2021.Solid end to Q4 2021 thanks to wins with significant brands.in millions of euros 2021 2020 Change % Year Payment volume 6 612 5 565 +19% Revenues1 53.9 45.7 +18% 4th Quarter Payment volume 1 934 1 752 +10% Revenues1 14.8 13.5 +10%1 Non audited figures***About HiPayHiPay is a global payment provider. By harnessing the power of payment data  we participate in our merchants’ growth by bringing them a 360° vision of their activities.More information on hipay.com and find us on LinkedIn and Twitter.HiPay Group is listed on the Euronext Paris Compartment C (ISIN code: FR0012821916 - Mnemo: HIPAY)Relations Presse Relations Investisseurs Annie Hurley (CMO)+33 (0)6 81 16 07 52ahurley@hipay.com Jérôme Daguet (CFO)+33 (0)7 86 53 93 93jdaguet@hipay.comThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy HIPAY securities. If you would like more complete information about HiPay Group  please refer to our website hipay.com  Investors section. This press release may contain certain forward-looking statements. Although HiPay Group believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions as of the date of this press release  they are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by these statements. HiPay Group operates in a highly evolving sector in which new risk factors may emerge. HiPay Group does not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect new information  events or other circumstances.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.35,0.64,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.05,0.47,True,English,"['new year', 'HiPay', 'growth', 'revenues', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Jérôme Daguet', '4th Quarter Payment volume', 'Change % Year Payment volume', 'omnichannel payment solutions', 'global payment provider', 'tier-2 customer portfolio', 'Relations Presse Relations', 'Investisseurs Annie Hurley', 'new risk factors', 'payment data', 'new information', 'fintech company', 'European markets', 'Continued growth', '381 key accounts', 'Solid end', 'significant brands', 'merchants’ growth', 'More information', 'ISIN code', 'press release', 'complete information', 'Investors section', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'evolving sector', 'other circumstances', 'HiPay Group', 'Annual revenues', 'HIPAY securities', 'website hipay', 'forward-looking statements', '2021 revenues', 'February', 'conditions', '28% increase', 'earnings', 'France', 'Q4', 'wins', 'millions', 'euros', 'Revenues1', 'figures', 'power', '360° vision', 'activities', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Mnemo', 'CMO', 'ahurley', 'CFO', 'jdaguet', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'date', 'nature', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'events', 'Story', 'Attachment', '7']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://undark.org/2022/02/23/are-microbes-the-future-of-recycling-its-complicated/,Are Microbes the Future of Recycling? It’s Complicated.,“Thermomechanical recycling is not recycling ” said Alain Marty  chief science officer at Carbios  a French company that is developing alternatives to conventional recycling.But some chemical recycling companies have struggled in efforts to turn PET recycling into a viable business model — with some even facing legal scrutiny.Carbios’ recycling technology has grabbed the attention of some of the world’s largest consumer goods companies.“It’s super cheap to make virgin plastic  especially with the low price of oil ” said Bailey.Mats Linder  the head of the consulting arm of Stena Recycling in Sweden  said he’d like to see chemical recycling technologies focus on these and other parts of the recycling industry where conventional recycling is coming up short.,Since the first factories began manufacturing polyester from petroleum in the 1950s  humans have produced an estimated 9.1 billion tons of plastic. Of the waste generated from that plastic  less than a tenth of that has been recycled  researchers estimate. About 12 percent has been incinerated  releasing dioxins and other carcinogens into the air. Most of the rest  a mass equivalent to about 35 million blue whales  has accumulated in landfills and in the natural environment. Plastic inhabits the oceans  building up in the guts of seagulls and great white sharks. It rains down  in tiny flecks  on cities and national parks. According to some research  from production to disposal  it is responsible for more greenhouse gas emissions than the aviation industry.This pollution problem is made worse  experts say  by the fact that even the small share of plastic that does get recycled is destined to end up  sooner or later  in the trash heap. Conventional  thermomechanical recycling — in which old containers are ground into flakes  washed  melted down  and then reformed into new products — inevitably yields products that are more brittle  and less durable  than the starting material. At best  material from a plastic bottle might be recycled this way about three times before it becomes unusable. More likely  it will be “downcycled” into lower value materials like clothing and carpeting—materials that will eventually be disposed of in landfills.“Thermomechanical recycling is not recycling ” said Alain Marty  chief science officer at Carbios  a French company that is developing alternatives to conventional recycling.“At the end ” he added  “you have exactly the same quantity of plastic waste.”Carbios is among a contingent of startups that are attempting to commercialize a type of chemical recycling known as depolymerization  which breaks down polymers — the chain-like molecules that make up a plastic — into their fundamental molecular building blocks  called monomers. Those monomers can then be reassembled into polymers that are  in terms of their physical properties  as good as new. In theory  proponents say  a single plastic bottle could be recycled this way until the end of time.But some experts caution that depolymerization and other forms of chemical recycling may face many of the same issues that already plague the recycling industry  including competition from cheap virgin plastics made from petroleum feedstocks. They say that to curb the tide of plastic flooding landfills and the oceans  what’s most needed is not new recycling technologies but stronger regulations on plastic producers — and stronger incentives to make use of the recycling technologies that already exist.Buoyed by potentially lucrative corporate partnerships and tightening European restrictions on plastic producers  however  Carbios is pressing forward with its vision of a circular plastic economy — one that does not require the extraction of petroleum to make new plastics. Underlying the company’s approach is a technology that remains unconventional in the realm of recycling: genetically modified enzymes.Enzymes catalyze chemical reactions inside organisms. In the human body  for example  enzymes can convert starches into sugars and proteins into amino acids. For the past several years  Carbios has been refining a method that uses an enzyme found in a microorganism to convert polyethylene terephthalate (PET)  a common ingredient in textiles and plastic bottles  into its constituent monomers  terephthalic acid  and mono ethylene glycol.Although scientists have known about the existence of plastic-eating enzymes for years — and Marty says Carbios has been working on enzymatic recycling technology since its founding in 2011 — a discovery made six years ago outside a bottle-recycling factory in Sakai  Japan helped to energize the field. There  a group led by researchers at the Kyoto Institute of Technology and Keio University found a single bacterial species  Ideonella sakaiensis  that could both break down PET and use it for food. The microbe harbored a pair of enzymes that  together  could cleave the molecular bonds that hold together PET. In the wake of the discovery  other research groups identified other enzymes capable of performing the same feat.Enzymatic recycling’s promise isn’t limited to PET; the approach can potentially be applied to other plastics  including polyurethane  used in in foam  insulation  and paint. But PET offers perhaps the most expansive commercial opportunity: It is one of the largest categories of plastics produced  widely used in food packaging and fabrics. PET-based beverage bottles are among the easiest plastics to collect and recycle into a marketable product.Alain Marty  scientific director of Carbios  attends the inauguration of the company’s demonstration facility in Clermont-Ferrand  France  in September 2021. Visual: Thierry Zoccolan/AFP via Getty ImagesTraditional depolymerization technologies rely on inorganic catalysts rather than enzymes. But some chemical recycling companies have struggled in efforts to turn PET recycling into a viable business model — with some even facing legal scrutiny.Despite this  Marty says that Carbios’ enzyme-based approach offers advantages over traditional depolymerization methods: The enzymes are more chemically selective than synthetic catalysts — they can more precisely target specific sites on specific molecules — and could therefore yield purer product. Plus they work at relatively low reactor temperatures and do not require expensive  hazardous solvents.Traditionally  however  the problem with enzymes has been that they work slowly and can destabilize under heat. In early experiments  it sometimes took weeks to process just a fraction of a batch of PET. In 2020  Marty and colleagues at Carbios  along with researchers in France  announced that they had engineered an enzyme — a so-called cutinase  naturally found in microbes that decompose leaves — that could withstand warmer temperatures and convert nearly an entire batch of PET into monomers in a matter of hours. The discovery dramatically boosted enzymatic recycling’s commercial prospects; In the 10 months that followed  Carbios’ stock price on the Euronext Paris exchange grew about eightfold.Last September  Carbios began testing its technology at a demonstration facility near its headquarters in Clermont-Ferrand  France  about a two-hour drive west of Lyon. Used PET arrives here as thin  pre-processed flakes about one-fifth of an inch across. In a 16-foot-tall reactor  the flakes are mixed with the patented cutinase enzymes —produced by Denmark-based biotechnology company Novozymes — and warmed to a little above 140 degrees Fahrenheit. Within 10 hours  Marty says  95 percent of the plastic fed to the reactor  the equivalent of 100 000 plastic bottles  can be converted into monomers  which are then filtered  purified  and prepared for use in plastic manufacturing. (The remaining 5 percent  made up of unreacted plastic and impurities  is incinerated.) As Marty describes it  the end product is physically indistinguishable from the petrochemical-based substances used to manufacture virgin PET.Carbios’ recycling technology has grabbed the attention of some of the world’s largest consumer goods companies. L’Oréal  Nestlé  and PepsiCo have collaborated with the startup to produce proof-of-concept bottles  and all seem intent on eventually putting enzyme-recycled plastic on shelves.But Kate Bailey  the policy and research director at Eco-Cycle  a nonprofit recycler based in Colorado  says that over her 20 years in the recycling industry  she has grown skeptical of biotechnology fixes like the one being touted by Carbios. While she acknowledges that new solutions are needed  given the urgency of the plastic problem  she says “we don’t have more years to figure this out and wait for new technology.” Bailey points to lingering questions about how enzymatic recycling will be scaled up to handle commercial volumes  including questions about its energy footprint and its handling of toxic chemical additives found in many consumer plastics.Marty concedes that Carbios’ process is  indeed  more energy-intensive than conventional recycling — he declined to specify by how much — but added that it’s not fair to compare enzymatic recycling with thermomechanical processes  which don’t produce as high quality of a recycled product and eventually result in the same quantity of waste. Still  he said  it requires less energy  and releases less greenhouse gas  than producing virgin PET from petroleum — claims that are supported by an independent analysis published last year by the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory. As for additives  he says they are filtered out during post-reaction processing and incinerated.In the Carbios laboratory  several plastic samples sit on the lab bench. Visual: Thierry Zoccolan/AFP via Getty Images A small-scale reactor mixes plastic and enzymes in the Carbios laboratory. Visual: Thierry Zoccolan/AFP via Getty ImagesIn the Carbios demonstration plant  PET flakes and the patented cutinase enzymes mix in the large reactor tank on the right. Within 10 hours  95 percent of the plastic is converted into monomers  Marty says. Visual: CarbiosBut the most stubborn hurdle for Carbios and other enzymatic recycling hopefuls may be an economic one. “It’s super cheap to make virgin plastic  especially with the low price of oil ” said Bailey.“You have to be able to sell your recycled PET against to some company that also has the option of buying virgin PET ” she added  “and when virgin is just cheaper  then that’s what companies buy.”In its analysis  the National Renewable Energy Laboratory estimated that PET monomers produced through enzymatic recycling would carry a price of at least $1.93 per kilogram; virgin  petroleum-based monomers have ranged between $0.90 and $1.50 per kilogram since 2010. And now that many fossil fuel companies are pivoting their business models toward plastic production  the market competition for plastic recyclers could grow even stiffer.Marty  however  is optimistic about his company’s prospects. He points out that the price of oil is rising and that tightening regulations on the use of fossil fuels in Europe is making recycled plastic more competitive there. Several consumer goods giants have publicly committed to sourcing more of their products from recycled materials: Coca-Cola pledged to use recycled material for half of its packaging by 2030  and Unilever aims to cut its reliance on virgin plastic in half by 2025.“At the beginning  sure  it will be a little more costly ” Marty said. “But we will reduce  with experience  the cost of this recycled PET.”Wolfgang Streit  a microbiologist at the University of Hamburg  says that even if companies achieve commercial success with PET  some polymers may never be amenable to the enzymatic recycling. Polymers like polyvinylchloride  used in PVC pipes  and polystyrene  used in Styrofoam  are held together by powerful carbon-carbon bonds  which might be too sturdy for enzymes to overcome  he explains.That’s one reason Bailey believes new policies need to be considered alongside new technologies in addressing the global plastic waste problem. She advocates for measures that limit the production of hard-to-recycle plastics and improve collection rates for materials like PET  which can be recycled  albeit imperfectly  with existing technologies. Bailey notes that currently only about three in 10 PET bottles gets collected for recycling. She describes that as low-hanging fruit “that we could solve today with proven technology and policies.”Now that many fossil fuel companies are pivoting their business models toward plastic production  the market competition for plastic recyclers could grow even stiffer.Most PET produced globally is used not for bottles but for textile fibers  which  because they often contain blended materials  are rarely recycled at all. Mats Linder  the head of the consulting arm of Stena Recycling in Sweden  said he’d like to see chemical recycling technologies focus on these and other parts of the recycling industry where conventional recycling is coming up short.As it happens  Carbios is working to do just that  Marty says. The French company Michelin has validated the company’s technology  which could allow it to recycle used textiles and bottles into tire fibers. It aims to launch a textile recycling operation in 2023  and Marty says the company is on track to launch a 44 000-ton-capacity industrial scale facility in 2025.Gregg Beckham  a senior research fellow at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory  believes the global plastic problem will call for a diverse mix of technological and policy solutions  but he says enzymatic recycling and other chemical recycling technologies are advancing rapidly  and he’s optimistic that they will have a role to play. “I think chemical recycling is useful in the contexts where other solutions don’t work ” he said. “And there are many places where other solutions don’t work.”Ula Chrobak is a freelance science writer based in Nevada. You can find more of her work at her website.,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,mixed,0.28,0.04,0.68,True,English,"['Microbes', 'Future', 'Recycling', 'fundamental molecular building blocks', '35 million blue whales', 'great white sharks', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'chief science officer', 'lucrative corporate partnerships', 'mono ethylene glycol', 'single bacterial species', 'expansive commercial opportunity', 'PET-based beverage bottles', 'lower value materials', 'cheap virgin plastics', 'past several years', 'circular plastic economy', 'chemical recycling companies', 'single plastic bottle', 'Traditional depolymerization technologies', 'other research groups', 'Conventional, thermomechanical recycling', 'new recycling technologies', 'plastic flooding landfills', 'enzymatic recycling technology', 'molecular bonds', 'conventional recycling', 'plastic bottles', 'new plastics', 'chemical reactions', 'other carcinogens', 'other forms', 'other plastics', 'recycling industry', 'first factories', '9.1 billion tons', 'a tenth', 'natural environment', 'tiny flecks', 'national parks', 'aviation industry', 'pollution problem', 'small share', 'trash heap', 'old containers', 'same quantity', 'physical properties', 'same issues', 'stronger regulations', 'stronger incentives', 'European restrictions', 'human body', 'amino acids', 'polyethylene terephthalate', 'common ingredient', 'terephthalic acid', 'bottle-recycling factory', 'Kyoto Institute', 'Keio University', 'Ideonella sakaiensis', 'same feat', 'largest categories', 'easiest plastics', 'marketable product', 'scientific director', 'demonstration facility', 'Thierry Zoccolan/AFP', 'Getty Images', 'inorganic catalysts', 'plastic producers', 'new products', 'Alain Marty', 'starting material', 'constituent monomers', 'food packaging', 'other enzymes', 'plastic waste', 'French company', 'petroleum feedstocks', 'plastic-eating enzymes', 'polyester', '1950s', 'humans', 'less', 'researchers', '12 percent', 'dioxins', 'air', 'mass', 'oceans', 'guts', 'seagulls', 'cities', 'production', 'disposal', 'experts', 'flakes', 'clothing', 'carpeting', 'Carbios', 'alternatives', 'end', 'contingent', 'startups', 'type', 'polymers', 'molecules', 'terms', 'theory', 'proponents', 'time', 'competition', 'tide', 'vision', 'extraction', 'approach', 'realm', 'organisms', 'example', 'starches', 'sugars', 'proteins', 'method', 'microorganism', 'textiles', 'scientists', 'existence', 'founding', 'discovery', 'Japan', 'field', 'microbe', 'wake', 'promise', 'polyurethane', 'foam', 'insulation', 'paint', 'fabrics', 'inauguration', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'France', 'September', 'Visual', 'efforts']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,undark.org
165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/municipality-finance-plc-redeem-eur-070000229.html,Municipality Finance Plc to redeem its EUR 350 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Securities,Kuntarahoitus OyjMunicipality Finance PlcStock exchange release24 February 2022 at 9:00 am (EET)Municipality Finance Plc to redeem its EUR 350 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 SecuritiesMunicipality Finance Plc (“MuniFin”) will redeem its EUR 350 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Securities (ISIN: XS1299724911) originally issued on 1 October 2015 (the “Securities”).This release contains information that constituted or may have constituted inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014.+358 50 337 7953MuniFin (Municipality Finance Plc) is one of Finland’s largest credit institutions.The company is an active Finnish bond issuer in international capital markets and the first Finnish green and social bond issuer.This communication does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in the United States.,"Kuntarahoitus OyjMunicipality Finance PlcStock exchange release24 February 2022 at 9:00 am (EET)Municipality Finance Plc to redeem its EUR 350 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 SecuritiesMunicipality Finance Plc (“MuniFin”) will redeem its EUR 350 000 000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Securities (ISIN: XS1299724911) originally issued on 1 October 2015 (the “Securities”). The Securities have been listed on Euronext Dublin.MuniFin will redeem all of the outstanding Securities on 1 April 2022 (the “Redemption Date”) which is the first repayment date of the Securities in accordance with the terms and conditions thereof. The Securities will be redeemed at 100 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount together with accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the Redemption Date.After the redemption  MuniFin's capital adequacy ratios and its leverage ratio remain well above the minimum requirements.This release contains information that constituted or may have constituted inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of Regulation (EU) 596/2014.MUNICIPALITY FINANCE PLCFurther information:Esa KallioPresident and CEOtel. +358 50 337 7953MuniFin (Municipality Finance Plc) is one of Finland’s largest credit institutions. The company is owned by Finnish municipalities  the public sector pension fund Keva and the Republic of Finland. MuniFin Group also includes the subsidiary company  Financial Advisory Services Inspira Ltd. The Group’s balance sheet is over EUR 46 billion.MuniFin builds a better and more sustainable future with its customers. MuniFin’s customers are Finnish municipalities  municipal federations  municipally controlled entities and non-profit housing organisations. Lending is used for environmentally and socially responsible investment targets such as public transportation  hospitals and healthcare centres  schools and day care centres  and homes for people with special needs.Story continuesMuniFin’s customers are domestic but the company operates in a completely global business environment. The company is an active Finnish bond issuer in international capital markets and the first Finnish green and social bond issuer. The funding is exclusively guaranteed by the Municipal Guarantee Board.Read more: www.munifin.fiImportant InformationThe information contained herein is not for release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  directly or indirectly  in or into any such country or jurisdiction or otherwise in such circumstances in which the release  publication or distribution would be unlawful. The information contained herein does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of  any securities or other financial instruments in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.This communication does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in the United States. The notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or under the applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and may not be offered or sold  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons except pursuant to an applicable exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['0,000,000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Securities', 'Municipality Finance Plc', 'EUR', 'EUR 350,000,000 Perpetual Fixed Rate Resettable Additional Tier 1 Securities', 'Financial Advisory Services Inspira Ltd', 'Kuntarahoitus Oyj Municipality Finance Plc', 'public sector pension fund', 'active Finnish bond issuer', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'social bond issuer', 'other financial instruments', 'U.S. persons', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'capital adequacy ratios', 'largest credit institutions', 'municipally controlled entities', 'non-profit housing organisations', 'responsible investment targets', 'global business environment', 'international capital markets', 'first Finnish green', 'day care centres', 'Municipal Guarantee Board', 'first repayment date', 'applicable securities laws', 'Stock exchange release', 'public transportation', 'Finnish municipalities', 'The Securities', 'outstanding Securities', 'municipal federations', 'healthcare centres', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Redemption Date', '100 per cent', 'unpaid interest', 'leverage ratio', 'minimum requirements', 'Esa Kallio', 'The Group', 'balance sheet', 'sustainable future', 'special needs', 'United States', 'applicable exemption', 'Further information', 'Important Information', 'registration requirements', 'subsidiary company', 'MuniFin Group', 'February', 'ISIN', 'XS12997249', '1 October', '1 April', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'accrued', 'purposes', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'President', 'CEO', 'Finland', 'Keva', 'Republic', 'customers', 'Lending', 'socially', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'homes', 'people', 'Story', 'funding', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'country', 'jurisdiction', 'circumstances', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'qualification', 'communication', 'notes', 'account', 'benefit', 'transaction', '9:00']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/azerion-holding-b-v-host-150800221.html,Azerion Holding B.V. Will Host a Conference Call on 28 February 2022 in Relation to its Interim Unaudited Financial Results for Q4 2021,AzerionAMSTERDAM  Feb. 23  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Azerion Holding B.V. will release its Interim Unaudited Financial Results for Q4 2021 and its Preliminary Unaudited Financial Results Full Year 2021 (the “Azerion Holding Interim Results”) on Monday 28 February 2022.Further to that release  Azerion Holding B.V. will host a conference call to discuss its Azerion Holding Interim Results on Monday 28 February 2022  at 14:00 CET / 13.00 GMT.Full access details are set out at the end of this announcement and will also be available on the Azerion website ( https://www.azerion.com/investors-bc/ )Azerion Holding B.V. is the main holding subsidiary of Azerion Group N.V. (“Azerion Group”)  a public company listed on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: AZRN).Further information in relation to Azerion is available on Azerion’s websiteINVESTOR INFORMATION AZERION GROUP: ir@azerion.comABOUT AZERION GROUPAzerion Group operates a high-growth  EBITDA profitable digital entertainment and media platform.Conference Call DetailsMonday 28 February 2022  14.00 - 15.00 CET / 13.00 – 14.00 GMTAzerion Holding B.V. - Interim Unaudited Financial Results for Q4 2021 and Preliminary Unaudited Financial Results Full Year 2021.,AzerionAMSTERDAM  Feb. 23  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Azerion Holding B.V. will release its Interim Unaudited Financial Results for Q4 2021 and its Preliminary Unaudited Financial Results Full Year 2021 (the “Azerion Holding Interim Results”) on Monday 28 February 2022.Further to that release  Azerion Holding B.V. will host a conference call to discuss its Azerion Holding Interim Results on Monday 28 February 2022  at 14:00 CET / 13.00 GMT. Full access details are set out at the end of this announcement and will also be available on the Azerion website ( https://www.azerion.com/investors-bc/ )Azerion Holding B.V. is the main holding subsidiary of Azerion Group N.V. (“Azerion Group”)  a public company listed on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: AZRN). The Azerion Holding Interim Results will be released as required by the terms and conditions of the listed Senior Secured Callable Fixed Rate Bonds (ISIN: SE0015837794).Azerion Group (previously European FinTech IPO Company 1 B.V. (“EFIC1”) expects to publish its audited financial results for the full year 2021 by the end of April 2022. These results will not include the audited full year 2021 financial results for Azerion Holding B.V. as these financial results relate to a period before the business combination between Azerion Group (then EFIC1) and Azerion Holding B.V. was completed  with that completion taking place on 1 February 2022. It is intended however  that the audited full year 2021 results for Azerion Holding B.V. will be published separately by the end of April 2022.The first financial results for the post business combination Azerion Group will be the half year 2022 interim financial results  further details for which will follow closer to the time.Further information in relation to Azerion is available on Azerion’s websiteINVESTOR INFORMATION AZERION GROUP: ir@azerion.comABOUT AZERION GROUPAzerion Group operates a high-growth  EBITDA profitable digital entertainment and media platform. It is a content-driven  technology and data company  serving consumers  digital publishers  advertisers and game creators globally. Azerion Group is engaged in a number of interrelated operating activities including providing technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising inventory for advertisers  publishers and game creators as well as developing  publishing  distributing and operating online social and casual games and digital content.Story continuesFounded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion Group has experienced rapid expansion thanks to organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion Group is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands.For more information visit: www.azerion.com .Conference Call DetailsMonday 28 February 2022  14.00 - 15.00 CET / 13.00 – 14.00 GMTAzerion Holding B.V. - Interim Unaudited Financial Results for Q4 2021 and Preliminary Unaudited Financial Results Full Year 2021.To view the livestream  please register and watch here:https://kvgo.com/corporate-services/azerion-companies-financial-results-q4-2021Please note that only dial-in participants can ask questions during the conference call. To ask a question during the presentation  please dial the toll free number below and give these details:Program Title: Azerion Q4 ResultsConference ID: AZERIONToll free international dial in numbers:Austria: 080-029-2061Belgium: 08-007-2519Colombia: 01-800-518-0807Czech Republic: 80-070-0539Denmark: 8-088-6270Denmark (national): + 45-7-877-4197France: 080-091-2273Germany: 0-800-186-2030Hong Kong: 80-090-1494India: 000-800-100-7615Ireland: 180-076-0616Italy: 80-087-3807Netherlands: 0-800-022-5803Norway: 80-01-3780Poland: 00-800-112-4099Portugal: 80-081-9765Russia: 8-108-002-960-1012Singapore: 800-101-2018Spain: 90-094-7610Sweden: 02-079-9847Sweden (national): + 46-10-750-2346Switzerland: 080-056-4800UK: 0808-101-1183US: 800-895-3361Toll Global number: +1-785-424-1062 (to be used as back up if toll free numbers do not connect)CONTACT: PRESS AND INVESTOR INFORMATION Press contacts: Not for publication Investor Relations: Azerion Group: ir@azerion.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.6,0.28,0.12,True,English,"['Azerion Holding B.V.', 'Interim Unaudited Financial Results', 'Conference Call', '28 February', 'Relation', 'Q4', 'Senior Secured Callable Fixed Rate Bonds', 'European FinTech IPO Company 1 B.V.', 'Preliminary Unaudited Financial Results Full Year', 'high-growth, EBITDA profitable digital entertainment', 'half year 2022 interim financial results', 'The Azerion Holding Interim Results', 'Interim Unaudited Financial Results', 'Azerion Holding B.V.', 'full year 2021 financial results', 'Azerion Group N.V.', 'INVESTOR INFORMATION Press contacts', 'INVESTOR INFORMATION AZERION GROUP', 'full year 2021 results', 'first financial results', 'main holding subsidiary', 'interrelated operating activities', 'digital advertising inventory', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'Full access details', 'post business combination', 'Azerion Q4 Results', 'toll free number', 'Toll Global number', 'Conference Call Details', 'public company', 'data company', 'Investor Relations', 'digital content', 'Further information', 'digital publishers', 'Conference ID', 'Azerion website', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'media platform', 'content-driven, technology', 'game creators', 'technology solutions', 'online social', 'casual games', 'rapid expansion', 'organic growth', 'strategic acquisitions', 'Program Title', 'international dial', 'Czech Republic', 'Hong Kong', 'Monday 28 February', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'numbers', '1 February 2022', 'Feb.', 'release', '14:00 CET', '13.00 GMT', 'end', 'announcement', 'investors', 'bc', 'symbol', 'AZRN', 'terms', 'conditions', 'EFIC1', 'April', 'period', 'completion', 'place', 'time', 'consumers', 'advertisers', 'purchase', 'sale', 'Story', 'Netherlands', '15.00 CET', '14.00 GMT', 'livestream', 'kvgo', 'corporate-services', 'azerion-companies-financial-results', 'participants', 'questions', 'presentation', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Colombia', 'Denmark', 'France', 'Germany', 'India', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Russia', 'Singapore', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', 'UK', 'publication']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-share-buy-063000238.html,BGHL GBP NAV & Share buy back,"For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey.The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act"").In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"").","BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Feb 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.6524 £ 24.8640 Estimated MTD return 1.27 % 1.33 % Estimated YTD return -1.88 % -1.74 % Estimated ITD return 186.52 % 148.64 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.90 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 000* N/A Average Price € 23.10 N/A Range of Price N/A N/A*this transaction was made on 22/02/22Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 381 961 130 254 Held in treasury 5 100 N/A Shares Issued 12 387 061 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.4227 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.3484The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.41,0.55,0.04,negative,0.04,0.14,0.82,True,English,"['BGHL GBP NAV', 'Share', 'Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '100 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '22/02', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-receives-landmark-eu-market-073900966.html,DSM receives landmark EU market approval for its methane-reducing feed additive Bovaer®,"HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  announces that European Union (EU) member states approved the marketing of the methane-reducing feed additive for dairy cows  Bovaer®  in the EU.More than 100 governments pledged to cut methane emissions by 30% by 2030  as part of the Global Methane Pledge  launched by the EU and the US.Cutting farming-related methane emissions is key in our fight against climate change and today's approval is a very telling example of what we can achieve through new agricultural innovations.""DSM's ruminant feed additive Bovaer® consistently reduces these methane emissions by around 30%.Geraldine Matchett  Co-CEO DSM  commented: ""Bovaer® has the power to truly revolutionize the global dairy industry.","HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  announces that European Union (EU) member states approved the marketing of the methane-reducing feed additive for dairy cows  Bovaer®  in the EU. After inclusion in the EU registry  expected in the coming weeks  it is the first time a feed additive authorised in the EU for environmental benefits can be marketed. This marks a significant milestone for DSM  paving the way for Bovaer® to revolutionize the dairy market.DSM Logo. (PRNewsFoto/DSM)Methane has a global warming potential 28 times greater than carbon dioxide  which is why reducing methane emissions was identified at COP26 as one of the most significant short-term means of tackling climate change. More than 100 governments pledged to cut methane emissions by 30% by 2030  as part of the Global Methane Pledge  launched by the EU and the US.Bovaer® will contribute to the greening of the EU's agriculture  and to the objectives of the Farm to Fork Strategy. As stated in the European Commission's confirmation of approval  the innovative feed additive is safe for use without impacting the quality of dairy products and is the first of its kind to be available within the EU which can reduce methane emissions. The Commissioner for Health and Food Safety  Stella Kyriakides  said in the EU press release: ""Innovation is key for a successful shift towards a more sustainable food system. The EU continues to lead the way in ensuring food safety while adapting to new technologies that can make food production more sustainable. Cutting farming-related methane emissions is key in our fight against climate change and today's approval is a very telling example of what we can achieve through new agricultural innovations.""The dairy industry has an important role to play as enteric methane from dairy cows is responsible for up to 60% of the global greenhouse gas emissions from milk production. DSM's ruminant feed additive Bovaer® consistently reduces these methane emissions by around 30%. EU market authorization therefore represents a ground-breaking step toward more sustainable milk production  giving farmers  dairy companies and retailers a trusted and safe product with proven efficacy that will substantially lower dairy's carbon footprint. And ultimately it enables the consumer to purchase sustainable dairy.Story continuesBovaer® is the result of a decade of scientific research  including more than 50 peer-reviewed studies published in independent scientific journals and 48 on-farm trials in 14 countries across 4 continents. DSM has entered into partnerships with several major dairy companies to prepare for the implementation of Bovaer® at large scale. These preparations will contribute to Bovaer®'s smooth incorporation into existing farming practices and ensure its impact can be felt as soon as possible. DSM has also already begun engineering works for a large-scale Bovaer® plant at DSM's manufacturing site in Dalry  Scotland.Geraldine Matchett  Co-CEO DSM  commented: ""Bovaer® has the power to truly revolutionize the global dairy industry. We are extremely proud that  after a decade of research  trials  and value chain collaboration  its potential has been recognized with this historic market approval.""Dimitri de Vreeze  Co-CEO DSM  added: ""There is no time to lose when it comes to tackling climate change  and Bovaer® is scientifically proven as an effective solution to the immense challenge of methane emissions in animal farming. We look forward to introducing Bovaer® to the European market where we know farmers and dairy companies share our eagerness to act. This solution enables us to work together to offer consumers dairy products with a greatly reduced climate impact.""DSM has launched a series of quantifiable commitments aimed at addressing urgent societal and environmental challenges linked to how the world produces and consumes food. DSM's Food System Commitments including a double-digit reduction of on-farm livestock emissions by 2030. The market introduction of Bovaer® is a major step toward delivering on this commitment as well as the strategic initiative of DSM's Animal Nutrition & Health business group  We Make It Possible  with its mission to lead a robust and achievable worldwide transformation in sustainable animal protein production.About Bovaer®Bovaer® is a feed additive for cows researched and developed by DSM over 10 years. Just a quarter-teaspoon of Bovaer® per cow per day consistently reduces enteric methane emissions by approximately 30% for dairy cows and even higher percentages (up to 90%) for beef cows. This feed additive takes effect straight away and therefore contributes to a significant and immediate reduction of the environmental footprint of meat and dairy products. Bovaer® is the most extensively studied and scientifically proven solution to the challenge of burped methane to date.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyTwitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMLinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpg",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.25,0.27,True,English,"['landmark EU market approval', 'methane-reducing feed additive', 'DSM', 'Bovaer®', 'European Union (EU) member states', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'global greenhouse gas emissions', 'sustainable animal protein production', 'several major dairy companies', 'ruminant feed additive Bovaer®', 'global, purpose-led company', 'value chain collaboration', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'achievable worldwide transformation', 'new agricultural innovations', 'independent scientific journals', 'existing farming practices', 'Global Methane Pledge', 'global warming potential', 'methane-reducing feed additive', 'innovative feed additive', 'sustainable milk production', 'sustainable food system', 'global dairy industry', 'significant short-term means', 'EU press release', 'Food System Commitments', 'farming-related methane emissions', 'farm livestock emissions', 'consumers dairy products', 'Health business group', 'EU market authorization', 'large-scale Bovaer® plant', 'enteric methane emissions', 'historic market approval', 'European market', 'sustainable dairy', 'animal farming', 'European Commission', 'major step', 'food production', 'dairy market', 'new technologies', 'quantifiable commitments', 'market introduction', 'Food Safety', 'Animal Nutrition', 'dairy cows', 'EU registry', 'coming weeks', 'environmental benefits', 'significant milestone', 'carbon dioxide', 'climate change', 'Fork Strategy', 'Stella Kyriakides', 'successful shift', 'The EU', 'telling example', 'important role', 'ground-breaking step', 'safe product', 'proven efficacy', 'carbon footprint', 'scientific research', '50 peer-reviewed studies', 'large scale', 'smooth incorporation', 'engineering works', 'manufacturing site', 'Geraldine Matchett', 'urgent societal', 'environmental challenges', 'double-digit reduction', 'strategic initiative', 'higher percentages', 'immediate reduction', 'environmental footprint', 'beef cows', 'first time', 'farm trials', 'immense challenge', 'climate impact', 'effective solution', 'Royal DSM', 'DSM Logo', 'Co-CEO DSM', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'marketing', 'inclusion', 'way', 'PRNewsFoto', 'COP26', 'More', '100 governments', 'part', 'greening', 'agriculture', 'objectives', 'confirmation', 'quality', 'kind', 'Commissioner', 'Cutting', 'fight', 'farmers', 'retailers', 'trusted', 'Story', 'result', 'decade', '14 countries', '4 continents', 'implementation', 'preparations', 'Dalry', 'Scotland', 'power', 'eagerness', 'series', 'robust', '10 years', 'quarter-teaspoon', 'day', 'meat', 'date', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', '48']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-releases-annual-070000444.html,Van Lanschot Kempen releases Annual Report 2021,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  24 February 2022Van Lanschot Kempen today publishes its Annual Report 2021.The report offers shareholders and other stakeholders a comprehensive view of Van Lanschot Kempen’s performance in 2021 and added value as an independent  specialist wealth manager.The full annual report – consisting of the directors’ report  the annual accounts  the remuneration report and other appendices – can be downloaded from the website: www.vanlanschotkempen.com/results.Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV and/or Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No.,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  24 February 2022Van Lanschot Kempen today publishes its Annual Report 2021. The report offers shareholders and other stakeholders a comprehensive view of Van Lanschot Kempen’s performance in 2021 and added value as an independent  specialist wealth manager.The full annual report – consisting of the directors’ report  the annual accounts  the remuneration report and other appendices – can be downloaded from the website: www.vanlanschotkempen.com/results.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor additional information  go to www.vanlanschotkempen.com/financial.FINANCIAL CALENDAR11 May 2022 Publication of 2022 first-quarter trading update11 May 2022 Capital Markets Day12 May 2022 Retail Investor Day25 May 2022 Annual General Meeting27 May 2022 Ex-dividend date9 June 2022 2021 dividend payment date25 August 2022 Publication of 2022 half-year results4 November 2022 Publication of 2022 third-quarter trading updateMedia Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.Story continuesFor more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management.Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements as a result of risks  developments and uncertainties relating to  but not limited to  (a) estimates of income growth  (b) costs  (c) the macroeconomic and business climate  (d) political and market trends  (e) interest rates and currency exchange rates  (f) behaviour of clients  competitors  investors and counterparties  (g) the implementation of Van Lanschot Kempen’s strategy  (h) actions taken by supervisory and regulatory authorities and private entities  (i) changes in law and taxation  (j) changes in ownership that could affect the future availability of capital  (k) changes in credit ratings and (l) evolution and economic and societal impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV and/or Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.12,0.75,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'Annual Report', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management NV', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', '25 May 2022 Annual General Meeting', 'sustainable wealth manager', '2022 first-quarter trading update', '2022 third-quarter trading update', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'positive long-term financial', 'Retail Investor Day', '2021 dividend payment date', 'currency exchange rates', 'Capital Markets Day', 'Important legal information', 'full annual report', 'Investment Management', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'financial instrument', 'annual accounts', 'Ex-dividend date', 'Investor Relations', 'long-term focus', 'full range', 'interest rates', 'sustainable way', 'comprehensive view', 'directors’ report', 'remuneration report', 'other appendices', 'Media Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'entire group', 'cautionary note', 'forward-looking statements', 'press release', 'future events', 'current insights', 'current facts', 'income growth', 'business climate', 'market trends', 'regulatory authorities', 'private entities', 'future availability', 'credit ratings', 'societal impact', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'specific dates', 'other reason', 'other way', 'EU Regulation', '2022 half-year results', 'Actual results', 'ADDITIONAL INFORMATION', 'new information', 'other stakeholders', 'non-financial value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'unknown risks', '12 May', '27 May 2022', 'Hertogenbosch', '24 February', 'shareholders', 'performance', 'website', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'Publication', '9 June', '25 August', '4 November', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'part', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'developments', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'historical', 'nature', 'control', 'circumstances', 'estimates', 'costs', 'macroeconomic', 'political', 'behaviour', 'competitors', 'investors', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'actions', 'supervisory', 'changes', 'law', 'taxation', 'ownership', 'evolution', 'responsibility', 'obligation', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000911.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),"For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey.The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act"").In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"").","BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Feb 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.8575 £ 25.0409 Estimated MTD return 2.00 % 2.05 % Estimated YTD return -1.17 % -1.04 % Estimated ITD return 188.57 % 150.41 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.90 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.64 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.13 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 382 961 130 254 Held in treasury 4 100 N/A Shares Issued 12 387 061 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.1600 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.2754The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,negative,0.04,0.13,0.83,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', '100 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000183.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),"For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey.The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act"").In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"").","BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 22 Feb 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.8575 £ 25.0409 Estimated MTD return 2.00 % 2.05 % Estimated YTD return -1.17 % -1.04 % Estimated ITD return 188.57 % 150.41 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.90 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.64 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.13 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 382 961 130 254 Held in treasury 4 100 N/A Shares Issued 12 387 061 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 249.1600 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.2754The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.84,0.15,negative,0.04,0.13,0.83,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', '100 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bureau-veritas-renewal-term-office-063100734.html,Bureau Veritas: Renewal of the term of office of the Chief Executive Officer and appointment of a Chief Operating Officer,As of May 1st  2022  Hinda Gharbi will join Bureau Veritas as Chief Operating Officer and will be a member of the Executive Committee.On January 1st  2023  Hinda Gharbi will assume the position of Deputy CEO of Bureau Veritas.The Board of Directors will appoint her as Chief Executive Officer at the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Hinda Gharbi will join Bureau Veritas from Schlumberger  a global technology leader in the energy sector  where she is currently Executive Vice President  Services and Equipment.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20 and SBF 120 indices.,"BUREAU VERITASPress Release_Bureau Veritas OrganizationPRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 24  2022Renewal of the term of office of the Chief Executive Officer and appointment of a Chief Operating OfficerThe Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas  following its meeting yesterday  announces the renewal of the term of office of the Chief Executive Officer  Didier Michaud-Daniel  until the Annual General Meeting in June 2023  which will be called to approve the financial statements for the year 2022.As of May 1st  2022  Hinda Gharbi will join Bureau Veritas as Chief Operating Officer and will be a member of the Executive Committee. The Board of Directors' decision is the result of a rigorous selection and recruitment process  as part of succession planning for the Chief Executive Officer  led jointly by the Nomination & Compensation Committee and Didier Michaud-Daniel.On January 1st  2023  Hinda Gharbi will assume the position of Deputy CEO of Bureau Veritas. The Board of Directors will appoint her as Chief Executive Officer at the end of the 2023 Annual General Meeting.Hinda Gharbi will join Bureau Veritas from Schlumberger  a global technology leader in the energy sector  where she is currently Executive Vice President  Services and Equipment. In this role  which she has held since July 2020  she oversees products and services for the Group as well as digital topics.With a degree in Electrical Engineering from the Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Ingénieurs Electriciens de Grenoble  and a Master of Science in signal processing from the Institut Polytechnique de Grenoble  Hinda joined Schlumberger in 1996  choosing to start her career in the field in the Nigerian offshore oil fields.During her 26 years with the Group  Hinda has held a variety of general management positions in operations for Schlumberger's core business activities at a global and regional level. She has also assumed cross-functional responsibilities including Human Resources  Technology Development  and Health  Safety and Environment.Story continuesHinda Gharbi has worked and lived on multiple continents: in Nigeria  France  Thailand  Malaysia  the United Kingdom and the United States.Aldo Cardoso  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas  said:""The Board of Directors designed a succession plan for the Chief Executive Officer  a position successfully held by Didier Michaud-Daniel since March 2012. This transition will allow for an effective handover and progressive onboarding for Hinda Gharbi in her role within the Group. The Board of Directors is unanimously convinced that Hinda Gharbi's career and personal qualities are aligned with the profile and culture of Bureau Veritas. Her international experience  her technical and technological expertise and her strong customers’ and people focus are in harmony with the DNA of the Group and its key priorities. Supported by Didier Michaud-Daniel and the members of the management team  Hinda will continue the development of the company by creating sustainable value for its customers  employees and shareholders. On behalf of the Board of Directors  I welcome Hinda Gharbi "".Hinda Gharbi's BiographySince July 2020  Hinda Gharbi has been Executive Vice President in charge of Services and Equipment  as well as digital topics for the Schlumberger Group  a global technology leader in the energy sector.Previously  Hinda Gharbi held various executive and management positions  including Executive Vice President of Reservoir and Infrastructure  Vice President of Group Human Resources  President of Reservoir Characterization Group  President of Wireline  President of Schlumberger Asia  and Vice President of Health  Safety and Environment. She has held a range of technical and management positions in Operations  Technology Development and Human Resources.She began her career with Schlumberger in 1996 as a Wireline Engineer in Nigeria's offshore oil fields. Hinda Gharbi has worked and lived in Nigeria  France  Thailand  Malaysia  UK and USA.Hinda Gharbi holds a degree in Electrical Engineering from the Ecole Nationale Supérieure d'Ingénieurs Electriciens de Grenoble  and a Master of Science in signal processing from the Institut Polytechnique de Grenoble.About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has close to 80 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20 and SBF 120 indices.Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Caroline Ponsi Khider +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0)7 52 60 89 78 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com caroline.ponsi-khider@bureauveritas.com Florent Chaix DGM Conseil +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 +33 (0)1 40 70 11 89 florent.chaix@bureauveritas.com thomasdeclimens@dgm-conseil.frquentin.hua@dgm-conseil.frAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.02,True,English,"['Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Renewal', 'term', 'appointment', 'Ecole Nationale Supérieure', 'Nigerian offshore oil fields', 'Press Release_Bureau Veritas Organization', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Ingénieurs Electriciens', 'core business activities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'general management positions', 'global technology leader', 'Executive Vice President', 'Reservoir Characterization Group', 'Group Human Resources', 'Executive Committee', 'various executive', 'world leader', 'management team', 'Technology Development', 'Didier Michaud-Daniel', 'financial statements', 'May 1st', 'rigorous selection', 'recruitment process', 'succession planning', 'Compensation Committee', 'January 1st', 'Deputy CEO', 'energy sector', 'digital topics', 'Electrical Engineering', 'signal processing', 'Institut Polytechnique', 'regional level', 'cross-functional responsibilities', 'multiple continents', 'United Kingdom', 'United States', 'Aldo Cardoso', 'effective handover', 'progressive onboarding', 'personal qualities', 'international experience', 'technological expertise', 'people focus', 'key priorities', 'sustainable value', 'innovative solutions', 'environmental protection', 'social responsibility', 'Euronext Paris', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'strong customers', 'Wireline Engineer', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Schlumberger Asia', 'certification services', ""Directors' decision"", 'The Board', 'Schlumberger Group', 'France', 'February', 'Renewal', 'term', 'appointment', 'June', 'year', 'member', 'result', 'Nomination', 'end', 'Equipment', 'role', 'July', 'products', 'degree', 'Grenoble', 'Master', 'Science', 'career', 'variety', 'operations', 'Health', 'Safety', 'Story', 'Thailand', 'Malaysia', 'Chairman', 'March', 'transition', 'profile', 'culture', 'technical', 'harmony', 'DNA', 'company', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'behalf', 'Biography', 'charge', 'Infrastructure', 'range', 'UK', 'USA', 'inspection', '1,600 offices', 'laboratories', 'globe', '400,000 clients', 'performance', 'order', 'assets', 'processes', 'standards', 'regulations', 'quality', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
173,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-euro-nav-share-buy-063000411.html,BGHL Euro NAV & Share buy back,"For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey.The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act"").In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"").","BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 23 Feb 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.6524 £ 24.8640 Estimated MTD return 1.27 % 1.33 % Estimated YTD return -1.88 % -1.74 % Estimated ITD return 186.52 % 148.64 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.90 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -20.08 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares 1 000* N/A Average Price € 23.10 N/A Range of Price N/A N/A*this transaction was made on 22/02/22Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 381 961 130 254 Held in treasury 5 100 N/A Shares Issued 12 387 061 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 247.4227 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 132.3484The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.34,0.57,0.09,negative,0.04,0.14,0.82,True,English,"['BGHL Euro NAV', 'Share', 'Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', '100 N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Range', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', '22/02', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
174,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bw-ideol-fourth-quarter-2021-073900625.html,BW Ideol: Fourth quarter 2021 operational update and annual report,"Progress is reflected in several recent cooperation agreements and participation in tenders for commercial-scale floating offshore wind projects.The Allyance is a development partnership comprising BayWa r.e.  Elicio and BW Ideol.ScotWind is a transformational project for BW Ideol  confirming our ability to convert our growing pipeline of new opportunities into firm developments to drive long-term growth and value creation "" said Paul de la Guérivière  the CEO of BW Ideol.BW Ideol will hold 51% of the new entity  with JERA and ADEME Investissement holding 24.5% each.The rapid expansion of the commercial-scale floating offshore wind market across the globe supports a strong market outlook.","HIGHLIGHTSAcquisition of 5% ownership in 30MW EolMed floating wind pilot projectCalifornia Pilot Project progressed to Environmental Impact Report  final step before permittingSecuring close to 1GW of floating offshore wind acreage in ScotWind leasing round as part of the Floating Energy Allyance in January 2022Signing and set-up of an investment vehicle with JERA and ADEME Investissement in January 2022Cash position of EUR 32.8 million at end of December 2021 supporting growth strategyBW Ideol is executing its dual-leg strategy as a co-developer of offshore floating wind projects and as EPCI (engineering  procurement  construction and installation) contractor of floating offshore wind technology. Progress is reflected in several recent cooperation agreements and participation in tenders for commercial-scale floating offshore wind projects.On 17 January 2022  BW Ideol AS  as part of the Floating Energy Allyance was awarded the rights to develop a floating offshore wind farm with an approximate capacity of 1GW off the northeast coast of Scotland through the Crown Estate Scotland's ScotWind leasing round. The “option agreement” is for the area designated NE8 in the Scottish Government's Sectoral Marine Plan for Offshore Wind  which is located some 75km to the northeast of Fraserburgh on the Aberdeenshire coast. The Allyance is a development partnership comprising BayWa r.e.  Elicio and BW Ideol.""The award is a recognition our unique value proposition as a provider of floating offshore wind technology and services and as a project co-developer. We have a credible execution plan including the development of an industrial manufacturing hub at the Port of Ardersier in northern Scotland for local production of floaters  accurate cost assumptions and a proven and bankable technology. ScotWind is a transformational project for BW Ideol  confirming our ability to convert our growing pipeline of new opportunities into firm developments to drive long-term growth and value creation "" said Paul de la Guérivière  the CEO of BW Ideol.Story continuesFINANCIALSGroup revenue from contracts with customers for the full year 2021 was EUR 2.26 million reflecting mainly design and engineering activities for projects in France and Japan. Other operating income was EUR 1.40 million from the French R&D tax incentive scheme. Operating loss before depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) for the period was EUR 7.76 million. The cash position was EUR 32.8 million at 31 December 2021.BW Ideol’s mission is to create a sustainable future by using floating technology to unlock the vast potential of offshore wind. The Company was established as a global pure player in floating offshore wind technology on 15 March 2021 following the acquisition of Ideol SA and a private placement raising gross EUR 51.5 million of growth capital and subsequent listing on Euronext Growth Oslo on 18 March.OPERATIONSIn October  The California State Lands Commission (SLC) released a final Preliminary Environmental Assessment (PEA) for two planned offshore wind farms near the Vanderberg Space Force Base  including BW Ideol’s proposed installation of four concrete floaters with a total of 40 MW capacity. The SLC will now proceed to the next stage of the lease application process by authorising the preparation of the final Environmental Assessment. The project may receive consent in 2022 with the potential of becoming the first offshore wind installation in California.In December  the Company signed an agreement to acquire a 5% ownership in the 30MW EOLMED floating wind pilot project in the French Mediterranean. BW Ideol and Qair have been cooperating on the project since 2016 and the early development stages when the French government awarded the project on the merits of BW Ideol's floating wind technology. In 2020  TotalEnergies Renewables acquired a 20% ownership in the project. EolMed is one of the first floating wind projects in the Mediterranean and is composed of three 10 MW Vestas wind turbines  currently one of the most powerful offshore wind turbines in operation in the market. The project will be installed 15 km off Gruissan  France. The project is progressing towards final investment decision (FID) with an expected start of construction in early 2022. BW Ideol has previously signed an engineering and technology licensing agreement with the project providing revenue and cash flow during the development phase.In January 2022  BW Ideol executed an investment agreement with JERA  Japan's largest utility company  and ADEME Investissement  a French State-owned investment company aiming at financing innovative infrastructure projects funded by the Investment for the Future Program  to create an investment company for financing the co-development of offshore wind projects using BW Ideol's patented Damping Pool® technology over the next five years. BW Ideol will hold 51% of the new entity  with JERA and ADEME Investissement holding 24.5% each.Since commissioning in September 2018  the Floatgen demonstrator installed offshore western France produces 18.5GWh of electricity with high availability  reflecting the seakeeping performance of BW Ideol's proprietary Damping Pool® design.OUTLOOKBW Ideol’s vision is to be a leading long-term owner of floating wind assets in key offshore markets across the globe. The primary focus is to continuously progress  expand and de-risk the Company’s project pipeline. The goal to have participated in an approximately 10GW gross portfolio of floating offshore wind projects by 2030 by developing the existing pipeline and strong joint venture partnerships  through scaling and optimisation of the patented Damping Pool® technology  and by developing the global organisation and leveraging the partnership with BW Offshore  including in the power-to-gas platform market. The rapid expansion of the commercial-scale floating offshore wind market across the globe supports a strong market outlook.Please find attached the annual report for 2021.WEBCASTThe Company will on Thursday  24 February  hold a webcast and conference call followed by a Q&A at 09:00 CET. The webcast will be held in English by CEO Paul de la Guérivière and CFO Nicolas de Kerangal.The webcast will be available by following this link:https://streams.eventcdn.net/bwideol/2021-q4You can also dial the following numbers:Norway: +47 23963688Singapore: +65 64085767United Kingdom: +44 3333009265United States: +1 6319131422 PIN: 59137658#Please note that if you follow the webcast via the above URL  you will experience a 30 second delay compared to the main conference call. The web page works best in an updated browser - Chrome is recommended.For further information  please contact:Nicolas de Kerangal  Chief Financial & Partnerships Officer at BW Ideol  +33 (0) 7 76 87 70 08  ir@bw-ideol.comAbout BW Ideol:BW Ideol is a leading fully integrated platform in floating offshore wind with more than 10 years of experience from design  execution and development of floating wind projects based on Ideol S.A.'s patented floating offshore wind technology and engineering capabilities. The company has a dual-leg growth strategy as a floater EPCI and maintenance services provider and as a wind farm project developer and co-owner. BW Ideol has two full-scale offshore floating wind turbines in operation in France and Japan  a significant project pipeline  and is supported by BW Offshore’s extensive experience from developing and operating offshore energy production systems.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.27,0.41,True,English,"['Fourth quarter 2021 operational update', 'BW Ideol', 'annual report', '30MW EolMed floating wind pilot project California Pilot Project', 'Paul de la Guérivière', 'French R&D tax incentive scheme', 'The California State Lands Commission', 'two planned offshore wind farms', 'three 10 MW Vestas wind turbines', 'commercial-scale floating offshore wind projects', 'powerful offshore wind turbines', 'several recent cooperation agreements', 'Vanderberg Space Force Base', 'floating offshore wind farm', 'first floating wind projects', 'offshore floating wind projects', 'floating offshore wind technology', 'final Preliminary Environmental Assessment', 'first offshore wind installation', 'French State-owned investment company', 'floating wind technology', 'offshore wind acreage', 'BayWa r.e.', 'Floating Energy Allyance', 'final Environmental Assessment', 'Environmental Impact Report', 'innovative infrastructure projects', 'Sectoral Marine Plan', 'credible execution plan', 'industrial manufacturing hub', 'accurate cost assumptions', 'global pure player', 'lease application process', 'Damping Pool® technology', 'unique value proposition', 'Other operating income', 'next five years', 'ScotWind leasing round', 'final investment decision', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'largest utility company', 'Crown Estate Scotland', 'four concrete floaters', 'technology licensing agreement', 'floating technology', 'BW Ideol AS', 'early development stages', 'The Allyance', '40 MW capacity', 'French government', 'final step', 'bankable technology', 'French Mediterranean', 'transformational project', 'value creation', 'Operating loss', 'The SLC', 'next stage', 'investment vehicle', 'investment agreement', 'growth strategy', 'long-term growth', 'growth capital', 'Ideol SA', 'ADEME Investissement', 'Cash position', 'dual-leg strategy', 'approximate capacity', 'northeast coast', 'option agreement', 'Scottish Government', 'Aberdeenshire coast', 'northern Scotland', 'local production', 'growing pipeline', 'new opportunities', 'firm developments', 'full year', 'sustainable future', 'private placement', 'subsequent listing', 'TotalEnergies Renewables', 'cash flow', 'Future Program', 'new entity', 'Floatgen demonstrator', 'development partnership', 'development phase', 'Group revenue', 'vast potential', 'engineering activities', 'western France', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'Acquisition', '5% ownership', '1GW', 'January', 'Signing', 'set', 'JERA', 'end', 'December', 'developer', 'EPCI', 'procurement', 'construction', 'contractor', 'Progress', 'participation', 'rights', 'area', 'Fraserburgh', 'Elicio', 'award', 'recognition', 'provider', 'services', 'Ardersier', 'proven', 'ability', 'CEO', 'Story', 'FINANCIALS', 'contracts', 'customers', 'design', 'Japan', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'EBITDA', 'period', '15 March', '18 March', 'OPERATIONS', 'October', 'PEA', 'preparation', 'consent', 'Qair', 'merits', '20% ownership', 'market', 'Gruissan', 'FID', 'start', 'commissioning', 'September']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
175,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lantronix-taoglas-thales-collaborate-deliver-060000802.html,Lantronix  Taoglas and Thales Collaborate to Deliver 5G IoT Solutions to Connect Data-Dependent Industries,Their combined expertise aims to deliver application-specific smart industrial IoT solutions to connect data-dependent vertical industries  including Industrial 4.0  Security and Transport markets.“In today’s highly technical environment  collaboration is the key to developing reliable solutions to power connectivity-dependent industries.Story continues“The Thales partnership with Lantronix and Taoglas enables speedy and secure 5G cellular connectivity  designed for the needs of critical industries like Industry 4.0  Security and Transport Applications ” said Francis D’Souza  head of Portfolio Management IoT at Thales.“Our award-winning Cinterion MV31 IoT Modem Card delivers high-performance 5G enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB) and supports fast data speeds with 4G fallback.To learn more about all the innovative products from Taoglas  the Lantronix G520 and the Thales 5G Modem Card  stop by the Taoglas (5E32) and Thales (2J30) booths at Mobile World Congress.,Lantronix  Inc.On display at Mobile World Congress  the Lantronix G520 Series Smart Cellular IoT Devices for Industrial 4.0  Security and Transport industries feature Taoglas antennas and Thales cellular 5G connectivityIRVINE  Calif.  Feb. 23  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lantronix Inc. (NASDAQ: LTRX)  a global provider of secure turnkey solutions for intelligent IT and Internet of Things (IoT); Taoglas®  a leading provider of advanced technology for a smarter world; and Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  a global leader in advanced technologies and designer and builder of IoT connectivity solutions  today announced their collaboration. Their combined expertise aims to deliver application-specific smart industrial IoT solutions to connect data-dependent vertical industries  including Industrial 4.0  Security and Transport markets.On display at Mobile World Congress at the Taoglas booth  Number 5E32  the Lantronix G520 Series smart cellular IoT devices feature the Taoglas Guardian MA963 antenna and Thales MV31 Ultra High Speed 5G M.2 Modem Card to deliver complete  integrated smart industrial IoT gateway solutions on which users can depend for reliability  compatibility and resilience.“Spearheading collaboration for the digital transformation of IoT solutions for Industrial 4.0  Security and Transport applications  Taoglas  Lantronix and Thales have collaborated to create a fully integrated gateway solution that gives users peace of mind that their systems will stay live even in harsh environments ” said Paul Pickle  CEO of Lantronix.“In today’s highly technical environment  collaboration is the key to developing reliable solutions to power connectivity-dependent industries. Our collaborations with Lantronix and Thales help avoid common pitfalls that result in failure of IoT implementations by ensuring inter-connectivity  high-level security features and 24/7 uptime ” said Oliver Robin  GM and SVP of Taoglas Advanced Components business unit.Story continues“The Thales partnership with Lantronix and Taoglas enables speedy and secure 5G cellular connectivity  designed for the needs of critical industries like Industry 4.0  Security and Transport Applications ” said Francis D’Souza  head of Portfolio Management IoT at Thales. “Our award-winning Cinterion MV31 IoT Modem Card delivers high-performance 5G enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB) and supports fast data speeds with 4G fallback. This means very low latency  higher throughput and a 5G connectivity solution specifically made for the IoT.”The Lantronix G520 series gives users the ability to connect all their controllers  even if they are using legacy equipment of different ages and brands. A single gateway device facilitates reliable connections with less hardware and delivers access to more meaningful data.Key 5G benefits include lower latency  enabling real-time application  such as augmented and virtual reality; higher capacity  enabling more devices to concurrently be online; and higher speeds  allowing data to move faster and more easily over 5 Gbps.According to Berg Insight  global cellular IoT device shipments increased by 14 percent in 2020 to reach 302.7 million units and are forecasted to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15.8 percent to reach 629.6 million units by 2025.To learn more about all the innovative products from Taoglas  the Lantronix G520 and the Thales 5G Modem Card  stop by the Taoglas (5E32) and Thales (2J30) booths at Mobile World Congress.About TaoglasTaoglas is a leading provider of advanced technology for a smarter world. Our solutions include advanced components and technologies and help OEMs  enterprises  and communities to resolve the complexities of bringing digital transformation solutions to market quickly and cost effectively. Focused on best-in-class  high-performance antenna and RF design with advanced positioning  imaging  audio and artificial intelligence technologies  Taoglas has unique expertise in integrating and commercializing highly complex technology solutions. We utilize this expertise for our home-grown connected smart services such as Taoglas Waste Insights™ as well as being a trusted advisor to OEMs and enterprises regardless of where they are on their digital transformation journey.With world-class design  consultancy and engineering expertise  along with support and test centers globally  Taoglas has proven expertise across the transportation  waste management  connected healthcare  smart cities and smart building industries. For more information  visit https://www.taoglas.com.About Thales GroupThales is a global  high-technology leader investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations — connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technology — to build a future we can all trust  which is vital to the development of our societies. The company provides solutions  services and products that help its customers — businesses  organisations and states — in the defence  aeronautics  space  transportation and digital identity and security markets to fulfil their critical missions by placing humans at the heart of the decision-making process.For more information  visit www.thalesgroup.com/iot.About LantronixLantronix Inc. is a global provider of secure turnkey solutions for the Internet of Things (IoT) and Remote Environment Management (REM)  offering Software as a Service (SaaS)  connectivity services  engineering services and intelligent hardware.Lantronix’s products and services dramatically simplify the creation  development  deployment and management of IoT and IT projects across Robotics  Automotive  Wearables  Video Conferencing  Industrial  Medical  Logistics  Smart Cities  Security  Retail  Branch Office  Server Room and Datacenter applications. For more information  visit the Lantronix website.“Safe Harbor” Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Any statements set forth in this news release that are not entirely historical and factual in nature  including without limitation statements related to our solutions  technologies and products  are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results  future business  financial condition  or performance to differ materially from our historical results or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement contained in this news release. The potential risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  such factors as the effects of negative or worsening regional and worldwide economic conditions or market instability on our business  including effects on purchasing decisions by our customers; the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our employees  supply and distribution chains  and the global economy; cybersecurity risks; changes in applicable U.S. and foreign government laws  regulations  and tariffs; our ability to successfully implement our acquisitions strategy or integrate acquired companies; difficulties and costs of protecting patents and other proprietary rights; the level of our indebtedness  our ability to service our indebtedness and the restrictions in our debt agreements; and any additional factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on September 11  2021  including in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of such report  as well as in our other public filings with the SEC. Additional risk factors may be identified from time to time in our future filings. The forward-looking statements included in this release speak only as of the date hereof  and we do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.© 2022 Lantronix  Inc. All rights reserved. Lantronix is a registered trademark. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.Lantronix Media Contact:Gail Kathryn MillerCorporate Marketing &Communications Managermedia@lantronix.com949-453-7158Lantronix Analyst and Investor Contact:Jeremy WhitakerChief Financial Officerinvestors@lantronix.com949-450-7241Lantronix Sales:sales@lantronix.comAmericas +1 (800) 422-7055 (US and Canada) or +1 949-453-3990Europe  Middle East and Africa +31 (0)76 52 36 744Asia Pacific + 852 3428-2338China + 86 21-6237-8868Japan +81 (0) 50-1354-6201India +91 994-551-2488Taoglas PR Contact:Charlotte RubinGlobal VP of Marketingmediarelations@taoglas.com858-775-7621Thales PR Contact:Vanessa VialaMedia Relations  Digital Identity and SecurityVanessa.Viala@thalesgroup.com+33 (0)6 07 34 00 34,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.16,0.44,True,English,"['5G IoT Solutions', 'Data-Dependent Industries', 'Lantronix', 'Taoglas', 'Thales', 'Thales MV31 Ultra High Speed 5G M.2 Modem Card', 'award-winning Cinterion MV31 IoT Modem Card', 'Lantronix G520 Series Smart Cellular IoT Devices', 'complete, integrated smart industrial IoT gateway solutions', 'high-performance 5G enhanced Mobile Broadband', 'global cellular IoT device shipments', 'application-specific smart industrial IoT solutions', 'Thales 5G Modem Card', 'Taoglas Advanced Components business unit', 'The Lantronix G520 series', 'secure 5G cellular connectivity', 'compound annual growth rate', 'Thales cellular 5G connectivity', 'home-grown connected smart services', 'inter-connectivity, high-level security features', 'highly complex technology solutions', 'Taoglas Guardian MA963 antenna', 'integrated gateway solution', 'single gateway device', 'smart building industries', '5G connectivity solution', 'IoT connectivity solutions', 'secure turnkey solutions', 'Portfolio Management IoT', 'Key 5G benefits', 'Mobile World Congress', 'The Thales partnership', 'Francis D’Souza', 'deep tech” innovations', 'data-dependent vertical industries', 'power connectivity-dependent industries', 'global, high-technology leader', 'digital transformation solutions', 'digital transformation journey', 'fast data speeds', 'Taoglas Waste Insights™', 'artificial intelligence technologies', 'smart cities', 'high-performance antenna', 'IoT implementations', 'global leader', 'advanced technology', 'reliable solutions', 'global provider', 'waste management', 'Lantronix Inc', 'Transport industries', 'smarter world', 'advanced technologies', 'critical industries', 'Thales Group', 'higher speeds', 'quantum technology', 'digital identity', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'intelligent IT', 'leading provider', 'Euronext Paris', 'Transport markets', 'Transport applications', 'harsh environments', 'Paul Pickle', 'technical environment', 'common pitfalls', '24/7 uptime', 'Oliver Robin', '4G fallback', 'low latency', 'higher throughput', 'legacy equipment', 'different ages', 'reliable connections', 'less hardware', 'meaningful data', 'lower latency', 'real-time application', 'virtual reality', 'higher capacity', 'Berg Insight', '302.7 million units', '629.6 million units', 'J30) booths', 'RF design', 'trusted advisor', 'test centers', 'big data', 'Taoglas antennas', 'Taoglas booth', 'security markets', 'combined expertise', 'unique expertise', 'engineering expertise', 'innovative products', 'Spearheading collaboration', 'Industrial 4.0', 'Taoglas®', 'display', 'IRVINE', 'Calif.', 'Feb.', 'NASDAQ', 'LTRX', 'Internet', 'Things', 'designer', 'builder', 'Number', 'users', 'reliability', 'compatibility', 'resilience', 'peace', 'mind', 'systems', 'CEO', 'today', 'collaborations', 'failure', 'GM', 'SVP', 'Story', 'speedy', 'needs', 'Industry', 'eMBB', 'controllers', 'brands', 'access', '5 Gbps', '14 percent', 'CAGR', '15.8 percent', 'OEMs', 'enterprises', 'communities', 'complexities', 'audio', 'consultancy', 'support', 'transportation', 'healthcare', 'information', 'cybersecurity', 'future', 'development', 'societies', 'company', 'customers', 'businesses', 'organisations', 'states', 'defence', 'aeronautics', 'space']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
176,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forfarmers-n-v-forfarmers-annual-060000319.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers annual results 2021,"ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed.In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning.These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies.Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements.These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report.","ForFarmers N.V.24 February 2022ForFarmers annual results 2021Financial highlights 20211:Total Feed2 volume: -0.8% to 9.7 million tonnes; virtually stable in the Netherlands/Belgium and Germany/Poland but down in the United Kingdomof which compound feed volume: +0.2% to 6.8 million tonnes; up in Netherlands/Belgium (due to acquisitions) and in Germany/Poland but down in United KingdomRevenue: +13.5% to €2 671 million due to acquisitions and partly passing on higher prices of raw materialsGross profit: +0.7% to €436.3 million due to acquisitions; increase limited by impact of high raw material prices and like-for-like volume declineUnderlying EBITDA: -18.7% to €78.2 million; higher energy costs could not be fully passed on in the chainUnderlying net profit 3 : -37.4% to €29.0 millionWorking capital: €37.5 million (2020: €33.4 million)Cash flow from operating activities: -44.2% to €54.7 million; fall due to lower EBITDA and small rise in working capital (compared to fall in 2020)Dividend proposal: €0.29 per ordinary share; €0.19 regular dividend equating to 60% distribution and €0.10 special dividend (2020: €0.29)1 Results are always compared year-on-year2 Total Feed covers the entire ForFarmers product portfolio and consists of compound feed  specialties  co-products (including DML products)  seed and other products (such as forage)3 Net profit: in this context is defined as profit attributable to shareholders in the CompanyYoram Knoop  CEO of ForFarmers: “For ourselves and our customers  2021 was a turbulent year in which we were impacted by challenges including rising input costs  animal diseases and increasing pressure on the agricultural sector. Despite many of our employees having suffered Covid infections and the many challenges we faced in the supply chain  we were able to continue supplying our customers well. Our results were affected by the fact that prices for raw materials rose faster than the prices for products sold by and to our customers. In these circumstances  it proved difficult in the chain to pass on the significant rises in energy prices on top of the higher raw material prices. In addition  we had an incident involving unfavourably priced sales contracts in Germany in the first half year  putting pressure on our margins. At the same time  however  we saw a recovery of results in Poland and a solid contribution from the acquisitions in the Dutch poultry sector (De Hoop Mengvoeders) and the horse sector (Mühldorfer)  with both companies having been acquired in early 2021. Following the acquisition of De Hoop  the growing poultry sector is currently the largest sector in our portfolio  before ruminants and swine. The number of ftes has (like-for-like) declined due to the implementation of our efficiency programme  which puts us ahead of the cost savings plan. Nevertheless  we saw a sharp decline in underlying EBITDA.We expect raw material and energy prices to remain high  given the worrying political situation between Russia and Ukraine. We therefore expect continued pressure on margin and costs during 2022 and consequently on underlying EBITDA  which will show a substantial decline (YoY) in the first half year of 2022 in particular.We aim to enhance our market position by focusing on optimal customer experience  sustainability and innovation. At the same time we continue to leverage our scale  work on realising acquisitions and optimise our cost levels. In addition  in light of the changes and challenges in the agricultural sector  we have started a process to evaluate our strategy and  where necessary  to tighten it. The outcome hereof will be presented later this year. Our employees have once again made a huge effort and have shown flexibility and commitment in 2021  for which I am extremely grateful. As announced previously I will be stepping down after the General Meeting of Shareholders in April. The search for my successor is in full swing. In the meantime ForFarmers will continue to focus fully on a sustainable future perspective for all its stakeholders  in line with its mission For the Future of Farming.”Read the full press release in the attached pdf.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Story continuesNote to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsT: +31 6 10 94 91 61E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its ‘For the Future of Farming’ mission ForFarmers is committed to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is the market leader in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed. The company is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has approximately 2 500 employees. In 2021 revenue amounted to approximately €2.7 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00F: +31 (0)573 28 88 99info@forfarmers.euhttps://www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en/FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  including those relating to ForFarmers legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements  without limitation  may include such phrases as “intends to”  ""expects“  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at“  ''plans to”  ""estimated"" and words with a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties  which may mean that there could be material differences between actual results and performance and expected future results or performances that are implicitly or explicitly included in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in variations on the current expectations or may contribute to the same include but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal procedures  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers  are discussed in the last published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release are only statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility with respect to any changes made to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.11,0.53,True,English,"['ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers annual results', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'high raw material prices', 'entire ForFarmers product portfolio', 'higher raw material prices', 'worrying political situation', 'optimal customer experience', 'Investor Relations T', 'cost savings plan', 'rising input costs', 'Dutch poultry sector', 'growing poultry sector', 'first half year', 'Total Feed2 volume', 'De Hoop Mengvoeders', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'compound feed volume', 'livestock farming industry', 'higher energy costs', 'sustainable future perspective', 'full press release', 'ForFarmers annual results', 'higher prices', '2 Total Feed', 'raw materials', 'volume decline', 'market position', 'market leader', 'energy prices', 'animal feed', 'cost levels', 'full swing', 'annual sales', 'agricultural sector', 'horse sector', 'largest sector', 'turbulent year', 'Financial highlights', '9.7 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', '6.8 million tonnes', 'Underlying EBITDA', 'Working capital', 'Cash flow', 'operating activities', 'lower EBITDA', 'small rise', 'Dividend proposal', 'ordinary share', '€0.19 regular dividend', '0 special dividend', 'Yoram Knoop', 'animal diseases', 'Covid infections', 'significant rises', 'sales contracts', 'same time', 'solid contribution', 'Mühldorfer', 'efficiency programme', 'sharp decline', 'substantial decline', 'huge effort', 'General Meeting', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'international organisation', '10 million tonnes', 'Gross profit', 'net profit', 'increasing pressure', 'continued pressure', 'DML products', 'other products', 'many challenges', 'supply chain', 'inside information', 'Farming’ mission', 'Caroline Vogelzang', '1 Results', '24 February', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Germany/Poland', 'acquisitions', 'Revenue', 'increase', 'impact', 'fall', '60% distribution', 'specialties', 'seed', 'forage', 'context', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'CEO', 'customers', 'employees', 'fact', 'circumstances', 'top', 'addition', 'incident', 'margins', 'recovery', 'companies', 'early', 'ruminants', 'swine', 'number', 'ftes', 'implementation', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'sustainability', 'innovation', 'scale', 'changes', 'process', 'strategy', 'outcome', 'flexibility', 'commitment', 'April', 'search', 'successor', 'meantime', 'stakeholders', 'attached', 'pdf', 'sense', 'Story', 'Note', 'editor', 'Director', 'continuity', 'Europe', '3']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
177,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/danone-three-directors-proposed-election-063200028.html,Danone: Three new Directors proposed for election at 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting,DANONEPress Release – Paris  February 24  2022Three new Directors proposed for electionat 2022 Shareholders’ MeetingDanone is pleased to announce that three senior executives will be proposed as new independent members of its Board of Directors.These appointments will complement those of Valerie Chapoulaud-Floquet and Antoine de Saint-Affrique  also presented to the 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting.At the end of April 2022  and subject to the approval of the 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting  the Board will consist of 12 Directors  reaching 80% independence and gender parity; 60% of Directors will be CEOs and ex-CEOs  and 40% of them will have a non-French nationality.I would like to thank them  on behalf of the Board of Directors  for their engagement and look forward to working with them.Story continuesToday’s announcement marks another milestone for Danone  ahead of the Company’s Capital Market Day on March  8 and 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting on April  26.”APPENDIXDanone Board renewal – ReminderOn July 29  2021  Danone announced the complete renewal of its Board of Directors: all current Directors – with the exception of Gilles Schnepp and the two Directors representing Employees – will be leaving the Board of Directors by the 2023 Shareholders’ Meeting.,DANONEPress Release – Paris  February 24  2022Three new Directors proposed for electionat 2022 Shareholders’ MeetingDanone is pleased to announce that three senior executives will be proposed as new independent members of its Board of Directors.In April 2022  and subject to the approval of the 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting  the Board of Directors will welcome:Patrice Louvet   currently President and Chief Executive Officer of Ralph Lauren;Géraldine Picaud   currently Chief Financial Officer of Holcim;Susan Roberts  PhD  professor of nutrition at Tufts University and co-director of the Tufts Institute for Global Obesity Research.These appointments will complement those of Valerie Chapoulaud-Floquet and Antoine de Saint-Affrique  also presented to the 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting. By 2023  the Company will have renewed the totality of its Board of Directors  with the exception of Gilles Schnepp and the two Directors representing Employees  as announced in July 2021.At the end of April 2022  and subject to the approval of the 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting  the Board will consist of 12 Directors  reaching 80% independence and gender parity; 60% of Directors will be CEOs and ex-CEOs  and 40% of them will have a non-French nationality.Gilles Schnepp  Chairman of the Board said:“The decision to propose the appointment of Patrice Louvet  Géraldine Picaud and Susan Roberts is another step forward for Danone and its Board renewal. They will bring their experience  as well as their internationally recognized expertise in Consumer Goods  Health and Nutrition  Sustainability  Finance and M&A. I would like to thank them  on behalf of the Board of Directors  for their engagement and look forward to working with them.Last year as a Board we made clear our commitment to ensure our composition would comprise the right blend of capabilities  perspectives and experiences to support Danone’s performance. The appointment of Valerie Chapoulaud-Floquet  announced last December  and the proposed appointment of Patrice Louvet  Géraldine Picaud and Susan Roberts announced today deliver on that commitment.Story continuesToday’s announcement marks another milestone for Danone  ahead of the Company’s Capital Market Day on March  8 and 2022 Shareholders’ Meeting on April  26.”APPENDIXDanone Board renewal – ReminderOn July 29  2021  Danone announced the complete renewal of its Board of Directors: all current Directors – with the exception of Gilles Schnepp and the two Directors representing Employees – will be leaving the Board of Directors by the 2023 Shareholders’ Meeting.In the meantime  Danone will propose the election of new  externally-recruited Directors  with the objective of constituting a more independent and compact Board of Directors featuring the right blend of FMCG-experience  capabilities and perspectives.BiographiesPatrice Louvet is President and Chief Executive Officer of Ralph Lauren Corporation. Since joining Ralph Lauren Corporation in 2017  Mr. Louvet has initiated the company’s digital transformation and brand elevation strategy worldwide  step-changed its international and direct-to-consumer retail expansion  while further embedding citizenship and sustainability into the iconic brand’s business. Prior to Ralph Lauren  Mr. Louvet spent nearly three decades in leadership roles across three continents at Procter & Gamble. He led and grew multi-billion-dollar global consumer brands – ranging from Gillette to Pantene and SK-II – across diverse distribution channels and geographies.A French and American national  Mr. Louvet graduated from the École Supérieure de Commerce de Paris  received his MBA from the University of Illinois and served in the French Navy as Naval Officer  Admiral Aide de Camp.He currently serves on the Board of Directors of the Hospital for Special Surgery  the Private Group Bacardi Limited and the National Retail Federation and is on the CEO Advisory Council of the Fashion Pact  a coalition committed to advancing environmental sustainability in the fashion and textile industries.Géraldine Picaud has been Chief Financial Officer of Holcim (then LafargeHolcim) since January 2018. Ms. Picaud joined the Group from Essilor International  a CAC 40-listed ophthalmic optics company  where she was Group CFO. Prior to that  she was CFO of Volcafe Holdings  the coffee business of ED&F Man  an ingredient and commodity company notably specializing in agricultural products  coffee  sugar and animal feed. Prior to that she led the Corporate Finance and M&A function at ED&F Man.Before joining ED&F Man  Ms. Picaud spent thirteen years at international specialty group Safic Alcan  as Head of Business Analysis and as CFO. She started her career with audit firm Arthur Andersen.Ms. Picaud graduated from the Superior School of Commerce of Reims and holds an MBA. She is a non-executive Director at Infineon Technologies AG.Susan B. Roberts  PhD  is a professor of nutrition at the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts  professor of psychiatry and scientific staff member in pediatrics at Tufts University School of Medicine  and co-director of the Tufts Institute for Global Obesity Research.Dr Roberts is an internationally-recognized nutrition researcher who brings advances in nutrition science to support healthy eating and weight management worldwide. As part of her work she is co-leading a consortium of scientists to understand the physiology of the weight-reduced state and co-leads a new International Weight Control Registry which is collaborating with scientists in 19 countries to identifying successful weight management practices in different cultures.She did her PhD training in nutrition at the University of Cambridge  UK  holds UK and Canadian citizenships and is a U.S. permanent resident.Dr Roberts has published over 280 research papers in research journals including the New England Journal of Medicine and JAMA. She has sat on national and international committees for dietary recommendations including a recent congress-mandated evaluation by National Academies of Sciences to improve the process of developing Dietary Guidelines for Americans.About Danone (www.danone.com)Danone is a leading global food and beverage company building on health-focused and fast-growing categories in 3 businesses: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With its ‘One Planet. One Health’ frame of action  which considers the health of people and the planet as intimately interconnected  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices. To accelerate this food revolution and create superior  sustainable  profitable value for all its stakeholders  Danone has defined nine 2030 Goals  and paved the way as the first listed company to adopt the “Entreprise à Mission” status in France. With a purpose to bring health through food to as many people as possible  and corresponding social  societal and environmental objectives set out in its articles of association  Danone commits to operating in an efficient  responsible and inclusive manner  in line with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations. By 2025  Danone aims to become one of the first multinational companies to obtain B Corp™ certification. With more than 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €23.6 billion in sales in 2020. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including AQUA  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Horizon Organic  Mizone  Oikos  Prostokvashino  Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Vigeo Eiris and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Three new Directors', '2022 Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Danone', 'election', 'CAC 40-listed ophthalmic optics company', 'École Supérieure de', 'Admiral Aide de Camp', 'multi-billion-dollar global consumer brands', 'Private Group Bacardi Limited', 'Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'Global Obesity Research', 'Capital Market Day', 'consumer retail expansion', 'diverse distribution channels', 'CEO Advisory Council', 'ED&F Man', 'Infineon Technologies AG', 'scientific staff memb', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Géraldine Picaud', 'three senior executives', 'brand elevation strategy', 'National Retail Federation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Ralph Lauren Corporation', 'M&A function', 'new independent members', 'DANONE Press Release', 'international specialty group', 'Susan B. Roberts', 'Three new Directors', 'Danone Board renewal', 'Consumer Goods', 'M&A.', 'Naval Officer', 'new, externally', 'Ms. Picaud', 'Susan Roberts', 'iconic brand', 'three decades', 'three continents', 'American national', 'complete renewal', 'executive Director', '2022 Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Patrice Louvet', 'Valerie Chapoulaud-Floquet', 'Gilles Schnepp', 'gender parity', 'right blend', '2023 Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Mr. Louvet', 'digital transformation', 'leadership roles', 'Special Surgery', 'textile industries', 'Essilor International', 'Volcafe Holdings', 'commodity company', 'agricultural products', 'animal feed', 'thirteen years', 'Safic Alcan', 'audit firm', 'Arthur Andersen', 'Superior School', 'Friedman School', 'Group CFO', 'Tufts Institute', 'French nationality', 'French Navy', 'Business Analysis', 'Fashion Pact', 'Corporate Finance', 'two Directors', 'current Directors', 'recruited Directors', 'environmental sustainability', 'compact Board', 'Nutrition Science', 'Tufts University', 'coffee business', '12 Directors', 'Paris', 'February', 'election', 'April', 'approval', 'President', 'Holcim', 'PhD', 'professor', 'appointments', 'totality', 'exception', 'Employees', 'July', '80% independence', 'CEOs', 'Chairman', 'decision', 'step', 'experience', 'expertise', 'Health', 'behalf', 'engagement', 'commitment', 'composition', 'capabilities', 'perspectives', 'performance', 'Story', 'announcement', 'milestone', 'March', 'APPENDIX', 'Reminder', 'meantime', 'objective', 'Biographies', 'citizenship', 'Procter', 'Gamble', 'Gillette', 'Pantene', 'SK-II', 'geographies', 'Commerce', 'MBA', 'Illinois', 'Hospital', 'coalition', 'January', 'ingredient', 'sugar', 'Head', 'career', 'Reims', 'Policy', 'psychiatry']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
178,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-commission-income-063000334.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: commission income up 30% and net profit at €143.8 million,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  24 February 2022Net profit surged to € 14 3 .8 million (2020: € 49 .“Creating and preserving financial and natural value across generations is the very essence of what Van Lanschot Kempen is about.In addition  starting this year we’ll be using a single brand – Van Lanschot Kempen – for all our activities  one step at a time.Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737.Van Lanschot Kempen’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”).,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  24 February 2022Net profit surged to € 14 3 .8 million (2020: € 49 . 8 million ) on the back of strong growth in commission income   book profit s on the sale of private equity stakes and the release from loan loss provisionsClient assets grew by 14 % to € 131 . 1 billion and AuM added 13 % to € 112 . 1 billionRecord net AuM inflows at Private Clients of € 3 . 8 billionNet AuM outflows at Wholesale & Institutional Clients of € 4 . 0 billionCapital ratio robust at 23 . 7 % (2020: 24 . 3%)Return on equity up to 15 . 7%Dividend proposed at €2.00 per share (2020: €0.70 per share)Maarten Edixhoven  Chair  said: “2021 was an excellent year for Van Lanschot Kempen  bringing both organic and inorganic growth  strong net profit and a solid capital position. The integration of the Hof Hoorneman Bankiers acquisition and our partnership with Mercier Vanderlinden are making excellent progress.“Creating and preserving financial and natural value across generations is the very essence of what Van Lanschot Kempen is about. Our clients increasingly recognise our sustainable solutions  but we’re aware that we still have big strides to make – and so we’ll be stepping up our activities in this area. In addition  starting this year we’ll be using a single brand – Van Lanschot Kempen – for all our activities  one step at a time. This should further boost our position as an independent  specialist wealth manager in Western Europe.“Over the past few months  I’ve had the privilege of getting to know the organisation  clients and employees  and it’s great to experience entrepreneurial spirit and client focus all across the company. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our clients  employees and shareholders for their confidence  as well as for the warm welcome I’ve received from them.”Client assets and assets under managementIn 2021  client assets grew to €131.1 billion (2020: €115.0 billion). Assets under management (AuM) climbed to €112.1 billion (2020: €99.0 billion) on the back of a market performance of €9.5 billion and Mercier Vanderlinden’s AuM of €3.8 billion. Net inflows at Private Clients were very high at €3.8 billion  whereas Wholesale & Institutional Clients saw net outflows of €4.0 billion. With margins on Private Clients inflows higher than those on outflows at Wholesale & Institutional Clients  the combination made for a significant improvement in management fees  further aided by the positive market performance. Savings and deposits rose to €11.7 billion (2020: €10.1 billion).Story continuesIn 2021  we completed the acquisition of our 70% stake in Belgium-based wealth manager Mercier Vanderlinden. We are very pleased with this new collaboration  as it eminently fits in with our strategy to become a key player in Belgium as an independent specialist wealth manager. Total client assets in Belgium grew to €10.7 billion by the end of 2021. Last year  we also welcomed Hof Hoorneman Bankiers’ employees and clients  according to plan. These clients now have access to our offering of products and services.2021 resultsIn 2021  net results increased to €143.8 million (2020: €49.8 million). Commission income  the core of our income flows  added 30% to €385.5 million  predominantly because of higher recurring commissions. Interest income was stable at €153.6 million (2020: 152.1 million)  underpinned by growth in the loan portfolio and negative interest charged on savings.PERFORMANCE REPORT / PRESENTATION / WEBCASTFor a detailed discussion of Van Lanschot Kempen’s results and balance sheet  please refer to our performance report and presentation on the 2021 full-year results at www.vanlanschotkempen.com/results. In a conference call on 24 February at 9:00 am CET  we will discuss our 2021 full-year results in greater detail. This may be viewed live at www.vanlanschotkempen.com/results and played back at a later date.ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONFor additional information  go to vanlanschotkempen.com/financial.FINANCIAL CALENDAR11 May 2022 Publication of 2022 first-quarter trading update11 May 2022 Capital Markets Day12 May 2022 Retail Investor Day25 May 2022 Annual General Meeting27 May 2022 Ex-dividend date9 June 2022 2021 dividend payment date25 August 2022 Publication of 2022 half-year results4 November 2022 Publication of 2022 third-quarter trading updateMedia Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comImportant legal information and cautionary note on forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements on future events and developments. These forward-looking statements are based on the current insights  information and assumptions of Van Lanschot Kempen’s management about known and unknown risks  developments and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts and are subject to such risks  developments and uncertainties which by their very nature fall outside the control of Van Lanschot Kempen and its management.Actual results  performances and circumstances may differ considerably from these forward-looking statements as a result of risks  developments and uncertainties relating to  but not limited to  (a) estimates of income growth  (b) costs  (c) the macroeconomic and business climate  (d) political and market trends  (e) interest rates and currency exchange rates  (f) behaviour of clients  competitors  investors and counterparties  (g) the implementation of Van Lanschot Kempen’s strategy  (h) actions taken by supervisory and regulatory authorities and private entities  (i) changes in law and taxation  (j) changes in ownership that could affect the future availability of capital  (k) changes in credit ratings and (l) evolution and economic and societal impact of the Covid-19 pandemic.Van Lanschot Kempen cautions that forward-looking statements in this press release are only valid on the specific dates on which they are expressed  and accepts no responsibility or obligation to revise or update any information  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.Van Lanschot Kempen’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards  as adopted by the European Union (“IFRS-EU”). In preparing the financial information in this press release  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2021 Van Lanschot Kempen consolidated annual accounts.The figures in this press release have not been audited separately. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding. Percentages are calculated based on unrounded figures.This press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Elements of this press release contain information about Van Lanschot Kempen NV within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No. 596/2014.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.64,0.35,mixed,0.71,0.16,0.13,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'commission income', 'net profit', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', '2022 third-quarter trading update Media Relations', 'independent, specialist wealth manager', 'independent specialist wealth manager', 'Hof Hoorneman Bankiers acquisition', 'Hof Hoorneman Bankiers’ employees', '25 May 2022 Annual General Meeting', 'Record net AuM inflows', '2022 first-quarter trading update', 'Belgium-based wealth manager', 'higher recurring commissions', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'Capital Markets Day', 'loan loss provisions', 'Retail Investor Day', 'positive market performance', 'solid capital position', 'dividend payment date', 'positive long-term financial', 'strong net profit', 'private equity stakes', 'Total client assets', 'Private Clients inflows', 'Net AuM outflows', 'Investor Relations', 'Net inflows', 'Capital ratio', 'management fees', 'Investment Management', 'net outflows', 'loan portfolio', 'Ex-dividend date', 'long-term focus', 'Private Banking', 'book profit', 'sustainable solutions', 'sustainable way', 'PERFORMANCE REPORT', 'client focus', 'strong growth', 'net results', 'commission income', 'Maarten Edixhoven', 'excellent year', 'Mercier Vanderlinden', 'excellent progress', 'natural value', 'big strides', 'single brand', 'Western Europe', 'entrepreneurial spirit', 'warm welcome', 'significant improvement', 'new collaboration', 'key player', 'income flows', 'Interest income', 'negative interest', 'detailed discussion', 'balance sheet', 'conference call', 'greater detail', 'ADDITIONAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'inorganic growth', 'Institutional Clients', '2021 full-year results', '2022 half-year results', '12 May', '27 May', '2021 results', 'Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', 'Netherlands', '24 February', 'back', 'sale', 'release', 'billion', 'Return', 'share', 'Chair', 'integration', 'partnership', 'generations', 'essence', 'activities', 'area', 'one', 'time', 'past', 'months', 'privilege', 'organisation', 'company', 'opportunity', 'confidence', 'margins', 'combination', 'Savings', 'deposits', 'Story', '70% stake', 'strategy', 'plan', 'access', 'offering', 'products', 'services', 'core', 'PRESENTATION', 'WEBCAST', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'CET', 'Publication', '9 June', '25 August', '4 November', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'society', 'stakeholders', '9:00']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
179,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220222006058/en/R%C3%A9my-Cointreau-Leading-Sustainable-Champagne-House-Telmont-Adds-New-Investor,Rémy Cointreau: Leading Sustainable Champagne House Telmont Adds New Investor,"Au Nom de la Terre  ""In the Name of Mother Nature "" is at the heart of Champagne Telmont.As a company  Champagne Telmont is committed to creating the most sustainable  organic champagne  and is heavily focused on preserving their land and its biodiversity.Champagne Telmont has adopted a pioneering  multi-pronged approach to achieve these ambitious goals.About Maison TelmontFounded in 1912  the Telmont Champagne House is located in Damery  near Épernay  France.The Rémy Cointreau Group identified with the values of the House and purchased a majority share in October 2020.","PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Rémy Cointreau (Paris:RCO):Champagne Telmont today announced that actor and environmentalist  Leonardo DiCaprio  has come on board as an investor in the company. Au Nom de la Terre  ""In the Name of Mother Nature "" is at the heart of Champagne Telmont. As a company  Champagne Telmont is committed to creating the most sustainable  organic champagne  and is heavily focused on preserving their land and its biodiversity.Champagne Telmont has adopted a pioneering  multi-pronged approach to achieve these ambitious goals. It aims to convert its entire vineyard to 100% organic agriculture by 2025 and assist its partner growers with the full conversion of their vines by 2031. This initiative constitutes a major breakthrough for Champagne  where today less than 4% of the vineyard is certified organic. This transformation entails renouncing the use of all herbicides  pesticides and chemical fertilizers.The House is also strongly committed to protecting biodiversity in its estate and is acting on all fronts to reduce its environmental footprint. Since June 2021  Telmont has banned gift boxes with the belief that the best packaging is no packaging. The House also ceased buying clear bottles  made from 0% recycled glass  to rely solely on classic green champagne bottles made from 85% recycled glass.Telmont uses 100% renewable electricity and has totally eliminated air freight for its supply and distribution and will select transporters according to their CSR score. Finally  the house has made transparency the corner stone of its environmental program ‘In the Name of Mother Nature’ and to that end  each bottle is individually numbered and showcases on the front label the detailed composition and production methods of the wine inside.“I am delighted to welcome Leonardo DiCaprio to our beautiful House. He carries  with its own aura  a commitment  and values at the service of sustainable and responsible development. These values  which are also ours  are perfectly reflected in our attachment to the terroir and in our ambitions. The House of Telmont can rely on the know-how of its teams  the support of the Rémy Cointreau Group and now the strong commitment of our new partner”  said Eric Vallat  CEO of Rémy Cointreau“Champagne Telmont  together with its partner wine-growers  has set its sights on producing 100% organic champagne  ensuring a completely sustainable production lifecycle in the coming years. From protecting biodiversity on its land  to using 100% renewable electricity  Champagne Telmont is determined to radically lower its environmental footprint  making me proud to join as an investor”  said Leonardo DiCaprio.""Leonardo DiCaprio’s decision to become a shareholder sends Telmont a strong message of support that will encourage us as we carry out our ambitious plans. We share the same convictions and the same commitment to protecting the environment. The House has one foot in tradition and the other in modernity  but both firmly rooted in the terroir! We aim to act in the name of Mother Nature in everything we do”  said Ludovic du Plessis  Chairman & Shareholder of Champagne Telmont.About Rémy CointreauAll around the world  there are clients seeking exceptional experiences; clients for whom a wide range of terroirs means a variety of flavors. Their exacting standards are proportional to our expertise – the finely-honed skills that we pass down from generation to generation. The time these clients devote to drinking our products is a tribute to all those who have worked to develop them. It is for these men and women that Rémy Cointreau  a family-owned French Group  protects its terroirs  cultivates exceptional multi-centenary spirits and undertakes to preserve their eternal modernity. The Group’s portfolio includes 14 singular brands  such as the Rémy Martin and Louis XIII cognacs  and Cointreau liqueur. Rémy Cointreau has a single ambition: becoming the world leader in exceptional spirits. To this end  it relies on the commitment and creativity of its 1 850 employees and on its distribution subsidiaries established in the Group’s strategic markets. Rémy Cointreau is listed on Euronext Paris.About Maison TelmontFounded in 1912  the Telmont Champagne House is located in Damery  near Épernay  France. Created in the wake of the champagne riots by Henri Lhôpital  a brave local winegrower  the House remains familial and visionary: Bertrand Lhôpital  Cellar Master and Head of Viticulture of the Telmont House  today represents the fourth generation. Unfailing commitment to the respect of its terroir has led the House to embrace a highly demanding environmental approach. In 2017  it earned its first AB Certification (organic agriculture) for part of its vineyard – the result of a labour of love and patience  proving once more the House’s vow to preserving the environment. The Rémy Cointreau Group identified with the values of the House and purchased a majority share in October 2020. The House embodies a unique style: our champagnes are ethereal yet structured  balanced between tension and freshness - a perfect harmony. Champagne Telmont enables the terroir to express itself through its wines  employing its know-how to help reveal the various facets of nature.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Leading Sustainable Champagne House', 'Rémy Cointreau', 'New Investor', 'Telmont', 'The Rémy Cointreau Group', 'classic green champagne bottles', 'Rémy Martin', 'pioneering, multi-pronged approach', 'Ludovic du Plessis', 'family-owned French Group', 'Louis XIII cognacs', 'Henri Lhôpital', 'brave local winegrower', 'Bertrand Lhôpital', 'first AB Certification', 'demanding environmental approach', 'sustainable production lifecycle', 'exceptional multi-centenary spirits', 'sustainable, organic champagne', 'Telmont Champagne House', 'The Group', 'Cointreau liqueur', 'clear bottles', 'exceptional spirits', 'production methods', '100% organic champagne', 'exceptional experiences', '100% organic agriculture', 'environmental footprint', 'environmental program', 'champagne riots', 'The House', 'Champagne Telmont', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Leonardo DiCaprio', 'Mother Nature', 'ambitious goals', 'partner growers', 'full conversion', 'major breakthrough', 'chemical fertilizers', 'gift boxes', '0% recycled glass', '85% recycled glass', '100% renewable electricity', 'air freight', 'CSR score', 'corner stone', 'front label', 'detailed composition', 'responsible development', 'new partner', 'Eric Vallat', 'partner wine-growers', 'coming years', 'strong message', 'ambitious plans', 'same convictions', 'one foot', 'wide range', 'exacting standards', 'honed skills', '14 singular brands', 'single ambition', 'strategic markets', 'Cellar Master', 'majority share', 'unique style', 'Maison Telmont', 'beautiful House', 'strong commitment', 'same commitment', 'Unfailing commitment', 'best packaging', 'eternal modernity', 'world leader', 'distribution subsidiaries', 'Telmont House', 'entire vineyard', 'Euronext Paris', 'fourth generation', 'RCO', 'actor', 'environmentalist', 'board', 'investor', 'company', 'Nom', 'Terre', 'Name', 'heart', 'land', 'biodiversity', 'vines', 'initiative', 'transformation', 'herbicides', 'pesticides', 'estate', 'fronts', 'June', 'belief', 'supply', 'transporters', 'transparency', 'end', 'aura', 'values', 'service', 'attachment', 'terroir', 'ambitions', 'know-how', 'teams', 'support', 'CEO', 'sights', 'decision', 'shareholder', 'tradition', 'everything', 'Chairman', 'clients', 'variety', 'flavors', 'expertise', 'time', 'products', 'tribute', 'women', 'portfolio', 'creativity', '1,850 employees', 'Damery', 'Épernay', 'France', 'wake', 'Head', 'Viticulture', 'respect', 'result', 'labour', 'love', 'patience', 'vow', 'October', 'champagnes', 'tensi']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,businesswire.com
180,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/spotlight-is-on-limerick-plant-as-international-sanctions-target-russian-oligarchs-41378944.html,Spotlight is on Limerick plant as international sanctions target Russian oligarchs,Photo: Reuters/Kevin LamarqueAughinish Alumina on the Shannon Estusry in Co LimerickInternational sanctions targeting Russian banks  bonds and oligarchs have shone a spotlight on the Aughinish Alumina refinery in Co Limerick.The plant in Askeaton  near the Shannon Estuary  has been owned by Russian metals giant Rusal since 2007 and employs over 450 people.But EU officials told their US counterparts in 2020 that Mr Deripaska  who is close to Russian President Vladimir Putin  continued to exert day-to-day control over both firms  in violation of the sanctions deal.This week’s co-ordinated sanctions by the EU  US  UK  Canada  Japan and Australia have targeted politicians and oligarchs linked to the breakaway regions of Donetsk and Luhansk.An EU travel ban and asset freeze will hit 27 individuals including Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu.,US President Joe Biden is reportedly ready to sanction more elites close to Vladimir Putin. Photo: Reuters/Kevin LamarqueAughinish Alumina on the Shannon Estusry in Co LimerickInternational sanctions targeting Russian banks  bonds and oligarchs have shone a spotlight on the Aughinish Alumina refinery in Co Limerick.The plant in Askeaton  near the Shannon Estuary  has been owned by Russian metals giant Rusal since 2007 and employs over 450 people.Rusal and its parent company En+ were targeted by US sanctions in 2018 but were eventually removed from the list after billionaire owner Oleg Deripaska divested himself of his majority stake in both.But EU officials told their US counterparts in 2020 that Mr Deripaska  who is close to Russian President Vladimir Putin  continued to exert day-to-day control over both firms  in violation of the sanctions deal.This week’s co-ordinated sanctions by the EU  US  UK  Canada  Japan and Australia have targeted politicians and oligarchs linked to the breakaway regions of Donetsk and Luhansk.An EU travel ban and asset freeze will hit 27 individuals including Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu.Read MoreThe US targeted former Russian prime minister Sergei Kiriyenko  while the UK has hit billionaires Gennady Timchenko and Boris and Igor Rotenberg  who were already under US sanctions.Read MoreNeither Mr Deripaska nor Rusal have been named but tensions escalated yesterday as Ukraine declared a state of emergency and Russian politicians approved the use of troops abroad.European Commission vice-president Valdis Dombrovskis told Reuters that the bloc is ready to impose export controls if Russian troops move beyond Donetsk and Luhansk.US President Joe Biden is reportedly ready to sanction more elites close to Mr Putin.Aughinish Alumina is Europe’s largest alumina refinery and accounted for a quarter of Rusal’s total alumina production at the end of 2021.Ireland exported more than €70m worth of aluminium ores  including alumina  to Russia in the final three months of 2021.Alumina is a key ingredient in aluminium  which is used in the manufacture of TVs  smartphones and laptops.Aluminium prices surged to near record highs on Tuesday  while Rusal shares plummeted by as much as 22pc in Hong Kong trading.Sean Casey  head of energy and infrastructure at advisory firm EY  said the latest round of measures has “the potential to further disrupt commodity markets”.Meanwhile  Irish-based financing for Russian companies could be next in line for sanctions after Washington and Brussels tightened restrictions on the country’s sovereign debt this week.Western investors will effectively be blocked from trading in Russian sovereign bonds from next week after the US and EU governments banned participation in secondary markets for the securities.The next logical step would be to cut off alternative sources of income for the Russian government by clamping down on corporate funding on Western markets that could be diverted to Moscow.That would put numerous Russian-backed Irish-listed debt issuers in the frame  as Dublin is a leading listing venue for both bonds and funds.According to research conducted by Jim Stewart of the Dublin-based Think-tank for Action on Social Change  there are more than 100 Russian-linked financial firms operating in the IFSC responsible for raising billions every year.Russian retail bank Sovcom just last week registered a new fundraising vehicle for issuing up to $5bn (€4.4bn) in new bonds over the next five years to finance operations in its home market.The bank is mainly owned by several wealthy Russian businessmen.Any ban on primary market dealing in Russian corporate bonds would force Euronext  which owns and operates the Irish Stock Exchange  to either revoke its authorisation or prevent it from operating as normal.The stock exchange company declined to comment.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.09,0.14,0.77,True,English,"['Limerick plant', 'international sanctions', 'Russian oligarchs', 'Spotlight', 'former Russian prime minister Sergei Kiriyenko', 'Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu', 'numerous Russian-backed Irish-listed debt issuers', 'several wealthy Russian businessmen', 'US President Joe Biden', 'Russian metals giant Rusal', 'Russian President Vladimir Putin', 'European Commission vice-president', 'final three months', 'leading listing venue', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'next logical step', 'next five years', 'new fundraising vehicle', 'primary market dealing', 'stock exchange company', 'Russian retail bank', 'largest alumina refinery', 'total alumina production', 'Hong Kong trading', '100 Russian-linked financial firms', 'Russian sovereign bonds', 'Russian corporate bonds', 'Aughinish Alumina refinery', 'EU travel ban', 'sovereign debt', 'Russian banks', 'Russian companies', 'Russian government', 'Russian politicians', 'Russian troops', 'Mr Putin.', 'next week', 'parent company', 'corporate funding', 'new bonds', 'home market', 'US counterparts', 'The US', 'US sanctions', 'Reuters/Kevin Lamarque', 'Shannon Estusry', 'Co Limerick', 'Shannon Estuary', 'billionaire owner', 'Oleg Deripaska', 'majority stake', 'EU officials', 'Mr Deripaska', 'day control', 'breakaway regions', 'asset freeze', 'Gennady Timchenko', 'Igor Rotenberg', 'Valdis Dombrovskis', 'export controls', '€70m worth', 'key ingredient', 'record highs', 'Sean Casey', 'advisory firm', 'latest round', 'commodity markets', 'Irish-based financing', 'Western investors', 'EU governments', 'secondary markets', 'alternative sources', 'Western markets', 'Jim Stewart', 'Dublin-based Think-tank', 'Social Change', 'International sanctions', 'sanctions deal', 'ordinated sanctions', 'Rusal shares', 'aluminium ores', 'Aluminium prices', 'elites', 'Photo', 'oligarchs', 'spotlight', 'plant', 'Askeaton', '450 people', 'En+', 'violation', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Donetsk', 'Luhansk', '27 individuals', 'billionaires', 'Boris', 'tensions', 'state', 'emergency', 'use', 'bloc', 'quarter', 'end', 'Ireland', 'manufacture', 'TVs', 'smartphones', 'laptops', 'Tuesday', '22pc', 'head', 'energy', 'infrastructure', 'measures', 'potential', 'line', 'Washington', 'Brussels', 'restrictions', 'country', 'participation', 'securities', 'income', 'Moscow', 'frame', 'funds', 'research', 'Action', 'IFSC', 'billions', 'Sovcom', 'operations', 'Euronext', 'authorisation', '2021']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,independent.ie
181,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wolters-kluwer-2021-full-report-070000685.html,Wolters Kluwer 2021 Full-Year Report,Wolters Kluwer 2021 Full-Year ReportFebruary 23  2022 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today releases its full-year 2021 results.We currently expect that restructuring costs will increase to our normal range of €10-€15 million (FY 2021: €6 million).Capital expenditure is expected to be within our normal range of 5.0%-6.0% of total revenues (FY 2021: 5.0%).Net capital expenditure increased to €239 million (FY 2020: €231 million)  remaining at 5.0% of revenues (FY 2020: 5.0%).Dividends paid to shareholders amounted to €373 million (FY 2020: €334 million)  while share repurchases totaled €410 million (FY 2020: €350 million).,Wolters Kluwer 2021 Full-Year ReportFebruary 23  2022 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today releases its full-year 2021 results.HighlightsRevenues € 4   771 million  up 6 % in constant currencies and up 6 % organically. Recurring revenues up 6% organically (80% of total revenues); non-recurring up 6% organically. Digital & services revenues up 7% organically (92% of total revenues); print down 4% organically. Expert solutions revenues up 6% organically (55% of total revenues).Adjusted operating profit € 1  2 0 5 million  up 1 1 % in constant currencies . Adjusted operating profit margin up 90 basis points to 25.3%. Margin benefitted from operational gearing  lower restructuring costs  net positive one-time items  and savings on travel and other expenses curtailed during the pandemic.Diluted adjusted EPS € 3 . 38   up 1 7 % in constant currencies   partly reflecting a lower tax rate .Adjusted free cash flow € 1 01 0 million  up 1 5 % in constant currencies.Balance sheet remains strong: n et - debt - to - EBITDA 1. 4 x .R eturn on invested capital improved to 1 3 . 7 % .Proposed 2021 total dividend : € 1 . 5 7 per share   an increase of 15% .S hare b uyback s: completed €410 million in 2021 ; i ntend to repurchase u p to € 6 0 0 million in 2022 (of which €50 million already completed ).Outlook 2022: expect good organic growth and improved adjusted operating profit margin  with the increase in adjusted diluted EPS to be dampened by a return to our historical tax rate.Full -Year Report of the Executive BoardNancy McKinstry  CEO and Chair of the Executive Board  commented: “Accelerated organic growth in recurring digital and services revenues combined with a recovery in non-recurring revenue streams produced strong results. We remained focused on employees and customers during this second year of the pandemic and made progress on key sustainability goals. Our new three-year strategy  Elevate our Value  builds on the previous plan and strengthens our focus on cloud-based expert solutions.”Story continuesKey Figures – Year ended December 31 € million (unless otherwise stated) 2021 2020 ? ? CC ? OG Business performance – benchmark figures Revenues 4 771 4 603 +4% +6% +6% Adjusted operating profit 1 205 1 124 +7% +11% +10% Adjusted operating profit margin 25.3% 24.4% Adjusted net profit 885 835 +6% +15% Diluted adjusted EPS (€) 3.38 3.13 +8% +17% Adjusted free cash flow 1 010 907 +11% +15% Return on invested capital (ROIC) 13.7% 12.3% Net debt 2 131 2 383 -11% IFRS reported results Revenues 4 771 4 603 +4% Operating profit 1 012 972 +4% Profit for the year 728 721 +1% Diluted EPS (€) 2.78 2.70 +3% Net cash from operating activities 1 292 1 197 +8% ?: % Change; ? CC: % Change in constant currencies (€/$ 1.14); ? OG: % Organic growth. Benchmark figures are performance measures used by management. See Note 3 for a reconciliation from IFRS to benchmark figures.Full-Year 202 2 OutlookOur specific guidance for FY2022 adjusted operating profit margin  adjusted free cash flow  return on invested capital (ROIC)  and diluted adjusted EPS is provided below. We expect good organic growth  albeit slower than in 2021 due to challenging comparables starting in the second quarter. We expect the adjusted operating profit margin to ease in the first half but to rise for the full year 2022. We expect growth in diluted adjusted EPS to be dampened by a return to our historical tax rate.Full-Year 2022 Outlook Performance indicators 2022 Guidance 2021 Adjusted operating profit margin 25.5%- 26.0% 25.3% Adjusted free cash flow €1 025-1 075 million €1 010 million ROIC Around 14% 13.7% Diluted adjusted EPS Mid-single-digit growth €3.38 Guidance for adjusted operating profit margin and ROIC is in reported currencies and assumes an average EUR/USD rate in 2022 of €/$1.13. Guidance for adjusted free cash flow and diluted adjusted EPS is in constant currencies (€/$ 1.18). Guidance reflects share repurchases for up to €600 million in 2022.If current exchange rates persist  the U.S. dollar rate will have a positive effect on 2022 results reported in euros. In 2021  Wolters Kluwer generated more than 60% of its revenues and adjusted operating profit in North America. As a rule of thumb  based on our 2021 currency profile  each 1 U.S. cent move in the average €/$ exchange rate for the year causes an opposite change of approximately 2 euro cents in diluted adjusted EPS1.We include restructuring costs in adjusted operating profit. We currently expect that restructuring costs will increase to our normal range of €10-€15 million (FY 2021: €6 million). We expect adjusted net financing costs of approximately €65 million in constant currencies2  including lease interest charges. We expect the benchmark tax rate on adjusted pre-tax profits to increase to approximately 23.0%-24.0% (FY 2021: 21.5%). Capital expenditure is expected to be within our normal range of 5.0%-6.0% of total revenues (FY 2021: 5.0%). We expect the full-year cash conversion ratio to be in the range of 100%-105% (FY 2021: 112%)3. See Note 3 for the calculation of our cash conversion ratio.Any guidance we provide assumes no additional significant change to the scope of operations. We may make further acquisitions or disposals which can be dilutive to margins and earnings in the near term.2022 Outlook by DivisionHealth: We expect organic growth to slow from 2021 levels  mainly due to the absence of a contract win of the size of the ASCO titles. We expect the adjusted operating profit margin to improve modestly.Tax & Accounting: We expect organic growth to improve slightly from 2021 levels and the adjusted operating profit margin to improve.Governance  Risk & Compliance: We expect organic growth to slow from 2021 levels  due to slower growth in transactional revenues. We expect the adjusted operating profit margin to improve.Legal & Regulatory: We expect organic growth to be in line with 2021. The adjusted operating profit margin is expected to decline due to the absence of the one-off pension amendment recorded in 2021.Our Mission  Business Model and Strateg yOur mission is to empower our professional customers with the information  software solutions  and services they need to make critical decisions  achieve successful outcomes  and save time. We support professionals across four main customer segments: health; tax & accounting; governance  risk & compliance; and legal & regulatory. Every day  our customers face the challenge of increasing proliferation and complexity of information and the pressure to deliver better outcomes at a lower cost. Many of our customers are looking for mobility  flexibility  intuitive interfaces  and integrated open architecture technology to support their decision-making. We aim to solve their problems and add value to their workflow with our range of digital solutions and services  which we continuously evolve to meet their changing needs.Our expert solutions combine deep domain knowledge with technology to deliver both content and workflow automation to drive improved outcomes and productivity for our customers. Expert solutions  which include nearly all of our software products and certain advanced information solutions  accounted for 55% of total revenues in 2021 (FY 2020: 54%). Based on revenues  our largest expert solutions by division are:Health : global clinical decision support tool UpToDate; clinical drug databases Medi-Span and Lexicomp; and Lippincott nursing solutions for practice and learning.Tax & Accounting : global corporate performance solution CCH Tagetik (now including Vanguard Software); global corporate internal audit platform TeamMate; professional tax and accounting software  including CCH ProSystem fx and CCH Axcess in North America and similar software for professionals across Europe.Governance  Risk & Compliance : finance  risk  and regulatory reporting suite OneSumX; banking compliance solutions ComplianceOne  Expere  eOriginal  and Gainskeeper; and enterprise legal management software Passport and TyMetrix.Legal & Regulatory: global EHS/ORM4 suite Enablon  and our range of workflow solutions for European legal professionals  including Kleos and Legisway.Business modelOur business model is primarily based on subscriptions  software maintenance  and other recurring revenues (80% of total revenues in 2021)  augmented by implementation services and license fees as well as volume-based transactional or other non-recurring revenues. Renewal rates for our recurring digital information  software  and service revenues are high and are one of the key indicators by which we measure our success. Product innovation is a key driver of growth. For the past eighteen years  we have re-invested 8%-10% of our revenues each year (including capital expenditures) in developing new and enhanced products and their supporting technology platforms.More than half of our operating costs relate to our employees  who create  develop  maintain  sell  implement  and support our solutions on behalf of our customers. Our technology architecture is increasingly based on globally scalable platforms that use standardized components. An increasing proportion of our solutions is built cloud-first. Many of our solutions incorporate advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence  natural language processing  robotic process automation  and predictive analytics. Our development teams use customer-centric  contextual design and develop solutions based on the scaled agile framework. Our solutions are sold by our own sales teams or through selected distribution partners.StrategyThe foundation laid over the past many years has driven improved organic growth and operating margins and helped us navigate the challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we were briefly diverted from our financial trajectory in 2020 due to the pandemic  the recovery seen in 2021 allowed us to meet nearly all of the financial goals set for the most recent strategic plan (2019-2021). We grew expert solutions from 49% of total revenues in 2018 to 55% of total revenues in 2021  primarily through organic growth. The acquisitions of CGE  XCM Solutions  Vanguard Software  and eOriginal  and the divestment of several non-core assets also helped to enhance our focus on expert solutions. We made progress on enriching several of our information products and are now starting to launch the early results of that effort. We also made progress on our third goal  which was to drive operational agility  by completing several major internal projects  such as the introduction of a modernized global HR system in 2019  the consolidation of 280 customer-facing websites into a single global site in 2021  and the implementation of CCH Tagetik as our new corporate performance management tool in 2021.Strategic priorities 2022-2024In the past two years  we have seen key market trends accelerate: increased digitization of professional and corporate workflows  accelerated transition to cloud-based solutions  and growing importance of ecosystems. In response  we have refined our strategy for the next three years. The three strategic priorities for 2022-2024 are:Accelerate Expert Solutions : we intend to focus our investments on cloud-based expert solutions while continuing to transform selected digital information products into expert solutions. We will invest to enrich the customer experience of our products by leveraging advanced data analytics.Expand Our Reach : we will seek to extend organically into high-growth adjacencies along our customer workflows and adapt our existing products for new customer segments. We plan to further develop partnerships and ecosystems for our key software platforms.Evolve Core Capabilities: we intend to enhance our central functions to drive excellence and scale economies  mainly in sales and marketing (go-to-market) and in technology. We plan to advance our environmental  social and governance (ESG) performance and capabilities and to continue investing in diverse and engaged talent to support innovation and growth.We expect this strategy to support good organic growth and improved margins and returns over the coming three years. While the strategy remains centered on organic growth  we may make selected acquisitions and non-core disposals to enhance our value and market positions. Acquisitions must fit our strategy  strengthen  or extend our existing business  be accretive to diluted adjusted EPS in their first full year and  when integrated  deliver a return on invested capital above our weighted average cost of capital (8%) within three to five years. We expect that group-wide product development spend will remain at approximately 10% of total revenues in the next three years.Our strategy aims to achieve high levels of customer satisfaction and an engaged  talented and diverse workforce  to maintain strong corporate governance and secure systems  and to drive efficient operations that meet environmentally-sound practices. Two key strategic ESG goals for the coming three years are to drive an improvement in our belonging score and to start aligning our reporting with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).COVID-19 ImpactThroughout 2021  we monitored the effects of the global pandemic on our employees and other stakeholders. Programs to safeguard employees  support customers  and ensure business continuity remained active all year. The vast majority of Wolters Kluwer employees (90%-95%) continued to work from home during the year.Financial Policy   Capital Allocation   Net Debt   and LiquidityWolters Kluwer uses its free cash flow to invest in the business organically and through acquisitions  to maintain optimal leverage  and to provide returns to shareholders. We regularly assess our financial position and evaluate the appropriate level of debt in view of our expectations for cash flow  investment plans  interest rates  and capital market conditions. While we may temporarily deviate from our leverage target  we continue to believe that  in the longer run  a net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 2.5x remains appropriate for our business given the high proportion of recurring revenues and resilient cash flows.Dividend Policy and Proposed Final Dividend 2021Wolters Kluwer remains committed to a progressive dividend policy  under which we aim to increase the dividend per share in euros each year  independent of currency fluctuations. The payout ratio5 can vary from year to year. Proposed annual increases in the dividend per share take into account our ?nancial performance  market conditions  and our need for ?nancial ?exibility. The policy takes into consideration the characteristics of our business  our expectations for future cash ?ows  and our plans for organic investment in innovation and productivity  or for acquisitions. We balance these factors with the objective of maintaining a strong balance sheet.At the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders  we will propose a final dividend of €1.03  which would result in a total dividend over the 2021 financial year of €1.57  an increase of 15%. The dividend will be paid in cash. Shareholders can choose to reinvest both interim and ?nal dividends by purchasing additional Wolters Kluwer shares through the Dividend Reinvestment Plan (DRIP) administered by ABN AMRO Bank N.V.Share Buybacks 2021 and 2022As a matter of policy since 2012  Wolters Kluwer will offset the dilution caused by our annual incentive share issuance with share repurchases (Anti-Dilution Policy). In addition  from time to time when appropriate  we return capital to shareholders through share buyback programs. When implementing share buyback programs  we consider our ?nancial position  equity market conditions  the long-term prospects of the company  and our short-term and long-term investment plans. Shares repurchased by the company are added to and held as treasury shares and are either cancelled or utilized to meet future obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.During 2021  we spent €410 million on share buybacks  comprising 5.0 million shares at an average price of €82.62. This amount included €60 million of the net after-tax proceeds from the divestment of our U.S. legal education business. During the year  0.7 million treasury shares were released in respect of share-based incentive plans  leading to a net repurchase of 4.3 million shares in 2021.Today  we are announcing our intention to spend up to €600 million on share repurchases during 2022  including repurchases to offset incentive share issuances. Of this  €50 million has already been completed in the period from January 3  2022  up to and including February 21  2022.Assuming global economic conditions do not deteriorate substantially  we believe this level of share buybacks leaves us with ample headroom to support our dividend plans  to sustain organic investment  and to make selective acquisitions. The share repurchases may be suspended  discontinued  or modified at any time.For the period February 25  2022  up to and including May 2  2022  we have engaged a third party to execute €120 million in share buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association. The maximum number of shares which may be acquired will not exceed the authorization granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders. Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet future obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Net Debt  Leverage  and Liquidity PositionNet debt at December 31  2021  was €2 131 million  compared to €2 383 million at December 31  2020. Included in net debt were €331 million of lease liabilities. The net-debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.4x (YE 2020: 1.7x).On March 30  2021  we issued a new €500 million  7-year senior unsecured Eurobond with a coupon of 0.25%. The new bond provides financing at an attractive rate and has extended the company’s debt maturity profile. The proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes.In July 2021  we agreed to a one-year extension of our €600 million multi-currency credit facility. This facility will therefore now mature in 2024 and still includes a further one-year extension option. The relevant terms and conditions remain unchanged. Simultaneously  we executed a sustainability-linked option that was available under this facility  in order to reinforce our ESG ambitions by embedding them into our financing. Four ESG key performance indicators  along with an ESG-linked pricing mechanism  were agreed  making the facility a sustainability-linked credit facility. This facility is currently undrawn. We remain comfortably below the debt covenant on this credit facility.Our liquidity position remains strong with  as of December 31  2021  net cash available of €992 million6.Full -Year 20 2 1 ResultsBenchmark FiguresGroup revenues were €4 771 million  up 4% overall and up 6% in constant currencies. For the group  the effect of acquisitions was largely offset by the effect of divestments. Organic growth was 6%  marking a clear recovery on the prior year (FY 2020: 2%). Excluding revenues associated with the PPP7  organic growth was also 6% (FY 2020: 1%).All geographic regions experienced a recovery in organic growth. Revenues from North America  which accounted for 62% of group revenues  grew 7% organically (FY 2020: 2%). Revenues from Europe  31% of total revenues  increased 4% organically (FY 2020: 2%). Revenues from Asia Pacific and Rest of World  7% of total revenues  grew 3% on an organic basis (FY 2020: 4% organic decline).Adjusted operating profit was €1 205 million (FY 2020: €1 124 million)  an increase of 11% in constant currencies and 10% underlying. The adjusted operating profit margin increased 90 basis points to 25.3% (FY 2020: 24.4%)  benefitting from operational gearing  lower restructuring costs  net positive one-time items (mainly an €11 million positive one-time item related to an amendment to the Netherlands pension fund)  and cost savings related to low levels of travel and in-person events activity curtailed as a result of the pandemic.Restructuring costs  included in adjusted operating profit  were €6 million  significantly lower than in the prior year (FY 2020: €49 million). Investments in product development were maintained at high levels  while investment in sales and marketing and technology infrastructure was increased.Our share of profits of associates  net of tax  was €1 million (FY 2020: €6 million); the prior period included a one-time higher result related to Logical Images which was divested in May 2020. Adjusted net financing costs increased to €78 million (FY 2020: €46 million) mainly due to a €15 million net foreign exchange loss on the translation of intercompany balances compared to a €24 million net foreign exchange gain in 2020. The translation of intercompany balances was impacted by the movement in the €/$ exchange rate from 1.23 on December 31  2020  to 1.13 on December 31  2021.Adjusted profit before tax was €1 128 million (FY 2020: €1 084 million)  up 12% in constant currencies. The benchmark tax rate on adjusted profit before tax was 21.5% (FY 2020: 23.0%)  reflecting a one-time release of tax contingencies following the closure of tax audits. Adjusted net profit was €885 million (FY 2020: €835 million)  an increase of 15% in constant currencies.Diluted adjusted EPS was €3.38 (FY 2020: €3.13)  up 17% in constant currencies  reflecting the increase in adjusted net profit  a lower tax rate  and a 2% reduction in the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding to 261.8 million (FY 2020: 266.6 million).IFRS Reported FiguresReported operating profit increased 4% to €1 012 million (FY 2020: €972 million)  reflecting the increase in adjusted operating profit partly offset by a net €33 million impairment of acquired identifiable intangible assets. Reported financing results amounted to a net cost of €84 million (FY 2020: €41 million).The reported effective tax rate decreased to 21.6% (FY 2020: 23.1%)  reflecting the one-time release of contingencies mentioned above. Total profit for the year increased 1% to €728 million (FY 2020: €721 million) and diluted earnings per share increased 3% to €2.78 (FY 2020: €2.70).Cash FlowAdjusted operating cash flow was €1 348 million (FY 2020: €1 145 million)  up 20% in constant currencies. The cash conversion ratio increased to 112% (FY 2020: 102%)  due to substantially higher working capital inflows compared to the prior year.Amortization and impairment of internally developed software and depreciation of property  plant  and equipment amounted to €237 million  up 8% in constant currencies (FY 2020: €223 million)  due largely to accelerated depreciation following a reassessment of useful lives. Depreciation and impairment of right-of-use assets declined to €72 million (FY 2020: €75 million). Net capital expenditure increased to €239 million (FY 2020: €231 million)  remaining at 5.0% of revenues (FY 2020: 5.0%). Cash payments related to leases  including €9 million of lease interest paid  declined to €77 million (FY 2020: €85 million)  due to reduced real estate footprint. Working capital inflows were €150 million (FY 2020: €39 million inflow) driven by organic revenue growth and improved collections on receivables and a reduction in days sales outstanding.Net interest paid  excluding lease interest paid  increased to €57 million (FY 2020: €54 million). Corporate income tax paid increased to €277 million (FY 2020: €221 million)  due to the timing of tax payments and higher taxable income. Restructuring led to a net cash outflow of €33 million  largely reflecting cash appropriation of provisions.As a result  adjusted free cash flow was €1 010 million (FY 2020: €907 million)  up 11% overall and up 15% in constant currencies.Total acquisition spending  net of cash acquired and including €5 million in transaction costs  was €113 million (FY 2020: €406 million)  mainly relating to the acquisitions of Vanguard Software in Tax & Accounting (€93 million) and LicenseLogix in Governance Risk & Compliance (€11 million). On a pro-forma basis  these acquisitions generated revenues of €19 million in 2021  of which €9 million was consolidated in 2021. Earnouts or deferred payments on acquisitions were €0 million in 2021 (FY 2020: €6 million).Divestment proceeds  net of cash disposed and transaction costs  were €68 million (FY 2020: €48 million) and related primarily to the divestment of the U.S. legal education assets. See Note 6 for more details.Dividends paid to shareholders amounted to €373 million (FY 2020: €334 million)  while share repurchases totaled €410 million (FY 2020: €350 million).ESG Highlights 202 1 8Our strategy aims to deliver high levels of customer satisfaction and impactful products and services  while nurturing an engaged  talented  and diverse workforce  and ensuring strong corporate governance  secure systems  and efficient and environmentally-friendly operations. In 2021  we made progress on important environmental  social  and governance (ESG) initiatives.Following the completion of our first global  all-employee survey of diversity  equity  and inclusion  we established a baseline quantitative score for belonging in 2021. Belonging measures the extent to which employees believe they can bring their authentic selves to work and be accepted for who they are. We have developed plans to increase our belonging score which is currently in line with the average for global companies.In 2021  our employee engagement score was 74%  still above the high-performing norm (HPN)  an independent benchmark of leading global companies. The vast majority of employees continued to work from home during 2021 and efforts to support employees were maintained at high levels.We commenced a project to assess our complete greenhouse gas footprint (including scope 3 emissions) with the ultimate goal of aligning our practices and reporting with the guidelines recommended by the Task Force on Climate-related Disclosures. During 2021  we made significant progress with our real estate rationalization program  delivering a 7% organic reduction in our office footprint (m2). Our cloud migration and on-premise server decommissioning program ended the year ahead of plan as the opportunity arose to accelerate the closure of several larger data centers. The migration of applications from on-premise servers to more energy-efficient cloud platforms results in better capacity utilization and a net reduction in carbon emissions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Financial CalendarMarch 9  2022 Publication of 2021 Annual Report and ESG Data OverviewApril 21  2022 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersApril 25  2022 Ex-dividend date: 2021 final dividendApril 26  2022 Record date: 2021 final dividendMay 4  2022 First-Quarter 2022 Trading UpdateMay 18  2022 Payment date: 2021 final dividend ordinary sharesMay 25  2022 Payment date: 2021 final dividend ADRsAugust 3  2022 Half-Year 2022 ResultsAugust 30  2022 Ex-dividend date: 2022 interim dividendAugust 31  2022 Record date: 2022 interim dividendSeptember 22  2022 Payment date: 2022 interim dividendSeptember 29  2022 Payment date: 2022 interim dividend ADRsNovember 2  2022 Nine-Month 2022 Trading UpdateFebruary 22  2023 Full-Year 2022 ResultsMarch 8  2023 Publication of 2022 Annual Report and ESG Data OverviewMedia Investors/AnalystsGerbert van Genderen Stort Meg GeldensGlobal Branding & Communications Investor Relationst + 31 (0)172 641 230 t + 31 (0)172 641 407press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU).Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.1 This rule of thumb excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on intercompany balances  which is accounted for in adjusted net financing costs in reported currencies and determined based on period-end spot rates and balances.2 Guidance for adjusted net financing costs in constant currencies excludes the impact of exchange rate movements on currency hedging and intercompany balances.3 Cash repayments of lease liabilities are expected to be in line with depreciation of right-of-use assets (FY 2021: €71 million).4 Throughout this document  EHS/ORM refers to environmental  health & safety and operational risk management.5 Dividend payout ratio: dividend per share divided by adjusted earnings per share.6 Net cash available consists of cash and cash equivalents of €1 001 million less overdrafts used for cash management purposes of €9 million.7 Throughout this document  PPP refers to the U.S. Small Business Association (SBA) Paycheck Protection Program of 2020 and 2021. Compliance Solutions (part of Governance  Risk & Compliance) supported its bank customers in lending under this program.8 Environmental  social and governance data is not assured.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.59,0.14,0.27,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer 2021 Full-Year Report', 'FY2022 adjusted operating profit margin', 'Full-Year 2022 Outlook Performance indicators 2022 Guidance', 'full-year cash conversion ratio', 'average €/$ exchange rate', 'U.S. dollar rate', 'net positive one-time items', 'Wolters Kluwer 2021 Full-Year Report', 'average EUR/USD rate', 'current exchange rates', '1 U.S. cent', 'lower tax rate', 'historical tax rate', 'free cash flow', 'Full -Year Report', 'non-recurring revenue streams', 'new three-year strategy', 'lease interest charges', 'cloud-based expert solutions', 'benchmark tax rate', 'key sustainability goals', 'OG Business performance', 'net financing costs', 'good organic growth', 'lower restructuring costs', 'Expert solutions revenues', 'EPS Mid-single-digit growth', 'Full-Year 202 2 Outlook', 'Net cash', 'performance measures', 'net profit', 'S hare', 'positive effect', 'full-year 2021 results', 'operating activities', 'software solutions', 'Key Figures', 'benchmark figures', 'Net debt', 'global leader', 'professional information', 'operational gearing', 'other expenses', 'Balance sheet', '2021 total dividend', 'Executive Board', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'previous plan', 'specific guidance', 'challenging comparables', 'second quarter', 'first half', 'North America', '2021 currency profile', 'opposite change', '2 euro cents', 'pre-tax profits', 'full year', 'constant currencies', 'Recurring revenues', 'total revenues', 'normal range', 'recurring digital', 'strong results', 'share repurchases', 'services revenues', 'second year', 'Capital expenditure', 'diluted EPS', '∆ OG', '2022 results', 'February', 'Highlights', 'savings', 'travel', 'pandemic', 'EBITDA', 'increase', 'uyback', 'return', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'recovery', 'employees', 'customers', 'progress', 'Value', 'focus', 'Story', 'CC', 'ROIC', 'IFRS', 'management', 'Note', 'reconciliation', 'euros', 'rule', 'thumb', 'EPS1.']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
182,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109096.html,Accor's ALLSAFE  an enhanced label that ensures complete peace of mind in our hotels,To ensure guest and employee safety when we reopened our hotels in May 2020  our Group launched ALLSAFE  a hygiene and cleanliness label that guarantees our guests complete peace of mind.There is a real need for reassurance  simplicity  and seamlessness in the tourism sector  and at Accor we continue to train our teams and enhance our ALLSAFE label.In order to obtain the ALLSAFE label  they are audited either by Accor operational experts or by third-party auditors like Bureau Veritas.Some 3 600 Accor hotels  or 78% of our network  now offer the medical support service with AXA Partners  and we are continuing its rollout.Discover all our ALLSAFE certified hotels on all.accor.comAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 200 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries.,"The health  safety and well-being of our teams  guests and partners remain our absolute priority. Accor keeps everyone safe before and during the hotel stay with stringent global health and prevention standards and innovative medical support services in partnership with AXA.Our duty as an international hospitality leader is  and always has been  to welcome our guests in the best possible conditions and offer them services that guarantee their safety and well-being. The new work and life styles spawned by the Covid-19 pandemic have had a profound impact on the hotel industry  prompting us to change the way we do things and adapt to our guests’ new expectations in order to restore their trust and revive their wanderlust.To ensure guest and employee safety when we reopened our hotels in May 2020  our Group launched ALLSAFE  a hygiene and cleanliness label that guarantees our guests complete peace of mind. It does this in three ways with: the most stringent cleanliness standards and operational procedures in the world of hospitality  accredited by auditors including Bureau Veritas; medical assistance in collaboration avec AXA Partners with free access to medical teleconsultations and an on-the-ground network of vetted health professionals including laboratories for Covid-19 testing; contactless digital solutions to ensure social distancing and minimize the handling of devices.There is a real need for reassurance  simplicity  and seamlessness in the tourism sector  and at Accor we continue to train our teams and enhance our ALLSAFE label. All these initiatives reassure our guests as they prepare to travel and enable us to offer them a warm welcome while minimizing physical contact  as well as a wide range of services so they enjoy complete peace of mind in our hotels.""Throughout this difficult period  our teams have consistently enhanced our already stringent protocols and offered innovative solutions while continuing to take care of our guests and guarantee everyone’s safety and well-being."" - PATRICK MENDES  Group Chief Commercial Officer in charge of Sales  Marketing  Distribution  Digital and Loyalty.Hygiene and cleanliness protocols developed with Bureau VeritasALLSAFE  an enhanced label that ensures complete peace of mind in our hotels — Photo by AccorThe label’s stringent hygiene and cleanliness standards have been developed with and vetted by Bureau Veritas  a world leader in hygiene and cleanliness inspections. Virtually all our hotels apply these standards. In order to obtain the ALLSAFE label  they are audited either by Accor operational experts or by third-party auditors like Bureau Veritas. Across the Group  our priority is to adhere to the ALLSAFE standards  and maintain and enhance them to ensure the label is up to date with the health situation. These new standards include an enhanced room cleaning program  social distancing measures throughout the hotel and specifically in the public areas  and more.To date  98% of the Group’s hotels worldwide already comply with the ALLSAFE protocols. We continue to train our teams and the remaining hotels will be inspected.Innovative medical solutions with AXA PartnersOur strategic partnership with global insurance leader AXA rounds out the measures taken to provide the reassurance hotel guests need. This service offers our guests AXA’s most recent advances in telemedicine  with free access to medical teleconsultations in 90 countries and to the extensive AXA Partners network of tens of thousands of vetted health professionals (GPs  dentists  gynecologists  etc.). In a recent addition to the service  in many regions  guests now also have access to laboratories near our hotels for Covid-19 testing.Some 3 600 Accor hotels  or 78% of our network  now offer the medical support service with AXA Partners  and we are continuing its rollout.Contactless solutions throughout the stayALLSAFE  an enhanced label that ensures complete peace of mind in our hotels — Photo by AccorWe are convinced that digital technology is the best way to guarantee a safe and seamless guest experience  while maintaining the human touch in our hotels. Our Group has introduced several contactless solutions for a digital experience at every stage of the guest journey. These include online check-in before they arrive  keyless entry to their room with Accor Key  and online payment solutions like Pay By Link for in-hotel purchases made during their stay.In April 2021  we started rolling out ALL CONNECT in our hotels around the world. This new hybrid meeting concept powered by Microsoft Teams allows our hotels to organize meetings that combine in-person and remote attendance offering participants a safe and enriched experience which is the new benchmark solution for meetings.Discover all our ALLSAFE certified hotels on all.accor.comAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 200 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry""s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a creative hospitality company with a global portfolio of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. 68 million members benefit from the company""s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.",positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['enhanced label', 'complete peace', 'Accor', 'ALLSAFE', 'mind', 'hotels', 'new hybrid meeting concept', 'Group Chief Commercial Officer', 'enhanced room cleaning program', 'innovative medical support services', 'world leading hospitality group', 'extensive AXA Partners network', 'global insurance leader', 'online payment solutions', 'new benchmark solution', 'best possible conditions', 'international hospitality leader', 'Innovative medical solutions', 'several contactless solutions', 'stringent global health', 'seamless guest experience', 'contactless digital solutions', 'social distancing measures', 'Accor operational experts', 'stringent cleanliness standards', 'ALLSAFE certified hotels', 'innovative solutions', 'medical assistance', 'medical teleconsultations', 'world leader', 'new work', 'new expectations', 'new standards', 'operational procedures', 'stringent protocols', 'enhanced label', 'ground network', 'digital experience', 'enriched experience', 'health professionals', 'health situation', 'cleanliness protocols', 'cleanliness inspections', 'prevention standards', 'life styles', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'profound impact', 'complete peace', 'three ways', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Covid-19 testing', 'real need', 'tourism sector', 'warm welcome', 'physical contact', 'wide range', 'difficult period', 'PATRICK MENDES', 'public areas', 'recent advances', 'recent addition', 'many regions', 'digital technology', 'best way', 'human touch', 'guest journey', 'keyless entry', 'ALL CONNECT', 'remote attendance', 'beverage venues', 'cleanliness label', 'stringent hygiene', 'ALLSAFE standards', 'ALLSAFE protocols', 'free access', 'hotel purchases', 'absolute priority', 'third-party auditors', 'strategic partnership', 'ALLSAFE label', 'Accor Key', 'remaining hotels', 'employee safety', 'Microsoft Teams', 'hotel industry', '3,600 Accor hotels', 'hotel guests', 'well-being', 'everyone', 'duty', 'things', 'order', 'trust', 'wanderlust', 'May', 'mind', 'collaboration', 'laboratories', 'handling', 'devices', 'reassurance', 'simplicity', 'seamlessness', 'initiatives', 'care', 'charge', 'Sales', 'Marketing', 'Distribution', 'Loyalty', 'Photo', 'date', 'telemedicine', '90 countries', 'thousands', 'GPs', 'dentists', 'gynecologists', 'rollout', 'stay', 'stage', 'Link', 'April', 'meetings', 'person', 'participants', '5,200 properties', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'diverse']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,hospitalitynet.org
183,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109116.html,Food & Beverage: from “part” to “heart” of the hospitality experience,"As a global leader in food & beverage  serving 200 million meals every year in our 10 000 restaurants & bars  Accor is continuing to elevate this key ingredient of the hospitality experience to meet evolving client expectations and inspire connections and community.Acceleration in the Lifestyle Category Perhaps no better illustration is than through Accor’s acceleration in the fast-growing lifestyle hospitality sector.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries.Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding.Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart.","After two years of pandemic restrictions  there’s a desire to make up for lost time with a renewed thirst for authentic and exceptional experiences gathered around the table in the joy of socializing and reconnection. “Our environment has changed: new travelers are hungry and thirsty for more excellence  simplicity and authenticity ” says Ian Di Tullio  Chief Commercial Officer Southern Europe  Accor.As a global leader in food & beverage  serving 200 million meals every year in our 10 000 restaurants & bars  Accor is continuing to elevate this key ingredient of the hospitality experience to meet evolving client expectations and inspire connections and community. Through bespoke concepts  be it socializing and living spaces rooted in their neighborhoods as community hubs or stand-out destination bars and restaurants  renowned for their design or one-of-a-kind food concepts  the Group is going further in creating unique and authentic experiences that are relevant for locals and travelers alike.Acceleration in the Lifestyle Category Perhaps no better illustration is than through Accor’s acceleration in the fast-growing lifestyle hospitality sector. In 2021  Accor and Ennismore created the world’s largest lifestyle hospitality company  with 14 distinct global brands  with 80+ hotels and 150+ restaurants and nightlife destinations  each with their own unique style  creative storytelling and experiences. This combined with Accor’s wealth of knowledge in delivering scale  network growth and distribution  well positions the Group’s growth in lifestyle  where 45-50% of hotel revenue can come from bars and restaurants  and much of that from local clients.""People have a basic need to interact with others  and hospitality is all about creating human connections  socializing and exploring""  GAURAV BHUSHAN  Accor’s CEO Lifestyle and Ennismore’s co-CEO.Fi’lia - Dubai— Photo by AccorEnnismore’s team of culinary and mixology trailblazers  curate concepts that offer excellence  authenticity and community which travelers and locals desire. Take Fi’lia  Dubai  where chef Sara Aqel and her female-led team treat diners to a culinary skill handed down through generations of Italian women  with hand-made pasta dishes and bubbly-crusted pizzas  for soulful all-day dining. Other Fi’lia outposts include Miami and soon to come to Paris at Pullman Paris Montparnasse.Mama London— Photo by AccorMama Roma— Photo by AccorAnd for Mama Shelter  a place renowned for sharing a homemade meal  its iconic weekend brunch  lively rooftop terraces  and exuberant interior design  attracting locals and travelers alike. Mama Lisboa is Mama’s newest location  bringing a Portuguese reimagining of a French brasserie.And elsewhere in Europe  The Hoxton  Barcelona opening in April  is inspired by its location in Poblenou which translates to new town in Spanish and is the tech hub of the city  attracting many international businesses and residents with its slightly off the beaten path location and laid-back surroundings. The Hoxton will be home to Four Corners on the ground floor  serving up Detroit pizza alongside American Italian classics – a brand which recently came to life in Ennismore’s incubator kitchen in London. While the rooftop will serve margaritas on tap and tacos  for a similar experience to that of tapas bars  offering fast  delicious drinks and food with a buzzing atmosphere.Elevating the experience across brandsDemonstrating that bespoke experiences need not be synonymous with lifestyle or luxury only  Accor is also elevating the experiences and curating unique culinary concepts in restaurants & bars across our core brands in all segments  including economy and midscale - belying the reputation they may have for standardization.Ride up to Bokan  the 37th-floor restaurant of Novotel’s London Canary Wharf  where Alain Ducasse-trained chef Guillaume Gillan offers up to a 7-course tasting menu  combining ancient and adopted British ingredients  such as Hereford beef rib served in two ways – bearnaise or panisse  and an alternative version of each set menu for vegan diners.Bokan - Novotel London Canary Wharf - London— Photo by AccorLe Génie sous les étoiles - ibis Paris Bastille - France— Photo by AccorGIRAFE - Paris Society— Photo by AccorMun - Paris Society— Photo by AccorLe Génie sous les étoiles at ibis Paris Bastille proves the point with its redesign by French designer Stella Cadente and an authentic bistro style restaurant using fresh ingredients from the Ibis rooftop garden and inspired by its neighborhood. Meanwhile Mercure’s Discover Local program offers workshops  masterclasses and tastings of local specialties at the hotel and beyond  immersing travelers in the discovery of their destination. At the Mercure Bregenz  Austria  for instance  guests can sample the delights of an antique wine cellar hidden in a water tower in the town’s Hohenbregenz castle.And in line with the Group’s ambition to extend the hospitality experience and connect with clients well beyond hotel walls  the addition of other leaders in dining & entertainment to our portfolio are also widening the palette of distinctive experiences and concepts  for example Paris Society – with its portfolio of 40 iconic venues  mythical clubs  and restaurants like Girafe or Mun in Paris.As a leader  Food & Beverage is already our expertise. Now we’re making it at the heart of our hotels and beyond.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry""s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company""s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.",positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,mixed,0.57,0.16,0.27,True,English,"['hospitality experience', 'Food', 'Beverage', 'part', 'heart', 'Alain Ducasse-trained chef Guillaume Gillan', 'authentic bistro style restaurant', 'growing lifestyle hospitality sector', 'largest lifestyle hospitality company', 'Other Fi’lia outposts', 'Novotel London Canary Wharf', 'chef Sara Aqel', 'Ian Di Tullio', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'evolving client expectations', 'hand-made pasta dishes', 'iconic weekend brunch', 'many international businesses', 'fast, delicious drinks', 'Hereford beef rib', 'Le Génie', 'antique wine cellar', 'American Italian classics', 'adopted British ingredients', 'Pullman Paris Montparnasse', 'lively rooftop terraces', 'ibis Paris Bastille', 'Ibis rooftop garden', 'soulful all-day dining', 'exuberant interior design', '7-course tasting menu', '14 distinct global brands', 'kind food concepts', 'out destination bars', 'unique culinary concepts', '37th-floor restaurant', 'other leaders', 'global leader', 'Italian women', 'fresh ingredients', 'hospitality experience', 'Lifestyle Category', 'Paris Society', 'bespoke concepts', 'two years', 'pandemic restrictions', '200 million meals', 'key ingredient', '80+ hotels', 'nightlife destinations', 'creative storytelling', 'basic need', 'GAURAV BHUSHAN', 'mixology trailblazers', 'crusted pizzas', 'Mama London', 'homemade meal', 'Portuguese reimagining', 'French brasserie', 'The Hoxton', 'tech hub', 'laid-back surroundings', 'Four Corners', 'ground floor', 'Detroit pizza', 'incubator kitchen', 'buzzing atmosphere', 'core brands', 'Bōkan', 'two ways', 'alternative version', 'French designer', 'Stella Cadente', 'Local program', 'local specialties', 'water tower', 'Hohenbregenz castle', 'authentic experiences', 'CEO Lifestyle', 'Mama Roma', 'Mama Shelter', 'Mama Lisboa', 'similar experience', 'hotel revenue', 'newest location', 'path location', 'hotel walls', 'exceptional experiences', 'tapas bars', 'bespoke experiences', 'Southern Europe', 'network growth', 'local clients', 'human connections', 'female-led team', 'new town', 'vegan diners', 'Mercure Bregenz', 'community hubs', 'new travelers', '150+ restaurants', 'Accor Mun', '10,000 restaurants', 'desire', 'lost', 'time', 'thirst', 'table', 'joy', 'socializing', 'reconnection', 'environment', 'excellence', 'simplicity', 'authenticity', 'beverage', 'spaces', 'neighborhoods', 'stand', 'Group', 'locals', 'Acceleration', 'illustration', 'Ennismore', 'world', 'wealth', 'knowledge', 'scale', 'distribution', 'People', 'others', 'Dubai', 'Photo', 'Take', 'generations', 'bubbly', 'Miami', 'place', 'Barcelona', 'April', 'Poblenou', 'Spanish', 'residents', 'margaritas', 'tacos', 'luxury', 'segments', 'economy', 'reputation', 'ancient', 'bearnaise', 'panisse', 'Bokan', 'étoiles', 'France', 'GIRAFE', 'point', 'redesign', 'workshops', 'masterclasses', 'tastings', 'discovery', 'Austria', 'instance', 'guests', 'delights', 'line', 'ambition', 'addition']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,hospitalitynet.org
184,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/02/23/2389965/0/en/Lantronix-Taoglas-and-Thales-Collaborate-to-Deliver-5G-IoT-Solutions-to-Connect-Data-Dependent-Industries.html,Lantronix  Taoglas and Thales Collaborate to Deliver 5G IoT Solutions to Connect Data-Dependent Industries,Their combined expertise aims to deliver application-specific smart industrial IoT solutions to connect data-dependent vertical industries  including Industrial 4.0  Security and Transport markets.“In today’s highly technical environment  collaboration is the key to developing reliable solutions to power connectivity-dependent industries.“The Thales partnership with Lantronix and Taoglas enables speedy and secure 5G cellular connectivity  designed for the needs of critical industries like Industry 4.0  Security and Transport Applications ” said Francis D’Souza  head of Portfolio Management IoT at Thales.“Our award-winning Cinterion MV31 IoT Modem Card delivers high-performance 5G enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB) and supports fast data speeds with 4G fallback.To learn more about all the innovative products from Taoglas  the Lantronix G520 and the Thales 5G Modem Card  stop by the Taoglas (5E32) and Thales (2J30) booths at Mobile World Congress.,IRVINE  Calif.  Feb. 23  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lantronix Inc. (NASDAQ: LTRX)  a global provider of secure turnkey solutions for intelligent IT and Internet of Things (IoT); Taoglas®  a leading provider of advanced technology for a smarter world; and Thales (Euronext Paris: HO)  a global leader in advanced technologies and designer and builder of IoT connectivity solutions  today announced their collaboration. Their combined expertise aims to deliver application-specific smart industrial IoT solutions to connect data-dependent vertical industries  including Industrial 4.0  Security and Transport markets.On display at Mobile World Congress at the Taoglas booth  Number 5E32  the Lantronix G520 Series smart cellular IoT devices feature the Taoglas Guardian MA963 antenna and Thales MV31 Ultra High Speed 5G M.2 Modem Card to deliver complete  integrated smart industrial IoT gateway solutions on which users can depend for reliability  compatibility and resilience.“Spearheading collaboration for the digital transformation of IoT solutions for Industrial 4.0  Security and Transport applications  Taoglas  Lantronix and Thales have collaborated to create a fully integrated gateway solution that gives users peace of mind that their systems will stay live even in harsh environments ” said Paul Pickle  CEO of Lantronix.“In today’s highly technical environment  collaboration is the key to developing reliable solutions to power connectivity-dependent industries. Our collaborations with Lantronix and Thales help avoid common pitfalls that result in failure of IoT implementations by ensuring inter-connectivity  high-level security features and 24/7 uptime ” said Oliver Robin  GM and SVP of Taoglas Advanced Components business unit.“The Thales partnership with Lantronix and Taoglas enables speedy and secure 5G cellular connectivity  designed for the needs of critical industries like Industry 4.0  Security and Transport Applications ” said Francis D’Souza  head of Portfolio Management IoT at Thales. “Our award-winning Cinterion MV31 IoT Modem Card delivers high-performance 5G enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB) and supports fast data speeds with 4G fallback. This means very low latency  higher throughput and a 5G connectivity solution specifically made for the IoT.”The Lantronix G520 series gives users the ability to connect all their controllers  even if they are using legacy equipment of different ages and brands. A single gateway device facilitates reliable connections with less hardware and delivers access to more meaningful data.Key 5G benefits include lower latency  enabling real-time application  such as augmented and virtual reality; higher capacity  enabling more devices to concurrently be online; and higher speeds  allowing data to move faster and more easily over 5 Gbps.According to Berg Insight  global cellular IoT device shipments increased by 14 percent in 2020 to reach 302.7 million units and are forecasted to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 15.8 percent to reach 629.6 million units by 2025.To learn more about all the innovative products from Taoglas  the Lantronix G520 and the Thales 5G Modem Card  stop by the Taoglas (5E32) and Thales (2J30) booths at Mobile World Congress.About TaoglasTaoglas is a leading provider of advanced technology for a smarter world. Our solutions include advanced components and technologies and help OEMs  enterprises  and communities to resolve the complexities of bringing digital transformation solutions to market quickly and cost effectively. Focused on best-in-class  high-performance antenna and RF design with advanced positioning  imaging  audio and artificial intelligence technologies  Taoglas has unique expertise in integrating and commercializing highly complex technology solutions. We utilize this expertise for our home-grown connected smart services such as Taoglas Waste Insights™ as well as being a trusted advisor to OEMs and enterprises regardless of where they are on their digital transformation journey.With world-class design  consultancy and engineering expertise  along with support and test centers globally  Taoglas has proven expertise across the transportation  waste management  connected healthcare  smart cities and smart building industries. For more information  visit https://www.taoglas.com.About Thales GroupThales is a global  high-technology leader investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations — connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technology — to build a future we can all trust  which is vital to the development of our societies. The company provides solutions  services and products that help its customers — businesses  organisations and states — in the defence  aeronautics  space  transportation and digital identity and security markets to fulfil their critical missions by placing humans at the heart of the decision-making process.For more information  visit www.thalesgroup.com/iot.About LantronixLantronix Inc. is a global provider of secure turnkey solutions for the Internet of Things (IoT) and Remote Environment Management (REM)  offering Software as a Service (SaaS)  connectivity services  engineering services and intelligent hardware.Lantronix’s products and services dramatically simplify the creation  development  deployment and management of IoT and IT projects across Robotics  Automotive  Wearables  Video Conferencing  Industrial  Medical  Logistics  Smart Cities  Security  Retail  Branch Office  Server Room and Datacenter applications. For more information  visit the Lantronix website.“Safe Harbor” Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: Any statements set forth in this news release that are not entirely historical and factual in nature  including without limitation statements related to our solutions  technologies and products  are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results  future business  financial condition  or performance to differ materially from our historical results or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement contained in this news release. The potential risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  such factors as the effects of negative or worsening regional and worldwide economic conditions or market instability on our business  including effects on purchasing decisions by our customers; the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on our employees  supply and distribution chains  and the global economy; cybersecurity risks; changes in applicable U.S. and foreign government laws  regulations  and tariffs; our ability to successfully implement our acquisitions strategy or integrate acquired companies; difficulties and costs of protecting patents and other proprietary rights; the level of our indebtedness  our ability to service our indebtedness and the restrictions in our debt agreements; and any additional factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30  2021  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on September 11  2021  including in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Part I of such report  as well as in our other public filings with the SEC. Additional risk factors may be identified from time to time in our future filings. The forward-looking statements included in this release speak only as of the date hereof  and we do not undertake any obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.© 2022 Lantronix  Inc. All rights reserved. Lantronix is a registered trademark. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.Lantronix Media Contact:Gail Kathryn MillerCorporate Marketing &Communications Managermedia@lantronix.com949-453-7158Lantronix Analyst and Investor Contact:Jeremy WhitakerChief Financial Officerinvestors@lantronix.com949-450-7241Lantronix Sales:sales@lantronix.comAmericas +1 (800) 422-7055 (US and Canada) or +1 949-453-3990Europe  Middle East and Africa +31 (0)76 52 36 744Asia Pacific + 852 3428-2338China + 86 21-6237-8868Japan +81 (0) 50-1354-6201India +91 994-551-2488Taoglas PR Contact:Charlotte RubinGlobal VP of Marketingmediarelations@taoglas.com858-775-7621Thales PR Contact:Vanessa VialaMedia Relations  Digital Identity and SecurityVanessa.Viala@thalesgroup.com+33 (0)6 07 34 00 34,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.17,0.35,True,English,"['5G IoT Solutions', 'Data-Dependent Industries', 'Lantronix', 'Taoglas', 'Thales', 'Thales MV31 Ultra High Speed 5G M.2 Modem Card', 'award-winning Cinterion MV31 IoT Modem Card', 'complete, integrated smart industrial IoT gateway solutions', 'Lantronix G520 Series smart cellular IoT devices', 'high-performance 5G enhanced Mobile Broadband', 'global cellular IoT device shipments', 'application-specific smart industrial IoT solutions', 'Thales 5G Modem Card', 'Taoglas Advanced Components business unit', 'secure 5G cellular connectivity', 'compound annual growth rate', 'The Lantronix G520 series', 'inter-connectivity, high-level security features', 'home-grown connected smart services', 'highly complex technology solutions', 'Taoglas Guardian MA963 antenna', 'integrated gateway solution', 'single gateway device', '5G connectivity solution', 'smart building industries', 'Key 5G benefits', 'secure turnkey solutions', 'IoT connectivity solutions', 'Mobile World Congress', 'Portfolio Management IoT', 'Francis D’Souza', 'deep tech” innovations', 'The Thales partnership', 'data-dependent vertical industries', 'power connectivity-dependent industries', 'global, high-technology leader', 'digital transformation solutions', 'digital transformation journey', 'fast data speeds', 'Taoglas Waste Insights™', 'artificial intelligence technologies', 'smart cities', 'high-performance antenna', 'IoT implementations', 'global leader', 'advanced technology', 'reliable solutions', 'waste management', 'global provider', 'critical industries', 'advanced technologies', 'smarter world', 'higher speeds', 'quantum technology', 'Thales Group', 'Lantronix Inc', 'digital identity', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'intelligent IT', 'leading provider', 'Euronext Paris', 'Transport markets', 'Transport applications', 'harsh environments', 'Paul Pickle', 'technical environment', 'common pitfalls', '24/7 uptime', 'Oliver Robin', '4G fallback', 'low latency', 'higher throughput', 'legacy equipment', 'different ages', 'reliable connections', 'less hardware', 'meaningful data', 'lower latency', 'real-time application', 'virtual reality', 'higher capacity', 'Berg Insight', '302.7 million units', '629.6 million units', 'RF design', 'trusted advisor', 'test centers', 'big data', 'critical missions', 'decision-making process', 'security markets', 'Taoglas booth', 'combined expertise', 'unique expertise', 'engineering expertise', 'Industrial 4.0', 'innovative products', 'Spearheading collaboration', 'Taoglas®', 'IRVINE', 'Calif.', 'Feb.', 'NASDAQ', 'LTRX', 'Internet', 'Things', 'designer', 'builder', 'display', 'Number', 'users', 'reliability', 'compatibility', 'resilience', 'peace', 'mind', 'systems', 'CEO', 'today', 'collaborations', 'failure', 'GM', 'SVP', 'speedy', 'needs', 'Industry', 'eMBB', 'controllers', 'brands', 'access', '5 Gbps', '14 percent', 'CAGR', '15.8 percent', 'OEMs', 'enterprises', 'communities', 'complexities', 'audio', 'consultancy', 'support', 'transportation', 'healthcare', 'information', 'cybersecurity', 'future', 'development', 'societies', 'company', 'customers', 'businesses', 'organisations', 'states', 'defence', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'humans', 'heart', 'thalesgroup']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,globenewswire.com
185,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/geojunxion-nv-ticker-gojxn-formerly-070000613.html,GeoJunxion NV (ticker: GOJXN.AS) Formerly called AND International Publishers NV (AND.AS) Financial & Business update Q2 (Oct–Dec) and 1H (Jul-Dec) 2021/22,FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Q2 (OCTOBER – DECEMBER) 2021 and 1H (JULY – DECEMBER) 2021 VERSUS THE SAME PERIODS IN 2020Revenue for Q2 2021/22 grew strongly by +45% compared to the same period in 2020.Q2 2021/22 Operating result improved by €310 K  or 84% to a loss of €60 K  compared to a loss of €370 K in Q2 2020.In December 2021  GeoJunxion completed the development of a bespoke Outdoor Venue Plan for Macana Maldives  a premium Diving Tour Operator.During the quarter GeoJunxion has continued to invest in product development  in strengthening its R&D and Operations teams.The results reported for Q2 and the first half of the 2021/22 financial year evidence this progress.,GeoJunxion N.V.Capelle aan den IJssel  The Netherlands  24 February 2022  GeoJunxion reports a 45% revenue growth in Q2 2021/22 (1H +59%)  a positive EBITDA and ongoing strong reductions in Net Loss and Cash outflow for Q2 and 1H 2021/22  compared with the same period in 2020/21.The current financial year covers the 12 months period from 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. The second quarter of this financial year covers the period from 1 October 2021 to 31 December 2021. The first half covers the period from 1 July 2021 to 31 December 2021.Looking back at this second quarter  GeoJunxion’s business continued to show resilience and good performance. Revenue grew by 45% compared to the same quarter in 2020/21 and order intake showed growth of about 31% compared to the same period of last year. For 1H 2021/22 (from June to December) the growth on the order intake is of about 36% compared with the same period of the previous year and revenue grew by an even more encouraging 59% for the same period.We are continuously encouraged by the market interest in our new premium location aware products  in particular Eco and Safety Alert Zones. However  the main traction is coming from the Location Intelligence Services  which have attracted the attention of public and private companies in various industry sectors and resulted in the increased strength of our pipeline. It is also worth noting that order intake continues the positive trend in the diversification across all our product lines and services  in particular for recurring multi-year business opportunities.FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS Q2 (OCTOBER – DECEMBER) 2021 and 1H (JULY – DECEMBER) 2021 VERSUS THE SAME PERIODS IN 2020Revenue for Q2 2021/22 grew strongly by +45% compared to the same period in 2020. 1H growth +59% .Q2 2021/22 Operational expenses (OPEX) reduced by 12% . 1H OPEX reduced by 1% .Q2 2021/22 Operating result improved by €310 K  or 84% to a loss of €60 K  compared to a loss of €370 K in Q2 2020. For the first half 2021/22 improvement was €520 K or 74% .EBITDA was positive again in Q2 by €154 K. For the first half +€238 KNet result after tax improved by €113 K  or 38% to a net loss of €187 K versus €300 K in Q2 2020.Net cash-flow from operating and investing activities equals an outflow of €86 K Euro  a very significant improvement compared to a cash outflow of €393 K in Q2 2020 (excluding the impact of the equity raise in December 2020)Consolidated 31 December 2021 cash-position equals €674 K.Story continuesOUTLOOK FOR THE ACCOUNTING YEAR 2021-2022The Covid-19 related measures  continue to hamper our business development and growth. This is the case for our products directed towards the travel  leisure  and events industry. Despite this headwind  we continue to experience strong market interest in our product portfolio  resulting in solid Q2 and first half year 2021/22 revenue growth  and a growing pipeline of opportunities with major players in our industry. Based on the orders in hand  and the strength of the pipeline of opportunities  we confirm our expectation of revenue growth for the accounting year 2021/22  in the range of 40 to 50% compared to the 12-month period from July 2020 to June 2021. This means we are expecting our revenue to come in between €2.350 K and €2.550 K for the accounting year ending per 30 June 2022.OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS AND STRATEGY UPDATEStrategy UpdateGeoJunxion’s strategy remains solidly focused on creating “map agnostic” data products: digital geo-localized content  designed to be fully integrated into or overlaid on any commercial or open-source brand of maps  or to be utilised in developing smart solutions for a large variety of use cases  in different industries and market sectors.GeoJunxion’s activities are directed towards establishing long-term relationships with our customers  through the creation of recurring business models rather than one-off opportunities. Although the relationship with clients frequently starts with a proof-of-concept or a custom one-off project  most of the Company’s efforts go into building value-added  dynamic content  requiring continuous and frequent updates to maintain and increase their value over time. This means that most of our proof-of-concept and one-off projects are a launch-pad for establishing a service or license contract  converting the initial activities into a recurring  more predictable and sustainable business model.When executing projects  GeoJunxion typically also retains the Intellectual Property and ownership of the newly developed datasets and solutions  which can be subsequently resold to other customers. Thereby  leveraging the initial investment and creating a virtuous business cycle.Our mission remains focused on improving road safety and contributing to a more sustainable world  reducing the impact on the environment through intelligent solutions enabling more environmentally conscious decisions.Central to GeoJunxion’s strategy are:Cost effective sourcing  production  ingestion and aggregation of geodata.Flexible licensing models at competitive pricing.Direct delivery of dynamic  up-to-date content via APIs.Highly customised solutions and content creation.Market DevelopmentsCOVID restrictions still significantly impacted the mentioned quarter everywhere and consequently such measures continued influencing the general willingness to spend and invest. Most of the companies remained cautious in their investments. However  clear signs of improvement have been confirmed in some industry sectors  like in the case of big IT companies or public organizations and Municipalities which want to increase the digitalization of their services or implement Smart Cities solutions.Insurances and Insurtech  Transports and Logistics  Automotive and Autonomous driving sectors are also markets where GeoJunxion is looking for interesting opportunities. For the first two cases  GeoJunxion developed and released dedicated e-books  in support of marketing campaigns  through which we reached over 5.000 prospects around the world.GeoJunxion’s strategy focused on map agnostic data solutions  fostering safety on the road and environmental sustainability  perfectly aligns to the recent market developments.Business DevelopmentIn the quarter from October to December 2021  GeoJunxion maintained its primary attention on the High Alert Zones data suite  continuing the development and maintenance of the Eco Alert Zones  while studying new algorithms to develop improved smart polygons for enriching the Safety Alert Zones.The clients’ interest and attention remain mainly on the Eco Alert Zones (EAZ)  where we continued expanding our unique value proposition of fully attributed  global  and authoritative coverage of Low Emission Zones  Congestion areas and Restricted Traffic zones. Our attribution covers all types of vehicles: from passenger vehicles to light commercial vehicles up to 3 5T and heavy vehicles above 3 5T. EAZ continued to be the most requested data suite. Requests are received from existing customers and prospects  resulting in a solid pipeline of opportunities for this dataset.Safety Alert Zones (SAZ) also started some new prospects. After the initial release of the Accident-prone Areas on the Netherlands and Germany  and the completion of the additional datasets in the Netherlands  Germany and Italy about Tunnels and Bridges  classified as potentially dangerous spots for drivers under certain weather conditions  we started a vast business campaign focused on attracting customers from the Insurance and Insurtech market  Transports and Logistics and Automotive. The results of such campaigns are expected during the coming quarters.Our Outdoor Venue Plan and Location Intelligence Services have received great interest from existing and prospect customers. This interest comes from local Municipalities  engaged in their path to digitalization of their services. Here  this offering helps with the development of geographic information systems and can provide bespoke suites of data related to Smart Cities applications. We are also seeing a growing interest from businesses in travel  leisure  and tourism. This is despite currently being impacted by Covid restrictions. Potentially in preparation for the period after the release of the measures to restart “at full steam”.Product DevelopmentProduct development during the second quarter of the fiscal year 2021/22 (October-December ‘21) was focused on the expansion of Eco Alert Zones dataset and related APIs  to enable an easier and more effective delivery to the clients. The expansion included the passenger and light vehicles datasets  as well as the heavy vehicles (above 3 5T) content.These authoritative and dynamic datasets perfectly fit the GeoJunxion’s mission to foster safety and sustainability through location-aware content. This creates added value to B2B clients operating in the Automotive  Transport & Logistics  Real Estate  Utilities & Services markets  as well as public organizations.At the end of December 2021  GeoJunxion’s Eco Alert Zones included over 2.500 areas in 29 Countries  divided in three major categories:Low Emission and Congestion Zones for passenger vehicles and light commercial vehicles up to 3 5T;Low Emission and Congestion Zones for Heavy Vehicles over 3 5T;Limited Traffic Zones for all vehicles.These areas are monitored daily and updated as soon as any modification in their geometry or attributes is announced by the official governmental authorities responsible for their definition  implementation  and enforcement.Eco Alert Zones – an example of environmental areas identified on a portion of the Italian territory.Another significant achievement during the second quarter  was the completion of the Built-Up-Areas (BUA) premium dataset  i.e.  boundaries enclosing densely populated and urbanized areas. A BUA provides the geographic shape of cities  towns  and villages. The coverage at the end of the year  was extended to 195 Countries around the world.In December 2021  GeoJunxion completed the development of a bespoke Outdoor Venue Plan for Macana Maldives  a premium Diving Tour Operator. This includes interactive maps with geo-localized multimedia content about the Maldives Islands. We created interactive maps for 5 of their Cruise itineraries  as well as Virtual Tours to discover the details of Macana’s Yachts.The combination of geo-localized interactive content and virtual immersive reality provides a unique and attractive combination to remotely show and promote the services offered by the Tour Operator to potentially customers. The interactive maps can be browsed and interrogated on a PC or smartphone  enabling a remote experience. It can also be a real-time live experience when on location through the display of the GPS position on the map itself. We believe this project can be the first of a series and a launching pad for an interesting business development in the travel & tourism industry. An industry  which is expected to restart growing as soon as the restrictions for the Covid pandemic will be over.Outdoor Venue Plan – one of the 5 itineraries developed for Macana Maldives Diving Tour Operator.Order Intake / Bookings developmentsOrders for premium location data and Location Intelligence Services booked in the past quarters continued materializing into revenues in the current quarter. This was made possible due to diligent internal delivery procedures and the full commitment of the team towards product excellence and customer satisfaction.The order intake for the quarter October-December 2021 showed an increase of +31% compare with the same period of the previous year. When we consider the entire semester  from June till December 2021; the growth in the order intake was about +36%  compared with the same period of the previous year.ORGANIZATIONDuring the past quarter  changes have been made in the management team. The roles “Head of Marketing” and “Head of Business Strategy & Enablement” have been removed. An agreement has been negotiated with both persons related to the terms of their departure. All related costs have been fully accrued as extra-ordinary expenses in the Q2 reported results.FINANCIAL POSITIONGeoJunxion progresses in turning its business around from a digital map supplier focused on one-off large deals  to a premium location content and location intelligence service provider with a subscription based  recurring “data as a service” revenue model. During the quarter GeoJunxion has continued to invest in product development  in strengthening its R&D and Operations teams. The results reported for Q2 and the first half of the 2021/22 financial year evidence this progress. Based on our current outlook  the available cash on hand is estimated to be sufficient to cover our operational requirements for at least the next 12 months.APPOINTMENT OF EXTERNAL AUDITOR – Status updateGeoJunxion is one of 9 actively trading companies  quoted on Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange  that have been unable to present audited financial statements  because of unavailability of a PIE/OOB licensed auditor. The proposed legislation regarding the future of the Dutch Accountancy Sector (voorstel voor de Wet toekomst accountancysector)  includes a proposed process whereby the NBA (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants)  at the request of the company  can assign a PIE/OOB licensed auditor and determine a reasonable fee for the auditing activities. The Management Board welcomes and supports this initiative and hopes that this proposal obtains the necessary support to be converted into legislation in a timely way. In the meantime  we continue to connect with all PIE/OOB licensed auditors to find a solution.RISK MANAGEMENTRisk management is an integral managerial task. Our risk management and control procedures take into consideration the size of the company and the character of the business to identify the most significant risks which the company is exposed to. The risks identified are discussed on a periodical basis and mitigated or fully resolved  where possible. Such a system cannot provide absolute certainty that objectives will be realized. Neither can it guarantee prevention of potential cases of material mistakes  damage  fraud  or breaches of statutory laws.The 2020-21 annual report  as published in October 2021  describes the principal strategic  operational  and financial risks. The risks and uncertainties described in the annual report are relevant and are deemed incorporated and repeated by reference in this report. There were no cases of material damage  fraud or breaches of law detected since issuing the Annual Accounts.On the Social aspect  we continue to pay particular attention on preventive actions to limit exposure of our people to Covid-19  encouraging and supporting smart working from home  and establishing clear rules for those that need to be physically present in our offices. Our people are our key assets  and we do whatever we can to keep them safe and healthy.BOARD OF MANAGEMENT STATEMENTThe Board of Management hereby declares that  to the best of its knowledge  the summarized Q2 (October – December and 1H (July – December) 2021 interim consolidated financial statements  drawn up in accordance with IAS 34 “Interim financial reporting”  represents a faithful rendering of the assets  liabilities  financial position  profit and cash flow of GeoJunxion NV and its subsidiaries as stated in the consolidated financial report  and that the Board report as included in this Q1 (July-September) 2021 Interim Financial report represents a faithful rendering of the information required in relation to item 5:25d subs 8 and 9 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act.GROUP STRUCTURE SIMPLIFICATIONDuring the past quarter the GeoJunxion group structure was significantly simplified:The AND Data India Private Ltd entity liquidation process was completed  with the approval of the NCLT court in Mumbai in November.The two Dutch dormant entities AND Publishers B.V. and AND Holding B.V. were liquidated and the registration of both entities at the Chamber of Commerce (KVK) were removed.After this simplification  the group contains GeoJunxion N.V. and its 100% operating entity GeoJunxion B.V.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS / IMPORTANT NOTICEThis document contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial position and results of GeoJunxion. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events  including assumptions regarding our present and future business strategies  operations  and the environment in which we will operate in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements  and you should not place undue reliance on them.Many of these risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond the company’s ability to control or estimate precisely  such as timing of placement of orders of our customers  exchange-rate and interest-rate fluctuations  changes in tax rates  regulatory and legal changes  the rate of technological change  the competitive landscape  political developments in countries in which the company operates and the risk of a downturn in the market.The forward-looking statements contained herein speak only as of the date they are made. We do not assume any obligation to update any public information or forward-looking statement in this document to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this document  except as may be required by applicable laws.Capelle aan den IJssel  24 February 2022 Ivo Vleeschouwers – CEO / CFOFrancesco Altamura - CBOThis is a public announcement by GeoJunxion N.V.  pursuant to article 17  paragraph 1 of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). This public announcement does not constitute an offer  or solicitation of an offer  to buy or offer securities in GeoJunxion N.V.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.17,0.12,True,English,"['International Publishers NV', 'GeoJunxion NV', 'GOJXN.AS', 'AND.AS', 'Business update', 'Oct–Dec', 'ticker', 'Financial', 'Q2', '1H', 'Jul-Dec', 'new premium location aware products', 'first half year 2021/22 revenue growth', 'Capelle aan den IJssel', 'map agnostic” data products', 'first half 2021/22 improvement', 'The Covid-19 related measures', 'STRATEGY UPDATE Strategy Update', 'recurring multi-year business opportunities', 'recurring business models', 'ongoing strong reductions', 'Location Intelligence Services', 'digital geo-localized content', 'value-added, dynamic content', 'environmentally conscious decisions', 'Cost effective sourcing', 'Flexible licensing models', 'virtuous business cycle', 'Safety Alert Zones', 'sustainable business model', 'custom one-off project', 'current financial year', 'strong market interest', 'various industry sectors', 'GeoJunxion N.V.', 'significant improvement', 'market sectors', 'business development', 'last year', 'previous year', 'ACCOUNTING YEAR', 'road safety', 'sustainable world', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', '45% revenue growth', 'The Netherlands', 'second quarter', 'good performance', 'same quarter', 'order intake', 'main traction', 'private companies', 'positive trend', 'product lines', 'SAME PERIODS', 'Net result', 'Net cash-flow', 'equity raise', 'events industry', 'product portfolio', 'major players', 'OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'open-source brand', 'large variety', 'use cases', 'different industries', 'long-term relationships', 'off opportunities', 'frequent updates', 'license contract', 'Intellectual Property', 'initial investment', '12 months period', '12-month period', 'Cash outflow', 'investing activities', 'smart solutions', 'initial activities', 'intelligent solutions', '1H growth', 'positive EBITDA', 'Net Loss', 'Operating result', 'K Euro', 'other customers', 'growing pipeline', 'December 2021 cash-position', 'solid Q2', '1H OPEX', '50 K', '31 December', '1 July', '30 June', '1 October', 'resilience', 'particular', 'attention', 'public', 'increased', 'strength', 'diversification', 'tax', 'impact', 'Story', 'OUTLOOK', 'travel', 'leisure', 'headwind', 'orders', 'hand', 'expectation', 'range', 'commercial', 'maps', 'creation', 'clients', 'proof', 'concept', 'Company', 'efforts', 'continuous', 'time', 'projects', 'launch-pad', 'predictable', 'ownership', 'datasets', 'mission', 'production', 'ingestion', 'aggregation', 'geodata', '€', '40']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
186,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vgp-nv-leases-signed-1-060000925.html,VGP NV: New Leases Signed for 1.35 Million Square Meter Underpin Strong Financial Result for FY2021,Expanded relationship with Allianz through fourth joint ventureIn June 2021  VGP and Allianz Real Estate announced the successful eighth and final closing of the first 50/50 joint venture  VGP European Logistics.Following this transaction this joint venture reached its expanded investment target and is fully invested 3 .Furthermore  in September 2021 VGP received a € 21.1 million profit distribution from the Joint Ventures.In December 2021  VGP and Allianz Real Estate entered into a new 50:50 joint venture with a € 2.8 billion investment target.Similarly  to the first joint venture which reached its investment target  the new joint venture will concentrate on the acquisition of income-generating assets developed by VGP in Germany  Czech Republic  Slovakia and Hungary.,VGP NV23 February 2022  7:00am  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  today announces the results for the financial year ended 31 December 2021:Record net profit of € 650.1 million  a 75.2 % YoY increaseStrong business growth across the portfolio Signed and renewed rental income of € 79.7 million  bringing total signed rental income as of Dec 2021 to € 256.1 million  a 38.3 % YoY increase Strong letting activity continued into 2022 A record 1 478  000 m² under construction at year-end Land bank expanded to 10.94 million m² – a 43.0 % YoY increase  despite significant consumption due to expansion of construction works A record 652  000 m ² of lettable area delivered  representing € 32.0 million of annualised committed leases (entire completed portfolio is 99.4% let)The total capital expenditure for the Group over 2021 (including capital expenditure related to Joint Ventures projects) amounted € 743 million based on the predominantly pre-let construction pipeline CAPEX for 2022 is expected to be well above 2021 levelYear-end gearing ratio amounts to 29 8%Intention to propose to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders a distribution of a gross dividend of€ 149.6 million which equates to € 6.85 per share – an 87.7% YoY increase – and gross dividend yield of 2.94% versus last closeVGP’s Chief Executive Officer  Jan Van Geet  said: “VGP reported solid results benefiting from elevated leasing activity  rental growth and compression in valuation yields. Like in previous years  we have been able to consistently enlarge our land bank in-line with our growth  yet  with nearly 40% of projects acquired last year being brownfield  we continue to place our clients closer to their clients and customers and help improve their supply chain efficiency and last mile delivery. The demand for new space witnessed into 2022 continues to be healthy and we remain optimistic on the outlook for this year as business sentiment is upbeat and secular shifts point towards elevated demand for the coming period driven by consumer shift towards ecommerce  supply chain optimization strategies and transition towards sustainable operations across industries and logistics.”Story continuesJan Van Geet continued: “I would like to particularly thank my team for their devotion  enthusiasm and energy. Everybody contributed to our achievements of last year. Our team has grown together with our company and today we can rely on a deep bench of experienced professionals offering technical in-house know-how on design and engineering of advanced semi-industrial and e-commerce facilities  without having to rely on general contractor or external engineers and consultants.”Jan Van Geet concluded: “We have managed to significantly strengthen our fortress balance sheet in the course of 2021 and due to the two bond issuances we have our financing needs for 2022 covered  despite a significantly larger capex anticipated in 2022 versus last year due to our predominantly pre-let construction pipeline.”FINANCIAL AND OPERATING HIGHLIGHTSStrong new leasing activity continuedSigned and renewed rental income of € 79.7 million driven by 1 313 000 m² of new lease agreements signed (corresponding to € 74.6 million of new annualised rental income)  combined with 102 000 m² of lease agreements renewed (corresponding to € 5.1 million of annualised rental income).Germany contributed half of the new leases (€ 37.3 million; 50%) whilst the remainder was geographically well spread across the markets VGP operates: Czech Republic € 10.2 million (14%)  Spain € 5.4 million (7%)  Hungary € 4.2 million (6%)  Romania € 3.5 million (5%)  Italy €3.3 million (4%)  Austria € 3.2 million (4%)  Portugal € 2.4 million (3%)  Slovakia € 2.1 million (3%)  Latvia € 1.9 million (3%) and Netherlands € 1.1 million (1%).Terminations represented a total of € 3.7 million or 70 000 m 2 (of which 46 000 m 2 within the Joint Ventures’ portfolio).The total signed lease agreements represent € 256.1 million 1 annualised committed rental income (equivalent to 4.46 million m² of lettable area)  a 38.3% increase versus December 2020 reported at € 185.2 million.In addition to the signed lease agreements   VGP has signed a number of Letters of Intent over new future Leases representing € 30 million of annualised committed rent income if and when converted to lease agreements.VGP expects a significant amount of rental increase throughout its entire portfolio as virtually all of its lease agreements are annually indexed against inflation.Record level of construction activityDuring 2021 we delivered 26 projects representing a record 652 000 m² of lettable area  which equates to €32.0 million of annualised committed rental income (99.8% let).At year-end 50 projects were under construction representing 1 478 000 m² of future lettable area  which  once delivered and fully let  will generate €93.9 million of annualised committed rental income; the portfolio under construction at year-end was 83.8% pre-let2.Record land bank expansionOver the last 12 month in total 4 037 000 m 2 of land was acquired representing a development potential of 1 776 000 m 2 and a further 3 981 000 m 2 of land plots were committed  pending permits  which have a development potential of at least 1 690 000 m 2 of future lettable area  bringing the total owned and committed land bank to 10 938 000 m 2 (+43.0% year-over-year)  supporting a minimum of 4 983 000 m 2 of future lettable areaIn addition to the owned and committed land bank  VGP has signed non-binding agreements (“land under option”) and is currently performing due diligence investigations  on an exclusive basis  on the potential acquisitions of in total circa 2 859 000 m² of new land plots with a development potential of at least 1 304 000 m 2 . This brings the land bank of owned  committed and under option to 13 797 000 m 2 supporting a minimum of 6 287 000 m 2 of future lettable area.From an asset value perspective  the land bank is predominantly Western European-based but on the bases of square meters the land bank is well spread across the countries in which we operate.Our team continues to find additional – increasingly brownfield – sites for future development  and we are working with planning authorities on the most effective and sustainable utilization and regeneration of such sites in order to reduce our impact on the environment.Significant strengthening of the teamThe team expanded to 322 FTE equivalent as we hired 60 additional people across the organization.We have strengthened our teams across the board which will enhance our product offerings and deepen our engagement with our clients.Expanded relationship with Allianz through fourth joint ventureIn June 2021  VGP and Allianz Real Estate announced the successful eighth and final closing of the first 50/50 joint venture  VGP European Logistics. The transaction comprised of four logistic buildings  including two buildings in a new VGP park and another two newly completed logistic buildings which were developed in parks previously transferred to the joint venture. Following this transaction this joint venture reached its expanded investment target and is fully invested 3 . The transaction value was € 68.2 million 4 . The net proceeds from this transaction amounts to circa € 49.6 million. Furthermore  in September 2021 VGP received a € 21.1 million profit distribution from the Joint Ventures.In December 2021  VGP and Allianz Real Estate entered into a new 50:50 joint venture with a € 2.8 billion investment target. This is the fourth joint venture with Allianz Real Estate. The ESG setup for the new partnership aims to encompass Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor and EU Taxonomy compliance  on a best-efforts basis  the use of Sustainable Certification including high BREEAM or DGNB ratings  and EPC criteria  among others. The managerial and governance setup of the new partnership is similar to the first three joint ventures with VGP serving the new joint venture as its sole asset  property and development manager. Similarly  to the first joint venture which reached its investment target  the new joint venture will concentrate on the acquisition of income-generating assets developed by VGP in Germany  Czech Republic  Slovakia and Hungary. A first closing for the new joint venture is anticipated in the second half of 2022.A significant cash balance is expected to be recycled from Joint Venture closings in 2022. With firstly  in respect of the expansion of the Second Joint Venture  it is anticipated that a further closing will occur during the first half of 2022. Gross transaction value is estimated to be well above € 300 million5Strengthened capital and financial positionOn 31 March 2021  VGP announced the successful issue of a first benchmark international green bond for an aggregate nominal amount of € 600 million  for coupon of 1.500% p.a. and maturing on 8 April 2029.On 24 November  VGP successfully completed a € 300 million offering of new shares (equivalent to 6.1% of shares outstanding).The Group further benefits from renewed and expanded multi-year 6 € 200 million revolving credit facilities which are currently undrawn.Post the balance sheet date  on 10 January 2022  VGP successfully issued its second public benchmark green bonds for an aggregate nominal amount of € 1.0 billion  in two tranches  with a € 500 million 5-year bond paying a coupon of 1.625% p.a. and maturing on 17 January 2027 and a € 500 million 8-year bond paying a coupon of 2.250% p.a. and maturing on 17 January 2030.Year-end gearing ratio amounted to 29 8%.The Group will report on the progress of eligible investments in-line with the Green Finance Framework as part of the 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report expected to be published by the end of March 2022.Expansion of the Group’s European footprintThe Group further expanded its European footprint with the acquisition of a first land plot in Serbia  where a 1.1 million m 2 land position was acquired near Belgrade Airport.The Group has opened its first office in France (Lyon). In the coming period the focus will be on identifying suitable development locations.A country manager for Greece has been appointed in January 2022 as the Group has entered the Hellenic market.Other continental European countries  including Croatia  Sweden and Denmark remain in focus for potential future expansion.Significant growth in renewable energy power generationA total solar power generation capacity of 74.7MWp is currently installed or under construction through 57 roof-projects. This is being realised through a € 38.4 million committed investment to date. In addition  the currently identified pipeline of 37 projects equates to an additional power generation capacity of 74.5 MWp.Progress towards our Sustainable Development GoalsWe have made significant progress towards our Sustainable Development Goals and are on track to achieve carbon neutrality by 2025 and 50% gross reduction by 2030 under scope 1 and 2.With regards to the sustainable building target  the Group aims for BREEAM Excellent (required minimum BREEAM Very Good) or DGNB Gold for all new constructions started up in 2022.As of 1 January 2022  all of VGP’s European offices switched to renewable energy as a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement was reached with Scholt Energy B.V.  the independent energy supplier  and ACT Commodities B.V.  the European energy trading house  to provide solar energy from VGP’s existing solar farm on the roofs of VGP Park Nijmegen  Netherlands  to VGP offices across Europe. The agreement covers VGP’s 20 offices across 12 countries. Additionally  it is envisaged to include VGP’s new offices in France and Serbia this year also.ESG disclosure has been further enhanced following the publication of the GRI compliant 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report the Group reported its annual CDP and GRESB submissions and obtained an initial Sustainalytics score.Outlook 2022Client demand and shortage of supply of grade A logistics and industrial buildings are supporting rent levels and occupancy. The underlying fundamentals for logistics and semi-industrial real estate remain robust with e-commerce continuing to be a big driver for demand of new lettable space.Based on the strong leasing activities as reported over the course of 2021 and indications of interest received for the coming period  development activities are expected to continue to operate at elevated levels well into 2022.Longer term development activities will continue to be driven by client-led demand and our ability to meet these opportunities with a.o. VGP’s readily available prime land bank locations.With regards to VGP Renewable Energy  the Group focuses on an expansion of the service offering through increased production of green energy used for self-consumption and facilitating our clients in their transitioning towards green energy.KEY FINANCIAL METRICSOperations and results 2021 2020 Change (%) Committed annualised rental income (€mm) 256.1 185.2 38.3% IFRS Operating Profit before tax (€mm) 776.6 419.4 85.2% IFRS net profit (€mm) 650.1 370.9 75.3% IFRS earnings per share (€ per share) 31.41 18.58 69.1% Dividend per share (€ per share) 6.857 3.65 87.7%Portfolio and balance sheet 2021 2020 Change (%) Portfolio value  including Joint Ventures at 100% (€mm) 5 746 3 843 49.5% Portfolio value  including Joint Ventures at share (€mm) 4 084 2 468 65.4% Occupancy ratio of standing portfolio (%) 99.4 98.5 - EPRA NTA8 per share (€ per share) 106.93 65.78 62.5% IFRS NAV per share (€ per share) 99.65 63.44 57.1% Net financial debt (€mm) 1 159 561 107% Gearing9 (%) 29.8 25.2 -AUDIO WEBCAST FOR INVESTORS AND ANALYSTSVGP will host an audio webcast at 11:00 (CET) on 23 February 2021The conference call will be available on:Webcast link:https://event.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1527750&tp_key=b3e18d81aaClick on the link above to attend the presentation from your laptop  tablet or mobile deviceAudio will stream through your selected devicePlease join the event audio webcast 5-10 minutes prior to the start timeA presentation will be available on VGP website:https://www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/publications/FINANCIAL CALENDARPublication Annual Report 2021 12 April 2022 First quarter 2022 trading update 13 May 2022 General meeting of shareholders 13 May 2022 Dividend ex-date 24 May 2022 Dividend payment date 26 May 2022 Half year results 2022 26 August 2022 Third quarter 2022 trading update 18 November 2022CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor RelationsTel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Petra Vanclova(External Communications)| Tel: +42 0 602 262 107 Anette NachbarBrunswick Group Tel: +49 152 288 10363ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European developer  manager and owner of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. The company has a development land bank (owned or committed) of 10.94 million m² and the strategic focus is on the development of business parks. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP with a staff of circa 350 employees today owns and operates assets in 14 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of December 2021  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 5.75 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.33 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.euForward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.1 For Joint Ventures at 100%2 Calculated based on the contracted rent and estimated market rent for the vacant space.3 Barring any top-ups related to assets being completed in parks already owned by the joint venture4 The transaction value is composed of the purchase price for the completed income generating buildings and the net book value of the development pipeline which is transferred as part of a closing but not yet paid for by the First Joint Venture.5 Subject to final agreement between the joint venture partners in terms of the transferred income generating assets and pricing6 €150 million matures on 31 December 2026 and €50 million matures on 31 December 20247 Proposed dividend per share to be approved by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of 13 May 2022.8 EPRA Net Tangible Assets. Other metrics  EPRA Net Reinstatement Value and Net Disposal Value can be found in note 12.29 Calculated as Net debt / Total equity and liabilitiesAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.17,0.2,True,English,"['1.35 Million Square Meter', 'Strong Financial Result', 'VGP NV', 'New Leases', 'FY2021', 'supply chain optimization strategies', '1 annualised committed rental income', 'Strong new leasing activity', 'new annualised rental income', 'annualised committed leases', 'supply chain efficiency', 'Strong letting activity', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Jan Van Geet', 'elevated leasing activity', 'fortress balance sheet', 'two bond issuances', 'new future Leases', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'Year-end gearing ratio', 'last mile delivery', 'Record net profit', 'gross dividend yield', 'Strong business growth', 'Joint Ventures’ portfolio', 'Joint Ventures projects', 'future lettable area', 'year-end Land bank', 'new lease agreements', 'total capital expenditure', 'let construction pipeline', 'new leases', 'new space', 'rent income', 'rental growth', 'rental increase', 'construction activity', 'business sentiment', 'advanced semi-industrial', 'European provider', 'significant consumption', 'Annual Meeting', 'valuation yields', 'previous years', 'secular shifts', 'elevated demand', 'coming period', 'consumer shift', 'sustainable operations', 'deep bench', 'experienced professionals', 'house know-how', 'e-commerce facilities', 'general contractor', 'external engineers', 'financing needs', 'OPERATING HIGHLIGHTS', 'Czech Republic', 'significant amount', 'last year', '75.2 % YoY increase', '38.3 % YoY increase', '43.0 % YoY increase', '87.7% YoY increase', 'construction works', 'entire portfolio', 'high-quality logistics', 'record 1,478 ,000 m²', 'solid results', 'larger capex', 'Record level', 'record 652,000 m²', 'VGP NV', 'financial year', '4.46 million m²', 'record 652 ,000', '38.3% increase', '10.94 million', '2021 level', '1,313,000 m²', '102,000 m²', '26 projects', '50 projects', '1,478,000 m²', 'February', '7:00am', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'Dec', 'expansion', 'Intention', 'Shareholders', 'distribution', 'compression', 'clients', 'customers', 'outlook', 'ecommerce', 'transition', 'industries', 'Story', 'team', 'devotion', 'enthusiasm', 'energy', 'Everybody', 'achievements', 'company', 'technical', 'design', 'engineering', 'consultants', 'course', 'Germany', 'half', 'remainder', 'markets', 'Spain', 'Hungary', 'Romania', 'Italy', 'Austria', 'Portugal', 'Slovakia', 'Latvia', 'Netherlands', 'Terminations', 'addition', 'number', 'Letters', 'inflation', '2.', '70,000']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
187,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://allafrica.com/stories/202202230069.html,Ethiopia: Business - Akobo Minerals  Oromia Bank Sign MOU to Cooperate to Develop Domestic Services Related to Financing New Exploration and Mining Projects,"Addis Abeba — Akobo Minerals (Euronext Oslo - ""AKOBO"")  the Scandinavian-based Ethiopian gold exploration and mining company  on 21 February announced that it has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the Ethiopian commercial bank  Oromia Bank.Under the terms of the MOU  Akobo Minerals and Oromia Bank  as leaders in their respective fields  will cooperate to develop domestic services related to financing new exploration and mining projects  in accordance with international standards.Together  these services can support the advancement of Ethiopia's domestic mining industry.Through their collaboration  Akobo Minerals and Oromia Bank hope to become the leading industry mining partner offering operational and financial services  respectively  for new ventures and projects in Ethiopia.Separate to the domestic mining services MOU  Akobo Minerals is also in negotiations with Oromia Bank to agree a corporate funding package.","Addis Abeba — Akobo Minerals (Euronext Oslo - ""AKOBO"")  the Scandinavian-based Ethiopian gold exploration and mining company  on 21 February announced that it has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with the Ethiopian commercial bank  Oromia Bank.Under the terms of the MOU  Akobo Minerals and Oromia Bank  as leaders in their respective fields  will cooperate to develop domestic services related to financing new exploration and mining projects  in accordance with international standards. Together  these services can support the advancement of Ethiopia's domestic mining industry.Through their collaboration  Akobo Minerals and Oromia Bank hope to become the leading industry mining partner offering operational and financial services  respectively  for new ventures and projects in Ethiopia. Significantly  this co-operation goes beyond general corporate funding facilities and will also encompass community funding opportunities and the rollout of services to rural areas which do not presently have access to modern financial technologies and services.Jørgen Evjen  CEO of Akobo Minerals  stated: ""By bringing our combined mining and banking competences and experience to the table  I believe we can together offer substantial and innovative services that can further the development of the Ethiopian mining industry and local communities.""He added: ""This agreement follows our corporate objective of doing business locally and supporting the Ethiopian banking industry to become competitive in its own backyard against foreign financial institutions.""Close Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox Top Headlines Mining Ethiopia Company By submitting above  you agree to our privacy policy. Success! Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address. To complete the process  please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you. Error! Error! There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.Faysel Yassin  Chief Officer  corporate banking and international trade at Oromia Bank  said: ""We are impressed with the endeavor and commitment that Akobo Minerals has shown in building a strategic model for both national and regional success. Our own philosophy mirrors theirs and is why we are sure that by working together we can do great things for other mining companies that want to succeed in Ethiopia.""In the coming months  Akobo Minerals and Oromia Bank will work together to put in place the aspects necessary to build a range of ground-breaking Ethiopian mining services  as set out in the MOU. However  the commitment of the parties to fulfil the roles and responsibilities of the MOU does not constitute a legally binding agreement.Separate to the domestic mining services MOU  Akobo Minerals is also in negotiations with Oromia Bank to agree a corporate funding package. This will be used to underpin a range of future activities including local community-based environment  social and governance (ESG) initiatives  as well as capital requirements to support Akobo's mining operations before the end of 2022. Further details will be made available once any final agreement is reached. Dispatch",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.13,0.53,True,English,"['Akobo Minerals', 'Oromia Bank', 'Domestic Services', 'New Exploration', 'Mining Projects', 'Ethiopia', 'Business', 'MOU', 'Top Headlines Mining Ethiopia Company', 'Scandinavian-based Ethiopian gold exploration', 'leading industry mining partner', 'general corporate funding facilities', 'ground-breaking Ethiopian mining services', 'Ethiopian mining industry', 'community funding opportunities', 'corporate funding package', 'Jørgen Evjen', 'free AllAfrica Newsletters', 'Ethiopian banking industry', 'other mining companies', 'domestic mining industry', 'modern financial technologies', 'foreign financial institutions', 'Ethiopian commercial bank', 'local community-based environment', 'domestic mining services', 'mining company', 'corporate banking', 'new exploration', 'mining operations', 'corporate objective', 'domestic services', 'financial services', 'local communities', 'mining projects', 'banking competences', 'Oromia Bank', 'Addis Abeba', 'Euronext Oslo', 'respective fields', 'international standards', 'new ventures', 'rural areas', 'innovative services', 'African news', 'privacy policy', 'Faysel Yassin', 'Chief Officer', 'international trade', 'strategic model', 'great things', 'coming months', 'future activities', 'ESG) initiatives', 'capital requirements', 'Further details', 'Akobo Minerals', 'binding agreement', 'final agreement', 'email address', 'regional success', '21 February', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'MOU', 'terms', 'leaders', 'accordance', 'advancement', 'collaboration', 'operational', 'co-operation', 'rollout', 'access', 'CEO', 'experience', 'table', 'substantial', 'development', 'business', 'backyard', 'inbox', 'process', 'instructions', 'Error', 'problem', 'submission', 'endeavor', 'commitment', 'philosophy', 'place', 'aspects', 'range', 'parties', 'roles', 'responsibilities', 'legally', 'negotiations', 'social', 'governance', 'Dispatch', '2022']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,allafrica.com
188,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109115.html,Accor's Full-Year 2021 Results: Significant rebound in activity confirmed in 2021,To provide a comparison with RevPAR (presented as the change versus FY 2019 throughout this release)  the like-for-like decline in revenue versus FY 2019 is (42)%.In Spain  RevPAR was down (52)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019 with a strong rebound since June.Regional cities ((34)% for FY 2021 versus FY 2019) benefited from domestic leisure tourism demand with average prices higher than those seen in 2019.Regional cities ((34)% for FY 2021 versus FY 2019) benefited from domestic leisure tourism demand with average prices higher than those seen in 2019.Hotel Assets & OtherRevenue in the “Hotel Assets & Other” segment was up 29% like-for-like versus FY 2020 and down (35)% like-for-like versus FY 2019.,"REVPAR RECOVERY MONTH AFTER MONTH FROM APRILCONTINUED IMPROVEMENT IN OPERATING SENSITIVITYPOSITIVE CASH FLOW GENERATION OVER H2REVENUE UP 36% TO €2 204 MILLION (+34% LFL)POSITIVE EBITDA AT €22 MILLIONNET PROFIT GROUP SHARE AT €85 MILLIONSébastien Bazin  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Accor  said:“Despite a disrupted start of the year due to overall health restrictions  2021 showed significant improvement in our business  as of the spring  with trends picking-up month after month right up to December. Our solid performances were achieved owing to the strength of our brands  our financial discipline and the sterling efforts of our teams who  throughout the year  demonstrated determination  tenacity and generosity. Thanks to their mobilization  we emerge stronger from this crisis and have gained market shares in all our key regions. Moreover  our pipeline continues to flourish  with Luxury & Upscale segment representing close to 40% of future openings  a 12-point increase in the past 4 years. As the desire to escape and to resume travelling has never been stronger  we are well underway to make the most of this rebound in all our markets. In 2022  we will continue to unfold our vision of ever-more experience-driven and sustainable tourism  facilitated by digital technologies. Armed with these strengths  we are confident in our capacity to enduringly continue creating value for our partners as well as our shareholders.”As of April 2021  Accor enjoyed a sequential rebound in business  with RevPAR improving month after month. This improvement in demand meant that average room rates came close to or  in many destinations at the end of 2021  even exceeded pre-Covid-19 levels. Although the effects of this unprecedented crisis linked to the Covid-19 pandemic have not yet fully disappeared  all of the Group’s geographies now appear to be well on the way to enjoying more “normative” levels of business. With Omicron variant outbreak  January marked a pause in the monthly RevPAR improvement seen since April  but February is already a turning point.During 2021  Accor organically opened 288 hotels  representing 41 000 rooms  resulting in a net growth in the network of 3% over the 12-month period. At the end of December 2021  the Group had a hotel portfolio of 777 714 rooms (5 298 hotels) and a pipeline of 214 000 rooms (1 218 hotels).For 2022  the Group expects a net unit growth of 3.5%.Consolidated revenueIn 2021  the Group reported a consolidated revenue of €2 204 million  up 34% like-for-like (LFL) versus FY 2020. By activity  this growth breaks down into a 36% increase for HotelServices and 29% for Hotel Assets & Other. To provide a comparison with RevPAR (presented as the change versus FY 2019 throughout this release)  the like-for-like decline in revenue versus FY 2019 is (42)%.Changes in the scope of consolidation (acquisitions and disposals) contributed a positive€47 million  largely due to the full consolidation of sbe since Q4 2020.Currency effects had a negative impact of €(13) million  mainly due to the US dollar(-4%).Source: AccorHotelServicesHotelServices  which includes fees from Management & Franchise (M&F) and Services to Owners  generated €1 582 million in revenue  up 36% like-for-like versus FY 2020 (down (46)% like-for-like versus FY 2019). This increase reflected the sharp recovery in business during the second half of the year.Revenue in the Management & Franchise (M&F) stood at €518 million  up 74% like-for-like versus FY 2020 (down (51)% like-for-like versus FY 2019)  with regional performances correlated to health crisis developments in the countries considered. In general  the sharper decline in M&F revenue compared to RevPAR (down (46)% over FY 2021 versus FY 2019) can be attributed to the strong decrease in incentive fees based on the hotel operating margin generated from management contracts.Source: AccorConsolidated RevPAR was down (46)% overall in 2021 versus FY 2019. This decline reflects an environment disrupted by the resurgence of the Covid-19 pandemic  despite a marked improvement in global business levels from April 2021.South Europe  driven by France  reported a (41)% decline in RevPAR over FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. This number shows a marked sequential improvement in this indicator which was down by “only” (17)% during the closing quarter (i.e. +7 percentage points between the third and fourth quarters).In France   RevPAR was down (39)% over FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. The strength of domestic leisure tourism demand allowed the activity levels to be recovered in province since the summer (RevPAR down (27)% over FY 2021 compared with FY 2019 with average prices in line with those observed in 2019). In subsequent months  the return of business travelers (notably intra-company events) benefited the Paris region with RevPAR down (56)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019.  RevPAR was down (39)% over FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. The strength of domestic leisure tourism demand allowed the activity levels to be recovered in province since the summer (RevPAR down (27)% over FY 2021 compared with FY 2019 with average prices in line with those observed in 2019). In subsequent months  the return of business travelers (notably intra-company events) benefited the Paris region with RevPAR down (56)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. In Spain  RevPAR was down (52)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019 with a strong rebound since June.North Europe showed a more modest sequential improvement (+2 percentage points between the third and fourth quarters) and ended FY 2021 with RevPAR down (57)% compared with FY 2019.In the United Kingdom   RevPar was down (49)% in FY 2021 compared with FY 2019 with the structure of the recovery similar to that seen in France. Regional cities ((34)% for FY 2021 versus FY 2019) benefited from domestic leisure tourism demand with average prices higher than those seen in 2019. London  more dependent on international visitors  saw RevPAR decline by (63)%.  RevPar was down (49)% in FY 2021 compared with FY 2019 with the structure of the recovery similar to that seen in France. Regional cities ((34)% for FY 2021 versus FY 2019) benefited from domestic leisure tourism demand with average prices higher than those seen in 2019. London  more dependent on international visitors  saw RevPAR decline by (63)%. In Germany  where health restrictions were tougher than in neighboring countries  RevPAR was down (66)% in FY 2021 compared with FY 2019.The Asia-Pacific region enjoyed a sequential improvement in RevPAR (+9 percentage points between the third and fourth quarters) after a third quarter hit by tighter Covid restrictions. RevPAR was down (49)% in FY 2021 compared with FY 2019.Pacific RevPAR benefited from easing of health restrictions from October in Sydney and the gradual reopening of internal borders in Australia. RevPAR was down (42)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. The recovery in business was confirmed in January 2022 and should continue with the reopening of Australia’s international borders from February 21.RevPAR benefited from easing of health restrictions from October in Sydney and the gradual reopening of internal borders in Australia. RevPAR was down (42)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. The recovery in business was confirmed in January 2022 and should continue with the reopening of Australia’s international borders from February 21. In China   the recovery in RevPAR was more uneven  impacted by a resurgence in Covid-19 cases and the introduction of a strict “zero Covid” policy. RevPAR was down (32)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019.  the recovery in RevPAR was more uneven  impacted by a resurgence in Covid-19 cases and the introduction of a strict “zero Covid” policy. RevPAR was down (32)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. In Southeast Asia  signs of improvement materialized thanks to the step-up in vaccination campaigns and the easing of health restrictions  notably in Thailand and Indonesia. Business in Singapore remains closely linked to traveler quarantines. In the region  RevPAR was down (66)% in FY 2021 compared with FY 2019.In the India  Middle East  Africa & Turkey (IMEAT) region  the recovery in business between the third and fourth quarters was impressive (+28 percentage points with RevPAR exceeding FY 2019 levels in the last quarter). While business in Saudi Arabia remained held back by tight restrictions weighing on pilgrimages  the United Arab Emirates benefit from demand linked to Expo 2021 which started from October 1  2021. RevPAR was down (28)% in FY 2021 compared with FY 2019 in this region.In the Americas  the improvement in RevPAR was also noteworthy (+18 percentage points between the third and fourth quarters) which translated into a FY 2021 RevPAR down (46)% compared with FY 2019.North/Central America and the Caribbean reported RevPAR down (48)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. The easing of travel restrictions between Canada and the US as well as Christmas holiday season accelerated the end-of-year improvement.and the reported RevPAR down (48)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. The easing of travel restrictions between Canada and the US as well as Christmas holiday season accelerated the end-of-year improvement. In South America  RevPAR was down (42)% for FY 2021 compared with FY 2019. Improvements are continuing as vaccination campaigns ramp up. Over the last months of the year  average room rates came close to or even exceeded 2019 levels on like-for-like baisi.Services to Owners revenue  which includes the Sales  Marketing  Distribution and Loyalty division  as well as shared services and the reimbursement of hotel staff costs  came to €1 064 million for FY 2021  down (43)% compared with FY 2019. The expiry of loyalty points at the end of the year eased the impact of the decline in revenue for this area of business compared to the Management & Franchise (M&F) activity.Hotel Assets & OtherRevenue in the “Hotel Assets & Other” segment was up 29% like-for-like versus FY 2020 and down (35)% like-for-like versus FY 2019. This segment  which is closely linked to business in Australia  notably benefited from a recovery in leisure tourism demand during the first half of the year and at the end of FY 2021 on the North-East coast of the country where most of the Group’s Strata activities are located (i.e. room and apartment distribution activities and managed properties).Since early 2021  this segment includes New Businesses (concierge services  luxury home rentals  private sales of hotel stays and digital services for hotel owners) which continue to be affected in different ways  ranging from the severely affected businesses directly related to the Travel sector  such as onefinestay’s private home rentals  to the digital businesses  such as the services provided by D-Edge.As of end-December 2021  this segment  which includes owned and leased hotels  represented 117 hotels and 23 309 rooms.Positive EBITDAConsolidated EBITDA came toa positive €22 million in FY 2021 compared with negative EBITDA of €(391) million in FY 2020. EBITDA sensitivity per point of RevPAR amounted to €(16.4) million for each one-point decline in RevPAR compared with 2019 versus €(18.7) million in FY 2020. This performance was linked to the recovery in business which reflected better absorption of fixed costs. Initiatives to cut fixed costs were partially offset by weaker government subsidies than a year earlier  but nevertheless also continued to have a positive impact.Source: AccorThe EBITDA margin came to 1.0% in FY 2021 versus (24.1)% in 2020.Source: AccorHotelServices EBITDA by businessHotelServices EBITDA was positive at €93 million for 2021. This performance breaks down as positive EBITDA for Management & Franchise (M&F) and a negative contribution from Services to Owners. The latter reflected high fixed costs coupled with a sharp decline in RevPAR for the Sales  Marketing  Distribution and Loyalty (SMDL) businesses. Rebilling of hotel costs (with a revenue at €555 million in 2021) structurally remain at breakeven at the EBITDA level.Management & Franchise EBITDA by regionSource: AccorThe Management & Franchise division of HotelServices reported EBITDA of €275 million  significantly higher than in 2020 (€25 million) and down (64)% like-for-like compared with FY 2019. All regions are now generating positive EBITDA.Hotel Assets & Other EBITDAHotel Assets & Other EBITDA came to €48 million in 2021 versus €(22) million in 2020. This segment was mainly driven by Asia-Pacific where business recovered during the first half and at the end of 2021. New Businesses  included in this segment since early 2021  were close to break even at the EBITDA level.Net profitSource: AccorNet profit  Group share was accordingly €85 million  compared with a loss of €(1 988) million in 2020. Three points should be noted:The contribution from affiliates came to €(273) million in 2021  stemming very largely from the contribution of AccorInvest. Travel restrictions in Europe hit the company hard during the first half of the year. The easing of travel restrictions during subsequent months limited the losses during the second half of the year.came to €(273) million in 2021  stemming very largely from the contribution of AccorInvest. Travel restrictions in Europe hit the company hard during the first half of the year. The easing of travel restrictions during subsequent months limited the losses during the second half of the year. Other income and expenses of €554 million mainly include a €649 million impact recognized following the partial sale of a 1.5% stake in Huazhu in February 2021. In 2020  the €(958) million loss mainly related to impairments losses.of €554 million mainly include a €649 million impact recognized following the partial sale of a 1.5% stake in Huazhu in February 2021. In 2020  the €(958) million loss mainly related to impairments losses. Profit from discontinued operations reflected mainly a partial reversal of provisions for risks linked to guarantees issued as part of the AccorInvest disposal program.Further reduction in monthly cash burnSource: AccorDuring FY 2021  Group recurring free cash flow improved significantly  from €(727) million in FY 2020 to €(246) million in FY 2021.The cost of net financial debt was up between FY 2020 and FY 2021  reflecting the downward revision to the Group’s S&P credit rating in August 2020.Recurring expenditure  which includes “key money” paid by HotelServices for its development and digital and IT investments  was kept in check  ending the year below the initially indicated range of €150-200 million.The change in working capital requirement returned to close to breakeven. In 2021  payment of fees was in line with business levels during the year as well as the collection of certain fees for which payment deadline extensions were granted to certain hotel owners.Monthly cash burn averaged €20 million in 2021  versus €61 million in 2020. During the second half of 2021  the Group returned to a positive cash generation situation.Group net financial debt as of December 31  2021 came to €1 844 million  versus €1 346 million as of December 31  2020.The fiscal year 2021 was the opportunity for Accor to continue optimizing its debt profile while aligning its financing strategy with its CRS ambitions. Indeed  Accor placed an inaugural bond issue indexed to the Group’s sustainable development goals (“Sustainability-Linked Bond” or SLB). The coupon of this €700 million bond is indexed on the Accor’s carbon emission reduction goals. The proceeds of this issue were partly used to refinance existing debt of €448 million with maturities in 2023 and 2024  through a Liability Management operation coupled to this bond issue. Moreover  this operation demonstrated the Group’s ambition to accelerate its transition towards a sustainable growth  to notably pursue its commitment in terms of greenhouse gas emission reduction and to affirm its environmental and social values by involving the entire value chain.As of December 31  2021  the average cost of Accor’s debt came to 2.2% with an average maturity of four years  with no major repayment dates before 2026.As of end of December 2021  combined with the two undrawn credit facilities of €1.8 billion  Accor had a liquidity position of €3.4 billion. At the end of 2021  the Group notably successfully renegotiated the covenant linked to the €1 200 million credit facility which now includes a liquidity covenant out to December 2023 before returning to the initial net debt ratio covenant.€200 million RESET cost savings plan finalized for end-2022After a positive EBITDA impact of €20 million in 2020  the incremental impact was €110 million for FY 2021. This number reflects an improvement compared with more than €70 million targeted initially  thanks to the implementation of the staff redundancy plan and tight control of consultant costs. In 2022  the finalization of the plan should have a positive impact on EBITDA amounting to €50 million.DividendAccor is concentrating its efforts on ensuring the return to profitability initiated in 2021  capitalizing on the activity rebound and the positive recurring impact from its RESET cost savings plan. The Group targets to re-install an ordinary dividend payment calculated on the basis of 50% of the recurring free cash flow  in line with its historical dividend policy. Besides  Accor will continue working on restoring its pre-Covid credit profile and could contemplate an additional return beyond its ordinary dividend subject to the respect of this objective.Events in 2021AccorInvest capital increaseDuring the first quarter of 2021  two capital increases were completed for the amounts of €150 million (of which €45 million for Accor) and of €327 million (of which €109 million for Accor). These two transactions were part of the bank financing restructuring negotiated by AccorInvest  which also provided for a loan guaranteed by the French government.Bond redemptionOn February 5  2021  Accor redeemed the maturing €550 million outstanding amount of a €900 million bond issued in February 2014. In 2019  this bond had been partially redeemed for the amount of €350 million. This redemption was notably funded through the issuance of bonds convertible and/or exchangeable into new and/or existing shares (OCEANEs) on December 7  2020.Covenant holidaysOn February 8  2021  Accor was granted a covenant holiday to June 2022 for its€1 200 million revolving credit line  concluded with a consortium of banks in June 2018. The covenant was not tested on the two test dates of June 30 and December 31  2021.Disposal of Huazhu Group Ltd sharesOn February 18  2021  Accor sold a part of its share in Huazhu Group Ltd  representing 1.5% of share capital of the company for €239 million. After completion of this transaction  the Group retains a 3.3% residual interest in the share capital.Appointment of two new members to the Executive CommitteeWith the remit of defining  managing and coordinating the commitments  strategy and roll-out of Group action plans in terms of sustainable development  Brune Poirson joined Accor and its Executive Committee as Sustainable Development Director.With the remit of stepping up development of the two brands by rolling out exceptional offerings and cultural excellence with its teams  Accor appointed Stephen Alden to its Executive Committee and is CEO of the Raffles and Orient Express brands.SPAC Accor Acquisition CompanyFollowing the announcement of its intention to sponsor the Special Purpose Acquisition Company (SPAC) on May 20  2021  Accor successfully took part in a private placement and the Euronext Paris initial offering of Accor Acquisition Company (AAC). This SPAC successfully raised €300 million with a view to acquire one or more companies in sectors related to the core hotel business operated by Accor notably in the Food & Beverage segment  but also for flex office activities  wellness  entertainment and events as well as technologies linked to the hotel industry.Finalization of the partnership between Accor and EnnismoreOn October 1  2021  following the all-share merger  Accor became the majority shareholder in the new entity created with Ennismore  positioned in the Lifestyle hotel segment. The Group controls this new entity through the ownership of a 66.67% stake. The remaining 33.33% is held by Sharan Pasricha  the founder of Ennismore.Success of the maiden Sustainability-Linked Bond and the Liability Management transactionOn November 23  2021  Accor announced the success of this transaction and partially redeemed two bonds  namely a bond with a 2023 maturity and a bond maturing in 2024  for a total amount of €448 million.This transaction completed the Liability Management operation initiated with the successful placement on November 18  2021  of an inaugural Sustainability-Linked Bond issue indexed on the Group’s sustainable development targets for an amount of €700 million (7-year maturity  2.375% coupon).Other informationThe Board of Directors met on February 23  2022 and reviewed the financial statements ending on December 31  2021. Regarding the approval process for the Group’s financial statements  the statutory auditors have  to date  substantially completed their audit procedures. Their report is currently being prepared. The consolidated financial statements and notes related to this press release are available on the www.accor.com website.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry""s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company""s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.Charlotte ThouvardSenior Vice President Group External CommunicationsAccor",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.11,0.58,True,English,"['Full-Year 2021 Results', 'Significant rebound', 'Accor', 'activity', 'POSITIVE CASH FLOW GENERATION', 'domestic leisure tourism demand', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'overall health restrictions', 'Omicron variant outbreak', 'average room rates', 'health crisis developments', 'hotel operating margin', 'net unit growth', 'NET PROFIT GROUP', 'marked sequential improvement', 'global business levels', 'monthly RevPAR improvement', 'M&F revenue', 'REVPAR RECOVERY MONTH', 'sustainable tourism', 'net growth', 'OPERATING SENSITIVITY', 'sharp recovery', 'marked improvement', 'average prices', 'POSITIVE EBITDA', 'hotel portfolio', 'Hotel Assets', 'Covid-19 levels', 'normative” levels', 'significant improvement', 'solid performances', 'financial discipline', 'sterling efforts', 'market shares', 'key regions', 'Upscale segment', 'future openings', 'past 4 years', 'digital technologies', 'sequential rebound', 'many destinations', 'unprecedented crisis', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'turning point', '12-month period', 'negative impact', 'US dollar', 'second half', 'regional performances', 'strong decrease', 'South Europe', 'closing quarter', '+7 percentage points', 'fourth quarters', 'subsequent months', 'intra-company events', 'Paris region', 'activity levels', 'Consolidated revenue', 'full consolidation', 'Currency effects', 'incentive fees', 'business travelers', 'Consolidated RevPAR', '12-point increase', 'sharper decline', 'management contracts', 'Accor HotelServices', '36% increase', 'APRIL', 'H2', '204 MILLION', 'LFL', 'Chairman', 'start', 'spring', 'trends', 'December', 'strength', 'brands', 'teams', 'determination', 'tenacity', 'generosity', 'mobilization', 'pipeline', 'Luxury', 'desire', 'markets', 'vision', 'experience', 'driven', 'capacity', 'value', 'partners', 'shareholders', 'geographies', 'way', 'January', 'pause', 'February', '288 hotels', '41,000 rooms', 'network', '777,714 rooms', '214,000 rooms', '218 hotels', 'FY', 'Other', 'comparison', 'change', 'release', 'scope', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'sbe', 'Q4', 'Source', 'Franchise', 'Owners', 'countries', 'environment', 'resurgence', 'France', 'number', 'indicator', 'third', 'province', 'summer', 'return', '2022']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,hospitalitynet.org
189,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bureau-veritas-strong-operating-excellent-063000399.html,Bureau Veritas: Strong operating and excellent financial performance in 2021; Solid 2022 outlook,STRONG FINANCIAL POSITIONAt the end of December 2021  the Group's adjusted net financial debt decreased compared with the level at December 31  2020.ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT AND ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGINAdjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin are key indicators used to measure the performance of the business  excluding material items that cannot be considered inherent to the Group’s underlying intrinsic performance owing to their nature.Adjusted operating marginAdjusted operating margin expressed as a percentage represents adjusted operating profit divided by revenue.ADJUSTED NET PROFITAdjusted attributable net profitAdjusted attributable net profit is defined as attributable net profit adjusted for adjustment items (see adjusted operating profit definition) and for the tax effect on adjustment items.Adjusted net debtAdjusted net debt (or adjusted net finance costs/financial debt) as defined and used by the Group represents net debt taking into account currency and interest rate hedging instruments.,BUREAU VERITASPress Release Full Year 2021 resultsPRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 24  2022Strong operating and excellent financial performance in 2021;Solid 2022 outlook2021 Key figures1Revenue of EUR 4 981.1 million for the full year 2021  up 9.4% organically (of which 2.5% in the fourth quarter) and up 8.3% on a reported basisAdjusted operating profit of EUR 801.8 million  up 30.4% versus EUR 615.0 million in 2020  representing an adjusted operating margin of 16.1% (16.2% on an organic basis)  up 273 basis points versus 2020Operating profit of EUR 718.8 million  up 76.4% versus EUR 407.4 million in 2020Attributable net profit of EUR 420.9 million  up 235.9% versus EUR 125.3 million in 2020Adjusted net profit of EUR 480.8 million (EUR 1.07 per share)  up 68.6% versus EUR 285.2 million in 2020Free cash flow of EUR 603.0 million (12.1% of Group revenue)  led by a disciplined capex policy (2.3% of Group revenue)  and a contained working capital requirement (6.3% of Group revenue)Adjusted net debt/EBITDA ratio further reduced to 1.1x as of December 31  2021 versus 1.8x the previous yearProposed dividend of EUR 0.53 per share2  up 47.2% year on year  payable in cash2021 HighlightsStrong performance of the Group’s portfolio of activities  with organic revenue growth across the six businesses. Organic revenue up 3.1% versus 2019Strong momentum for Sustainability and ESG-related solutions across the entire portfolioSignificant strengthening of the Group Balance Sheet and deleveragingAcquisition of six bolt-on companies in strategic areas (infrastructure  renewables  sustainability certification  cybersecurity and consumer products in China) representing total revenue of around EUR 48.0 million. This includes the latest acquisition of PreScience  a US-based leader of Project Management/Construction management services for Transportation Infrastructure projects2022 OutlookBased on a healthy sales pipeline and the significant growth opportunities related to Sustainability  and assuming there are no severe lockdowns in its main countries of operation due to Covid-19  for the full year 2022 Bureau Veritas expects to:Story continuesAchieve mid-single-digit organic revenue growth;Improve the adjusted operating margin;Generate sustained strong cash flow  with a cash conversion above 90%.Didier Michaud-Daniel  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“Throughout 2021  Bureau Veritas has continued to demonstrate strong agility  and a client centric approach while maintaining innovation efforts. We have delivered strong organic growth  a very healthy margin and strong cash flow which enabled us to achieve the lowest financial leverage since the Group’s IPO in 2007 and earnings per share above €1  at €1.07.We have a clear roadmap with a well-defined strategic direction for 2025 and strong growth opportunities ahead of us  notably as regards Sustainability services which already represent today more than 50% of our sales. Bureau Veritas is uniquely positioned to shape trust around topics that are at the heart of our clients’ concerns and  of society at large: health  safety  quality  environmental protection and social responsibility.Demand is clearly on the rise  as evidenced by the interests for our worldwide and multi sector expertise: at BV  we help organizations to measure and monitor their ESG commitments in a more transparent  credible  and data-driven way than self-declaration.For 2022  we expect Bureau Veritas to deliver another year of sustainable growth. Considering the strong leadership positions of the Group worldwide  and its solid fundamentals  I am very confident about BV’s future and the capacity of its 80 000 employees to embrace tremendous new challenges.”KEY 2021 FIGURESThe Board of Directors of Bureau Veritas met on February 23  2022 and approved the financial statements for the full year 2021. The main consolidated financial items are:IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 CHANGE CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue 4 981.1 4 601.0 +8.3% +9.5% Adjusted operating profit(a) 801.8 615.0 +30.4% +32.4% Adjusted operating margin(a) 16.1% 13.4% +273bps +280bps Operating profit 718.8 407.4 +76.4% +79.4% Adjusted net profit(a) 480.8 285.2 +68.6% +72.0% Attributable net profit (loss) 420.9 125.3 +235.9% +243.4% Adjusted EPS(a) 1.07 0.64 +67.2% +70.0% EPS 0.93 0.28 +232.1% +240.8% Operating cash flow 790.7 809.1 (2.3)% (1.8)% Free cash flow(a) 603.0 634.2 (4.9)% (4.4)% Adjusted net financial debt(a) 1 051.4 1 329.1 (20.9)% (a) Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 7 of this press release2021 HIGHLIGHTSStrong organic revenue growth in the full yearGroup revenue increased by 9.4% organically in 2021  benefiting from improving end-markets across most businesses and the return to a more normal operating environment compared to 2020. In the fourth quarter  organic growth was limited to 2.5%  impacted by the cyber-attack which occurred in November 2021. Without this  growth would have reached 4.5% in the last quarter and 9.9% for the full year 2021.This is reflected as follows by business:More than half of the portfolio (including Consumer Products  Certification  and Buildings & Infrastructure) strongly recovered  up 13.3% organically on average. Consumer Products was the best performing activity  up 15.7% over the year (including 9.5% growth in the last quarter) fueled by Asia  the resumption of product launches  and helped by favorable comparables. Certification (up 15.4%) benefited from the catch-up of audits  the recertification effect of certain schemes and strong momentum in Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Certification services. Buildings & Infrastructure outperformed the Group average with an increase of 11.8% during the year as it benefited from strong momentum across its three platforms (Americas  Asia and Europe);A fifth of the portfolio (Industry) delivered 7.5% organic revenue growth during the year with strong business activity for the Power & Utilities segment in particular  including renewables;Less than a third of the portfolio (Agri-Food & Commodities and Marine & Offshore) grew at 4.6% organically on average. Agri-Food & Commodities’ growth was supported by very favorable market conditions in Metals & Minerals (up 15.8% organically)  alongside Government services (up 7.5%). However  the Oil & Petrochemicals segment continued to suffer from lower demand. Marine & Offshore was primarily fueled by strong activity levels in the Core In-service activity.Disciplined and selective bolt-on M&A in 2021During the year 2021  Bureau Veritas completed six M&A transactions in strategic areas  representing around EUR 48.0 million in annualized revenue (or 1.0% of 2021 Group revenue). In the fourth quarter of 2021  Bureau Veritas continued its selective and disciplined M&A activity.PreScience  in the US Transportation Infrastructure MarketOn December 29  2021  Bureau Veritas acquired PreScience  a US-based leader of Project Management/Construction management services for Transportation Infrastructure projects - highly recognized for its expertise in highways  bridges and rail/transit.Established in 2013  PreScience supports the construction project lifecycle  from design development through project closeout. With expected revenues of c. USD 25 million in 2021  the company is one of California’s leading Project Management  Construction Management  and Construction Engineering & Inspection firms.ANNUALIZED REVENUE COUNTRY DATE FIELD OF EXPERTISE Buildings & Infrastructure PreScience c. EUR 21m United States Dec. 2021 Project management / Construction management services for Transportation Infrastructure projects Cybersecurity Secura B.V. c.EUR 10m Netherlands Jan.2021 Security testing  audit  training and certification services covering people  organization  and technology (networks  systems  applications and data) Consumer Products Zhejiang JianchuangTesting Technology Services Company Limited c.EUR 1.5m China Feb. 20213 Softlines testing focusing on domestic brands and e-shops in China AET France EUR 2m France Sep. 20214 Laboratory testing  product development and sustainability testing Renewable energy Bradley Construction Management EUR 11m United States Mar.2021 Construction management services for the renewable energy sector Sustainability Certification HDAA Australia c.EUR 3m Australia Apr.2021 Auditing and assessments focused on the health and human services sectorThe pipeline of opportunities is healthy  and the Group will continue to deploy a selective bolt-on acquisitions strategy  in targeted strategic areas (notably Buildings & Infrastructure  Renewable Energy  Consumer Products  Technologies and Cybersecurity).Cyber-attack detectionOn November 22  2021  Bureau Veritas announced that its cybersecurity system had detected a cyber-attack on Saturday November 20  2021.In response  all the Group's cybersecurity procedures were immediately activated. A preventive decision was made to temporarily take its servers and data offline to protect its clients and the company while further investigations and corrective measures were in progress. This decision generated a partial unavailability or slowdown of services and client interfaces.On December 2  2021  Bureau Veritas announced that  thanks to its cybersecurity system preventive and contingency measures  all of the Group’s businesses were able to continue operating. As of December 2  2021  more than 80% of Bureau Veritas operations were running at a normal level  while some regions were still having IT systems running at a reduced rate.Bureau Veritas’ teams  supported by leading third-party IT experts  deployed all efforts to ensure business continuity and minimize disruption to its clients  employees and partners. The Group had also actioned the relevant authorities and its cybersecurity insurance policies.The Group considers that all its operations have been running at normal level since the beginning of the year 2022. Nevertheless  there are still incident response costs through 2022.Overall  Bureau Veritas estimates the impact of the cyber-attack (fully accounted for in Q4 2021) to be approximately EUR 25 million on the Group’s revenue (around 50 basis points impact on the Group’s full-year organic growth).BUREAU VERITAS IS COMMITED TO ITS EXTRA-FINANCIAL PERFORMANCEIndexation of the financial terms and conditions of the syndicated credit facility to Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) indicatorsOn February 24  2021  Bureau Veritas announced the signing of an amendment to the 2018 syndicated credit facility for an amount of EUR 600 million in order to incorporate Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria. Bureau Veritas’ social and environmental performance will now be taken into account in the calculation of the financial costs of the facility  and will be measured in light of the Group’s quantitative ESG objectives set for 2025.The three non-financial criteria selected for inclusion in calculating the cost of financing the syndicated credit facility are Total Accident Rate (TAR5); proportion of women in leadership positions6; and CO 2 emissions7 per employee (tons per year).Launch of an ESG solution: with Clarity  Bureau Veritas enables companies to bring transparency and credibility to their ESG commitmentsOn December 8  2021  Bureau Veritas announced the launch of Clarity  a suite of solutions that helps companies manage their ESG roadmaps and monitor the progress of their sustainability strategies. With Clarity  Bureau Veritas supports its clients across a wide spectrum of topics  from Social  Health & Safety  Environment  Biodiversity  Climate Change  Business Ethics and Responsible Sourcing to Animal Welfare  Energy Efficiency and Waste Management.Bureau Veritas has developed Clarity  part of the BV Green Line of services and solutions  in order to make decision-makers’ ESG commitments trustworthy. Leveraging BV’s global footprint (over 140 countries) and almost 200 years of expertise as an independent TIC company  this integrated solution offers:Accuracy: through Clarity’s industry-specific assessment modules  companies can measure on the ground the efficient implementation of their sustainability roadmap.Trustworthiness: companies can make their sustainability communications more credible. With Bureau Veritas  they can rely on a trusted partner  recognized worldwide for its independence and impartiality.Efficiency: companies can efficiently steer their sustainability strategies thanks to a best-in-class digital dashboard  where all field observations are aggregated and sorted to make action prioritization easier.Simplicity: companies can use standardized Bureau Veritas assessment checklists for fast implementation or opt for customization to integrate specific needs.Clarity helps organizations put their sustainability strategies in motion. Through systematic maturity evaluations  the approach helps them clearly define where they should focus their efforts across complex value chains.Corporate Social Responsibility key indicators and performanceUNITED NATIONS’SDGS FY 2021 FY 2020 FY 2019 2025TARGET SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)8 #3 0.27 0.26 0.38 0.26 Proportion of women in leadership positions9 #5 26.5% 27.5% 24.4% 35% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 29.9 23.9 19.0 35.0 NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions per employee (tons per year)10 #13 2.49 2.44 2.85 2.00 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics11 #16 95.8% 98.5% 97.1% 99%CSR commitment recognized by non-financial rating agencies and EuronextBureau Veritas helps companies  governments and public authorities reduce their risks in terms of health  quality  safety  environmental protection and social responsibility. Those challenges are central to societal aspirations. Being a Business to Business to Society company comes with a duty: to be exemplary in terms of sustainability internally  and to be a role model for industry in terms of positive impact on people and the planet.The Group’s commitment is to act responsibly in order to Shape a Better World.This commitment was again recognized by several non-financial rating agencies during the third quarter. This is a testament to Bureau Veritas’ constant efforts regarding sustainability. Since September 17  2021  Bureau Veritas is listed on the Euronext CAC 40 ESG Index  which identifies the 40 companies that demonstrate the best Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) practices.The non-financial ratings updated during 2021 are as follows:S&P Global – Corporate Sustainability Assessment – Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)  one of the world's leading sustainability rating agencies. The DJSI  including the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI World)  were launched in 1999 as the pioneering series of global sustainability benchmarks available in the market. The Group achieved a score of 85/100 compared to an industry average of 34/100. Its assessment results range from 85 to 86 in the three criteria: Governance & Economic  Environmental and Social. Bureau Veritas ranked #1 in the Professional Services Industry category - encompassing the TIC sector - and counts among the world’s sustainability top-performing companies in the DJSI;Vigeo-Eiris (V.E)  one of the leading European ESG rating agencies and part of the Moody’s Group  has rated Bureau Veritas with a score of 66/100  according to 38 ESG criteria. With this result  Bureau Veritas ranks fourth in its industry sector  among more than 100 companies;EcoVadis  one of the world’s largest and most trusted providers of business sustainability ratings  awarded Bureau Veritas a Platinum medal  the highest sustainability level assigned to a company  with a score of 78/100 in 2021. This result places Bureau Veritas among the top 1% of companies assessed by EcoVadis;ISS ESG  one of the world’s leading rating agencies for sustainable investments  awarded Bureau Veritas a C+ score in its 2021 assessment  and the Group again achieved a “Prime” company rating. The “Prime” status signifies that Bureau Veritas fulfills ISS ESG's demanding sustainability performance requirements in its sector.Amongst other non-financial ratings of the Group: MSCI AA rating and CDP B rating.In addition to the actions deployed in its own operations  through its BV Green Line of services and solutions  Bureau Veritas is empowering organizations to implement  measure and achieve their sustainability objectives. The BV Green Line scope of expertise covers ESG topics in five specific areas:Resources & Production;Consumption & Traceability;Buildings & Infrastructure;New mobility;Social  Ethics & Governance.STRONG FINANCIAL POSITIONAt the end of December 2021  the Group's adjusted net financial debt decreased compared with the level at December 31  2020. Bureau Veritas had EUR 1.4 billion in available cash and cash equivalents and EUR 600 million in undrawn committed credit lines. The Group has a solid financial structure with no maturities to refinance until 2023.Given the financial strength of the Group  Bureau Veritas allowed the one-year EUR 500 million credit line  put in place in April 2020 during the pandemic  to expire in April 2021.At December 31  2021  the adjusted net financial debt/EBITDA ratio was further reduced to 1.10x (from 1.80x last year) and the EBITDA/consolidated net financial expense ratio was 16.33x. As of December 31  2021  the ratio of adjusted net financial debt to EBITDA had to be less than 3.5x and  only for the US Private Placement  the ratio of EBITDA to consolidated net financial expense had to be greater than 5.5x.The average maturity of the Group’s financial debt was 4.3 years with a blended average cost of funds over the year of 2.3% excluding the impact of IFRS 16 (compared with 2.6% in 2020 excluding the impact of IFRS 16).SHAWN TILL APPOINTED EXECUTIVE VICE-PRESIDENT OF BUREAU VERITAS COMMODITIES  INDUSTRY AND FACILITIES DIVISION IN NORTH AMERICAOn September 1  2021  Shawn Till became Executive Vice-President of Commodities  Industry and Facilities (CIF)  North America. Based in New York City  USA  Shawn Till is a member of the Group Executive Committee and reports to Didier Michaud-Daniel  Chief Executive Officer. Shawn Till brings a wealth of experience including 13 years of experience in the heavy civil construction materials and manufacturing industries sector. In 2006  he co-founded Primary Integration  which was acquired by Bureau Veritas in 2017.PROPOSED DIVIDENDBureau Veritas is proposing a dividend of EUR 0.53 per share for 2021  up 47.2% compared to the prior year. The proposed dividend will be paid in cash. Moving forward the Group expects to propose a dividend of around 50% of its adjusted net profit.This is subject to the approval of the Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on June 24  2022 at 3:00pm at Immeuble Newtime  40-52 Boulevard du Parc  92200  Neuilly-sur-Seine. The dividend will be paid in cash on July 7  2022  (shareholders on the register on July 6  2022 will be entitled to the dividend and the share will go ex-dividend on July 5  2022).2022 OUTLOOKBased on a healthy sales pipeline and the significant growth opportunities related to Sustainability  and assuming there are no severe lockdowns in its main countries of operation due to Covid-19  for the full year 2022 Bureau Veritas expects to:Achieve mid-single-digit organic revenue growth;Improve the adjusted operating margin;Generate sustained strong cash flow  with a cash conversion above 90%.2025 STRATEGY AIMS TO TAKE THE GROUP’S VALUE CREATION TO THE NEXT LEVELOn December 3  2021  Bureau Veritas hosted its Investor Day to present the Group's 2025 strategy and financial ambitions.Strategic directionBureau Veritas is capitalizing on the successful delivery of the previous strategic plan and relies upon the key fundamentals of the TIC market  which offer solid growth prospects. This roadmap is based upon three Value Drivers:Scale : Bureau Veritas aims to capture the maximum value of its existing assets  capabilities  and geographies by accelerating the standardization and replication of its existing service offer. The transformation journey will continue towards an even more market-oriented organization  capitalizing on the significant investments made over the last 6 years  both internally and externally. This will boost organic growth;Expand : Bureau Veritas will focus notably on sustainability and the energy transition  both of which represent exciting opportunities for growth. The Group will take full advantage of cross-cutting growth opportunities that will arise alongside macro-economic and societal shifts (5G  new mobility  etc.). This will be achieved through increased penetration of rising and high-value markets  and by capturing both organic and external growth opportunities;Lead: Bureau Veritas will invest in businesses that have the potential to become part of the TIC core business in the future. The Group will fully take advantage of technological shifts to be well-positioned on key trending topics such as connectivity  traceability  and cybersecurity. Like Expand  Lead involves both organic and external growth.To support its Scale  Expand and Lead drivers  Bureau Veritas has defined M&A priorities by markets and geographies  outlining three key objectives:Gaining market access in high potential local markets;Acquiring complementary capabilities in targeted markets and geographies to be able to provide end-to-end solutions to its clients;Entering new markets that Bureau Veritas believes will be relevant in the future.Additionally  Bureau Veritas defined three Enablers that will be key levers to execute its strategy and to achieve its ambition: People and Culture  Organization and Governance  Innovation and Digital.Five overarching themes to fuel business opportunitiesFive overarching themes  which constitute the Group’s 2025 priorities  are expected to fuel the Group’s development from a business perspective: Asset Lifecycle Solutions  Sustainability Assurance  Energy Transition Conformity Assessment  Technology & Online Retail and Cybersecurity Compliance.2025 FINANCIAL AMBITIONS AND ASSUMPTIONSAs part of its strategy  the Group has set a new mid-term financial ambition:2025 AMBITION GROWTH Resilient enhanced organic growth: mid-single-digit MARGIN No compromise on margin: above 16%12 CASH Strong Cash Conversion13: superior to 90%The use of Free Cash Flow generated from our operations will be balanced between Capital Expenditure (Capex)  Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) and shareholder returns (Dividend):2025 ASSUMPTIONS CAPEX Between 2.5% and 3.0% of Group revenue M&A Disciplined and selective bolt-on M&A strategy DIVIDEND Pay-out of around 50% of Adjusted Net Profit2025 SUSTAINABILITY AMBITIONSBeyond financial performance  Bureau Veritas remains committed to its extra-financial performance.The Group has presented its strategy for social and environmental responsibility up to 2025. This strategy  aligned with the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)  aims at “Shaping a Better World”. It is built upon three strategic axes: “Shaping a Better Workplace”  “Shaping a Better Environment” and “Shaping Better Business Practices”; and three sustainability pillars: “Social & Human capital”  “Natural capital” and “Governance”.Bureau Veritas will track and report its CSR performance annually through 19 selected key performance indicators. In addition  the Group is committed to the achievement of five key performance indicators through 2025:UNSDGS 2025TARGET SOCIAL & HUMAN CAPITAL Total Accident Rate (TAR)14 #3 0.26 Proportion of women in leadership positions15 #5 35% Number of training hours per employee (per year) #8 35.0 NATURAL CAPITAL CO 2 emissions per employee (tons per year)16 #13 2.00 GOVERNANCE Proportion of employees trained to the Code of Ethics #16 99%ANALYSIS OF THE GROUP'S RESULTS AND FINANCIAL POSITIONRevenue up 8.3% year on year (9.4% on an organic basis)Revenue in 2021 amounted to EUR 4 981 million  a 8.3% increase compared with the full-year 2020. The organic increase was 9.4%  benefiting from improving end markets across most businesses and the return to a more normal operating environment compared to 2020.Three businesses delivered double-digit organic growth  Consumer Products 15.7%  Certification 15.4%  and Buildings & Infrastructure (B&I) 11.8%. The rest of the portfolio saw mid to high single-digit growth  with Industry up 7.5% organically  Agri-Food & Commodities  up 4.6% (led notably by strong Metals & Minerals markets) and Marine & Offshore  up 3.3%.By geography  activities in Americas strongly outperformed the rest of the Group (24% of revenue; up 14.5% organically)  driven by both Latin America (led by Brazil notably) and the US (primarily fueled by Buildings & Infrastructure). A solid outperformance was also achieved in Asia Pacific (31% of revenue; up 10.5% organically)  thanks to 13.6% organic growth in China (across most businesses) and to a lesser extent Australia (up 7.4% organically) led by the agri-food and commodities markets. Europe (36% of revenue; up 4.5% organically) was primarily led by strong activity levels in Southern Europe. Finally  in Africa and the Middle East (9% of revenue)  business increased by 12.8% on an organic basis  essentially driven by B&I and energy projects in the Middle East.The scope effect was a positive 0.1% (of which 0.4% in the last quarter)  reflecting the impact from prior-year disposals offset by the six bolt-on acquisitions realized in the year 2021.Currency fluctuations had a negative impact of 1.2% (of which a positive impact of 2.3% in Q4)  mainly due to the depreciation of some emerging countries’ currencies  and the USD and pegged currencies against the euro.Adjusted operating profit up 30.4% to EUR 801 8 millionConsolidated adjusted operating profit increased by 30.4% to EUR 801.8 million; the 2021 adjusted operating margin increased by 273 basis points to 16.1%  including a 7 basis-point negative foreign exchange impact and a 2-basis point positive scope impact. On an organic basis  it jumped by 278 basis points to 16.2%.CHANGE IN ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN IN PERCENTAGE AND BASIS POINTS 2020 adjusted operating margin 13.4% Organic change +278bps Organic adjusted operating margin 16.2% Scope +2bps Adjusted operating margin at constant currency 16.2% Currency (7)bps 2021 adjusted operating margin 16.1%All business activities experienced higher organic margins thanks to operational leverage in a context of revenue recovery and the benefit of the cost containment measures taken in the prior year.The businesses that saw the best margin improvement were Consumer Products  Certification and Buildings & Infrastructure  which rebounded the most following the lockdown measures in the prior year. Together  they represented the bulk of the organic increase in the Group’s margin in full-year 2021.Adjustment items decreased to EUR 83.0 million versus EUR 207.6 million in 2020. These include:EUR 64.1 million in amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions (EUR 132.8 million in 2020);EUR 4.9 million in write-offs of non-current assets related to laboratory consolidations (EUR 34.6 million in 2020);EUR 6.9 million in restructuring costs (EUR 26.5 million in 2020);EUR 7.1 million in net losses on disposals and acquisitions (net losses of EUR 13.7 million in 2020).Operating profit totaled EUR 718.8 million  up 76.4% from EUR 407.4 million in 2020.Adjusted EPS broke the EUR 1.0 threshold to reach EUR 1.07  up 67.2% year on yearNet financial expenses decreased to EUR 73.3 million in full-year 2021 compared with EUR 137.8 million in 2020. The decrease reflects lower finance costs and a positive foreign exchange impact (EUR 6.6 million vs. a negative EUR 22.2 million in 2020) due to the appreciation of the US dollar against the euro and the appreciation of the US dollar and the euro against most emerging market currencies.Net finance costs decreased to EUR 74.7 million (vs. EUR 108.2 million in 2020)  with the drop mainly attributable to the decrease in the average level of indebtedness.Other items (including interest cost on pension plans and other financial expenses) stood at EUR 5.2 million  slightly down from EUR 7.4 million in 2020.Income tax expense totaled EUR 199.3 million in 2021  compared with EUR 130.8 million in 2020.This represents an effective tax rate (ETR) of 30.9% for the period  compared with 48.5% in 2020.The adjusted effective tax rate (ETR) is down 650 basis points at 30.1% for the period  compared with 36.6% in 2020. The decrease is due to the reduction in the weight of taxes that are not directly calculated by reference to taxable income  such as withholding taxes and value-added contributions  and the reduction of taxes in France (company value-added contribution - cotisation sur la valeur ajoutée des entreprises  CVAE – and corporate tax rate).Attributable net profit for the period was EUR 420.9 million  vs. a EUR 125.3 million profit in 2020.Earnings per share (EPS) stood at EUR 0.93 vs. EUR 0.28 in 2020.Adjusted attributable net profit totaled EUR 480.8 million  up 68.6% vs. EUR 285.2 million in 2020.Adjusted EPS stood at EUR 1.07  a 67.2% increase vs. 2020 (EUR 0.64).Strong free cash flow at EUR 603.0 million driven by operating performanceFull year 2021 operating cash flow decreased by 2.3% to EUR 790.7 million vs. EUR 809.1 million in 2020 (down 1.9% on an organic basis). It benefited from the increase in profit before income tax  largely offset by movements in working capital: the revenue performance resulted from a working capital requirement outflow of EUR 13.6 million  compared to a EUR 149.0 million inflow the previous year. This change is due to an increase in trade receivables as a result of the Group’s servers and data being taken offline due to the cyber-attack. Consequently  the invoicing process was impacted in the fourth quarter of the year.Working capital requirement (WCR) stood at EUR 313.3 million at December 31  2021  compared to EUR 280.2 million at December 31  2020. As a percentage of revenue  WCR increased by 20 basis points to 6.3%  compared to 6.1% in 2020  which was a record low in a context of revenue decline. This showed the continued focus of the entire organization on cash metrics  with key initiatives implemented under the Move For Cash program (optimizing the “invoice to cash” process  accelerating billing and cash collection processes throughout the Group reinforced by a central task force  and monitoring cash inflows on a daily basis).Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets  net of disposals (Net Capex)  amounted to EUR 114.5 million in 2021  an increase compared to EUR 88.3 million in 2020. This showed disciplined control over the Group’s net capex-to-revenue ratio of 2.3%  up compared to the level achieved in 2020 (1.9%).Free cash flow (operating cash flow after tax  interest expenses and capex) was EUR 603.0 million  compared to EUR 634.2 million in 2020  down 4.9% year on year (against a record level achieved in 2020) attributed to increased capex. On an organic basis  free cash flow reached EUR 605.9 million  down 4.5% year on year.CHANGE IN FREE CASH FLOW IN EUR MILLIONS Free cash flow at December 31  2020 634.2 Organic change (28.3) Organic free cash flow 605.9 Scope +0.3 Free cash flow at constant currency 606.2 Currency (3.2) Free cash flow at December 31  2021 603.0At December 31  2021  adjusted net financial debt was EUR 1 051.4 million  i.e. 1.10x trailing twelve-month EBITDA as defined in the calculation of the bank covenant  compared with 1.80x at December 31  2020. The decrease in adjusted net financial debt of EUR 277.7 million versus December 31  2020 (EUR 1 329.1 million) reflects:Free cash flow of EUR 603.0 million;Dividend payments totaling EUR 186.1 million;Acquisitions (net) and repayment of amounts owed to shareholders  accounting for EUR 69.7 million;Lease payments (related to the application of IFRS 16)  accounting for EUR 121.8 million;Other items that decreased the Group's debt by EUR 52.3 million (including foreign exchange).2021 BUSINESS REVIEWMARINE & OFFSHOREIN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 375.2 366.7 +2.3% +3.3% - (1.0)% Adjusted operating profit 84.1 80.4 +4.6% Adjusted operating margin 22.4% 21.9% +47bps +82bps - (35)bpsThe Marine & Offshore business delivered robust 3.3% organic revenue growth in 2021. In the fourth quarter  organic revenue was broadly stable (negative 0.1%)  a reflection of challenging comparables. The full year organic performance results mainly from:A low single-digit decline in New Construction (40% of divisional revenue)  reflecting the slowdown in the new order intake in the prior year (notably in Asia  considering the lead time)  and against more challenging comparables;High single-digit growth in the Core In-service activity (45% of divisional revenue)  which benefited from: i) occasional surveys aimed at improving energy efficiency; ii) a catch-up of postponed surveys in 2020; iii) the fleet’s modest growth and a declining level of laid-up ships. The fleet classed by Bureau Veritas continued to grow in 2021 (up 0.7% on a yearly basis)  led by all sectors. At year end  it comprised 11 531 ships  representing 137.9 million of Gross Register Tonnage (GRT);Low single-digit growth for Services (15% of divisional revenue  including Offshore)  benefiting from the diversification of services. The Offshore business remained impacted by a lack of orders in the Oil & Gas market  although the oil price rebound triggered renewed activity for risk assessment services. The year 2021 was marked by a significant increase in investments in the wind energy sector for onshore and offshore wind turbines.In 2021  the shipping market experienced a very sharp rebound  with a more than two-fold increase in worldwide new orders (in GRT) compared to 2020  driven by container ships and the energy market (gas essentially). Bureau Veritas new orders achieved 8.0 million gross tons in 2021  up 31.1% from 6.1 million gross tons in the prior-year period. The order book  which remains very diversified  stood at 16.3 million gross tons at the end of the year  up 15.3% year on year and compared to 14.1 million gross tons in 2020. The container ship and energy markets showed encouraging signs of recovery. In both sectors  the shipping lines and oil companies have chosen what is today the best transition technology: LNG propulsion. Bureau Veritas has therefore been able to leverage its leadership position in the LNG field by offering its class services for LNG carriers  LNG refueling tankers and ships using LNG as a fuel.Adjusted operating margin for the year improved by 47 basis points to 22.4% compared to 2020. Organically  it rose by 82 basis points  led by operating leverage  cost containment and a positive mix.Sustainability achievementsThe Group continued to address the challenges of sustainability and the energy transition by providing rules and guidelines for the safety  risk and performance requirements for innovation in future fuels and propulsion systems. The Group helped its customers comply with environmental regulations  implement sustainable solutions on board  and measure progress in decarbonization.In the last quarter of 2021  the Group delivered an Approval in Principle (AiP) to Zéphyr & Borée for its first open-top 1 800 TEU containership  demonstrating the feasibility of using wind-propelled wing-sails on this type of vessel. The vessel is equipped with shaft generators and a heat recovery system assisted by eight sails  that minimizes fuel consumption. Among emerging options  wind-assisted propulsion is considered a strong contender for achieving significant emissions reduction  using a free  clean and renewable energy source available worldwide.The Group also delivered an Approval in Principle (AiP) to Hyundai Heavy Industries for its design and development of a floating offshore wind turbine foundation. This was designed to support a 10MW wind turbine with proven semi-submersible and mooring technology.AGRI-FOOD & COMMODITIESIN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 065.2 1 029.6 +3.5% +4.6% (0.2)% (0.9)% Adjusted operating profit 142.5 125.0 +14.0% Adjusted operating margin 13.4% 12.1% +124bps +124bps +3bps (3)bpsThe Agri-Food & Commodities business achieved organic revenue growth of 4.6% in 2021  with strong trends for Metal & Minerals as well as for Government services. Q4 recorded 2.9% organic growth.The Oil & Petrochemicals segment (O&P  31% of divisional revenue) recorded a mid-single-digit organic decline (with some improvement noticeable in the last quarter  up 0.8%). The O&P Trade market continued to suffer from reduced testing volumes due to lower fuel consumption (notably for aviation fuel/gasoline)  combined with intense price pressure. All regions were impacted apart from the Middle East and Africa (which benefited from new services). Throughout the year  the Group continued its diversification push towards more value-added segments  which will bring greater growth opportunities: they include submitted samples  Oil Condition Monitoring (OCM)  fuel marking program  biofuels (made from animal oil for instance) or Liquified Natural Gas (LNG).The Metals & Minerals segment (M&M  32% of divisional revenue) delivered double-digit organic growth overall  across the entire value chain. Upstream (two-thirds of M&M) remained strong (up 17.5% organically)  led by the Group key hubs (Australia  Canada  Latin America and Africa). It benefited from high levels of exploration and mine expansion activity  primarily driven by gold  copper  iron ore and other base metals. The Group continued to successfully develop its on-site labs business with key wins in all the main mining geographies (including a copper mine in Latin America  gold mine in Alaska and gold and copper mines in Australia). Besides this  the Group is seeing an increasing interest in a variety of metals such as lithium (for EV batteries) and minerals such as potash for fertilizer feedstocks. Trade activities recorded double-digit organic growth  led by strong demand for all M&M products as major economies recovered from the pandemic.Agri-Food (23% of divisional revenue) achieved a low single-digit organic performance in the year with similar performances for Food and Agricultural products. The Agri Upstream business recorded strong growth benefiting from higher volumes for field and harvest monitoring in Brazil  although Q4 was impacted by poor corn and sugar crops. Conversely  the agricultural inspection activities suffered from reduced trading volumes in both Europe and Latin America (with Covid-19 and supply chain constraints). The Food business recorded robust growth thanks to the laboratories testing business in North America (new labs opening)  the Middle East and Africa  while the inspections activities were impacted by the pandemic situation  notably in Asia Pacific. Moving forward  the Agri-Food growth drivers remain strong  driven by the population increase  the globalization of the food supply chain  more stringent regulations and rising consumer demand in terms of quality and product traceability. Consumers seek safe  healthy (preservative free)  “planet friendly” (sustainable sourcing of raw material)  and locally produced food.Government services (14% of divisional revenue) recorded a high single-digit organic increase in the year (of which a mid-single-digit increase in the fourth quarter) led by most geographies. Strong growth was delivered in the African countries led by the ramp-up of VOC (Verification of Conformity) contracts in Democratic Republic of Congo  Morocco  Kenya  Zimbabwe  and Single Window contracts. A significant percentage of inspections was performed remotely during the year  and notably for VOC contracts in Africa.The adjusted operating margin for the Agri-Food & Commodities business increased to 13.4%  up 124 basis points compared to last year. This was led by the topline recovery  a positive mix and cost actions.Sustainability achievementsThe Group is building transparency and promoting sustainability from farm to fork with its global  end-to-end expertise covering inspection  audit & certification  and testing services. It is committed to supporting responsible use of natural resources and animal welfare  as well as ensuring the reliability of complex supply chains  enabling end consumers to make informed decisions. In the Oil & Petrochemicals segment  the Group is testing Bio-based carbon content on Renewable commodities through C14 methods in the Netherlands. The Dutch Emissions Authority require all companies producing  storing and trading biofuels in the Netherlands to validate the accuracy of biogenic contents in the biofuels.INDUSTRYIN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 013.5 965.6 +5.0% +7.5% +0.0% (2.5)% Adjusted operating profit 126.6 108.0 +17.2% Adjusted operating margin 12.5% 11.2% +130bps +133bps +8bps (11)bpsIndustry revenue increased by 7.5% organically in the full year (including 1.3% in Q4 due to comparables).By geography  most regions delivered growth in the year  with Latin America leading the way (led by Peru and Argentina) alongside Asia (driven by China)  the Middle East  Africa  Europe (fueled by France and Southern European countries) and Canada.By market  Power & Utilities (14% of divisional revenue) remained the key driver of growth for the portfolio with a double-digit organic performance achieved in 2021. Latin America continued to benefit from a combination of ramp-up of contract wins with various Power Distribution clients  volume increases on existing contracts and new targeted opportunities (such as power field services to utilities). The sales pipeline remains very promising. In Europe  growth was primarily fueled by France (with good trends for nuclear power plants) and Spain (power generation)  and in the Middle East through several capex projects.The energy transition is gaining momentum and most economies across the globe have now set net-zero emission targets for their countries. The Group sees significant opportunities in renewable power generation but also for power grids  as well as e-mobility and Power-to-X technologies to build a low-carbon transport sector. Throughout 2021  significant progress has been made in the build-up of the global renewables platform  both through organic investment and M&A  thanks to the acquisition of Bradley Construction Management in the US. In offshore wind  new licenses to operate (LTOs) have been obtained to strengthen the Group’s position in project certification.In Oil & Gas (29% of divisional revenue)  the activity improved  benefiting from the restart of many projects which were put on hold and from favorable comparables. Opex-related activities (representing two-thirds of the Oil & Gas business) delivered double-digit organic growth as activity levels have resumed since restrictions have been lifted. Growth was particularly strong in Latin America  in the Middle East and in Africa. Key Oil & Gas actors are commencing their transition to a low-carbon strategy by reducing emissions and changing the energy mix  notably through gas-as-transition fuel and alternative fuels. This translates as a shift in the Group’s backlog of Capex projects towards Gas and LNG. During the year  the growth was supported by gas projects in Eastern countries  Latin America (led by Brazil and Argentina) and the Middle East (led by the United Arab Emirates). As of today  the share of Oil & Gas in Group revenue has been significantly reduced to 6%  of which 2% is Capex-related.Adjusted operating margin for the year was 12.5%  up 130 basis points from 11.2% in 2020. It is attributable to the revenue increase  cost actions and a positive business mix.Sustainability achievementsIn 2021  the Group made progress in the development of carbon neutrality services. As an example  it helped Anddes  a provider of services to the mining industry in Latin America  to reduce its carbon footprint through the implementation of green processes for its industrial assets.Bureau Veritas was also selected to undertake many renewables projects across several geographies. This includes the certification for the Moray West offshore windfarm in Scotland  in which the Group will be providing independent verification and delivery of full project certification including design review  manufacturing surveillance  transport and installation surveillance  and commissioning surveillance.Lastly  Supply-R was successfully implemented during the year with several major global clients across different markets. This solution  which was launched as a pilot in 2020  has been designed to meet companies’ new challenges relating to supplier network reliability and ensuring business continuity in all circumstances.BUILDINGS & INFRASTRUCTUREIN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 1 458.4 1 314.1 +11.0% +11.8% (0.2)% (0.6)% Adjusted operating profit 208.7 144.7 +44.2% Adjusted operating margin 14.3% 11.0% +330bps +331bps +6bps (7)bpsBuildings & Infrastructure (B&I) revenue saw a double-digit organic increase (up 11.8%) in 2021  fueled by all regions and notably the Americas. In the fourth quarter  revenue grew 2.5% on an organic basis.Double-digit organic revenue growth was achieved in Construction-related activities (Capex; 52% of divisional revenue) and high single-digit growth in Buildings In-service activities (48% of divisional revenue).The Americas region (20% of divisional revenue) experienced very strong double-digit growth thanks to a stellar performance in the United States (up 35.3% organically)  a combination of improving market conditions  strong commercial development and favorable comparables. A strong dynamic was maintained throughout the year for data center commissioning services to support the increase in remote workforces. Large project management assistance for Opex-related services across all sectors also greatly contributed to the performance. In Latin America  the activity benefited from the strong recovery of Brazil (up 45.2%) thanks to solid commercial development alongside strong trends in both Argentina and Colombia.In Asia Pacific (22% of divisional revenue)  the Group recorded a high single-digit organic growth increase primarily led by the recovery of the Chinese operations (up 10.6% organically including a 7.2% increase in the fourth quarter) which benefited from the restart of large infrastructure projects in the field of energy and transportation. The Group has a limited exposure to the real estate/residential market. Looking forward  Bureau Veritas expects to continue benefiting from the Chinese government’s support to the domestic economy through long-term infrastructure spending. Elsewhere  Australia reported double-digit growth led by the rollout of several contracts. Japan improved towards the year end thanks to a catch-up of regulatory-driven activities and code compliance services as travel restrictions were gradually lifted.Europe (55% of divisional revenue) delivered mid-single-digit organic revenue growth  primarily led by Southern Europe (Spain and Italy being both in the double-digits) and by the UK thanks to large contract wins. France (44% of divisional revenue) grew 3.8% organically fueled by the Opex-related activities (around three quarters of the French business)  a reflection of staff increases and some catch-up in regulatory-driven inspections after a weak 2020 affected by the lockdowns. The momentum in energy efficiency program services remained strong and contributed to the growth. Capex-related work slightly rebounded in a stabilizing new build market. The sales pipeline related to the Green Deal in France as well as the upcoming Olympic Games continued to grow with opportunities mainly focused on energy efficiency.Lastly  in the Middle East & Africa region (3% of divisional revenue)  the Group achieved very strong growth led by Saudi Arabia  and by the United Arab Emirates (UAE) with an acceleration in the fourth quarter  benefiting from the development of numerous projects as oil prices rebounded.New mobility  in particular electrical vehicles  continued to provide new growth opportunities in 2021. Numerous tenders are ongoing  and the Group was awarded multiple technical control and station product conformity contracts in many countries (with the US leading the way).Adjusted operating margin for the year jumped by 330 basis points to 14.3% from 11.0% in 2020. This was due to strong operational leverage  fueled by the growth recovery.Sustainability achievementsFor many years  the Group has been developing services related to the sustainability of buildings and infrastructure and is currently strongly increasing its focus in this domain. The demand of owners/concessionaires of buildings and infrastructure for energy efficiency and carbon footprint monitoring continues to increase worldwide. In 2021  Bureau Veritas launched a full package of services advancing decarbonization solutions to support asset managers to achieve their Net Zero commitments. For instance  the Group helped the Midea Group  China's largest home appliances brand  to commit to its environmental protection and carbon neutrality goals by delivering a building energy efficiency verification across its facilities.CERTIFICATIONIN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 398.2 339.6 +17.3% +15.4% +3.3% (1.4)% Adjusted operating profit 75.5 53.7 +40.6% Adjusted operating margin 19.0% 15.8% +315bps +362bps (31)bps (16)bpsCertification activity recorded strong 15.4% growth on an organic basis (with a 3.6% decline in Q4 against very tough comparables). This was fueled by i) a catch-up of 2020 postponed audits in H1; ii) the effect related to a year of recertification for several schemes; and iii) strong trends in Sustainability-driven solutions.All geographies achieved double-digit organic growth. The Americas  Africa and the Middle East performed above the divisional average (led notably by stellar growth in Latin America) with European growth led by France  Germany and the UK and growth in Asia by China and India.In 2021  the Group was able to recover part of the activity that was cancelled in 2020 and maintain a high activity level despite the lockdown measures and travel restrictions experienced in many countries. Thanks to the implementation of remote audits and virtual training  Bureau Veritas was able to deliver many audits and training sessions that would have been cancelled in 2021 during the successive waves of the Covid-19 pandemic. Leveraging the technologies  processes and experience developed in 2020  remote audits represented on average 18% of the audit man-days delivered during the year.During the year  the activity benefited from the renewal of the certificates which were issued in 2018 as part of the transition to new standards for Quality (ISO 9001:2015)  Environment (ISO 14001:2015) and Transportation (Automotive  Aerospace and Railways). The migration of OHSAS 18001 certificates to the new ISO 45001 standard for Health & Safety and the transition to new standards in Food (ISO 22000:2018)  Energy (ISO 50001:2018) and Information Services Management (ISO 20000:2018) also contributed to the performance.Within the Group’s portfolio  the best performers were Transportation (led by the IATF standards in Automotive) and Customized Audits on the supplier audit side. Training services also recovered as they benefited from the economic rebound and the possibility of rescheduling face-to-face training sessions. Digitalization has been stepped up in the field of training  with the Group now offering several VCR (virtual classroom)  e-learning and hybrid skills-building training programs.Sustainability-related solutions continued to gain momentum throughout the year. They help companies verify their energy efficiency  carbon and environmental footprint  Greenhouse gas emissions  social responsibility commitments and sustainability reports. Bureau Veritas Sustainability services grew by 15.0%  led by a stellar performance for Greenhouse gas emissions verification services related to Carbon footprint assessments  Offsetting & removals projects and Neutrality or net zero goals. The growth was also driven by Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Certification services.In CSR  Bureau Veritas continued to invest in social audits (SA 8000)  and the Group has reinforced its services for green finance and leveraged its Enterprise Risk Management services to cover Environmental  Social and Governance assessments for investors  and thereby foster and seize the growing opportunity for the certification of responsible investments.New product development continued to support the division’s growth (being up double-digit organically during the year) and addressed overall rising client demand for brand protection and traceability all along the supply chain. This was primarily led by Enterprise Risk  Business Continuity  Cybersecurity and IT management systems solutions.Adjusted operating margin for the year returned to a very healthy 19.0%  compared to 15.8% in the prior year. This reflects a 315-basis point increase (up 362 basis points organically) led by strong operational leverage  a positive mix effect and the benefit of remote audits.Sustainability achievementsIn December 2021  Bureau Veritas Certification launched Clarity  the first Management solution to help companies manage their ESG strategy  measure its performance and track its implementation. With Clarity  the Group enables companies to bring transparency and credibility to their ESG commitments and put their sustainability strategy in motion. Since the launch  the Group has seen strong traction for this offering.CONSUMER PRODUCTSIN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Revenue 670.6 585.4 +14.6% +15.7% +0.1% (1.2)% Adjusted operating profit 164.4 103.2 +59.3% Adjusted operating margin 24.5% 17.6% +689bps +679bps (1)bp +11bpsConsumer Products was the best performing business within the Group’s portfolio in 2021 with organic growth of 15.7%  primarily led by a large pick-up of activity in Asia (China in particular)  across all product categories. Testing activities rebounded the most (up 22.8%). In the last quarter  revenue increased by 9.5% on an organic basis.By geography  the growth in Asia strongly outperformed (primarily led by China and also South East Asian countries) whereas activity levels grew at a lesser pace elsewhere (Europe  Latin America and North America). Two countries strongly benefited from the diversification strategy implemented by the Group  namely Mexico (domestic driven) and Turkey (export led)  which both grew high double-digit organically.Softlines (35% of divisional revenue) performed better than the divisional average in the year (including a strong fourth quarter)  led by a stellar performance in both Asia and North America as some product launches resumed after a weak year in 2020. Growth was fueled by a strong recovery in China  notably in the last quarter. Strong momentum was maintained in South East Asia (Vietnam  Indonesia  Bangladesh  India and Sri Lanka essentially) despite some disruption caused by the lockdown measures during part of the year. These countries continued to benefit from a structural sourcing shift out of China although reversing trends were noticed in the last quarter to tackle the Covid-related disruption in South East Asia. In 2021  the Group acquired a Chinese softlines testing business focusing on domestic brands and e-shops to strengthen its exposure in the domestic Chinese market.Hardlines (31% of divisional revenue) performed in line with the divisional average led by all product categories  and notably small appliances and do-it-yourself products. Toys rebounded driven by China and large key accounts. Cosmetics  Health & Beauty grew strongly in Asia while luxury products continued to be led by Italy. Inspection and Audit services grew below the average  still benefiting from strong demand for Social & CSR audits although they were affected by Covid-19 related shutdowns.Lastly  Technology17 (including Electrical & Electronics  34% of divisional revenue) performed below the divisional average  with a high single-digit organic performance in both Wireless Testing (wireless technologies/Internet of Things (IoT) products) and in Automotive (reliability testing and homologation services). The growth was primarily fueled by Asia  including China  South Korea and Taiwan. Conversely  the US suffered from staffing issues and Europe (including Germany) from contract terminations.In Asia  the momentum experienced on 5G-related products/infrastructure remained strong and the Group further invested in its test platforms (Taiwan  South Korea and China in particular) to take full advantage of this development opportunity. The Chinese domestic market is being addressed with many projects underway including the start of operation of a wireless testing lab during the year.Adjusted operating margin for the year strongly increased to 24.5% (up 689 basis points  of which 679 basis points organically)  attributable to the effect of a high revenue increase  favorable mix effects (business and geography) and the benefit of several cost reduction actions from the prior year.Sustainability achievementsIn 2021  Bureau Veritas supported its clients by offering product life cycle analyses and eco-design. To this end  the Group issues the “Footprint Progress©” certification label to distinguish eco-designed products. Amongst its clients  Walmart launched ECO Records  an automated platform that focuses on more sustainable claims. The platform will provide a centralized location to accelerate the more sustainable claim submission and review process. The document review for this eco claim will be performed by Bureau Veritas. As far as Sustainable Chemical Management is concerned  H&M has expanded its environmental chemical management beyond apparel products. It included Bureau Veritas BVE3  an online environmental emissions evaluator  in accessories and footwear in the first half. The tool helps the brand to reduce the apparel and footwear industry’s hazardous chemical footprint.PRESENTATION Full year 2021 results will be presented on Thursday  February 24  2022  at 3:00 p.m. (Paris time) A video conference will be webcast live. Please connect to: Link to the video conference The presentation slides will be available on: https://group.bureauveritas.com All supporting documents will be available on the website Live dial-in numbers: France: +33 (0)1 70 37 71 66 UK: +44 (0)33 0551 0200 US: +1 212 999 6659 International: +44 (0)33 0551 0200 Password: Bureau Veritas2022 FINANCIAL CALENDAR Q1 2022 revenue: April 21  2022 Annual General Meeting: June 24  2022 H1 2022 Results: July 28  2022About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has close to 80 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20 and SBF 120 indices.Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Caroline Ponsi Khider +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0)7 52 60 89 78 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com caroline.ponsi-khider@bureauveritas.com Florent Chaix DGM Conseil +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 +33 (0)1 40 70 11 89 florent.chaix@bureauveritas.com thomasdeclimens@dgm-conseil.frquentin.hua@dgm-conseil.frThis press release (including the appendices) contains forward-looking statements  which are based on current plans and forecasts of Bureau Veritas’ management. Such forward-looking statements are by their nature subject to a number of important risk and uncertainty factors such as those described in the Universal Registration Document (“Document d’enregistrement universel”) filed by Bureau Veritas with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) that could cause actual results to differ from the plans  objectives and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Bureau Veritas undertakes no obligation to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  according to applicable regulations.APPENDIX 1: Q4 AND FULL YEAR 2021 REVENUE BY BUSINESSIN EUR MILLIONS Q4 / FY 2021 Q4 / FY 2020 CHANGE ORGANIC SCOPE CURRENCY Marine & Offshore 93.7 92.4 +1.4% (0.1)% - +1.5% Agri-Food & Commodities 274.1 260.0 +5.4% +2.9% (0.6)% +3.1% Industry 267.2 256.9 +4.0% +1.3% +1.1% +1.6% Buildings & Infrastructure 392.2 375.1 +4.6% +2.5% - +2.1% Certification 109.3 109.1 +0.2% (3.6)% +3.1% +0.7% Consumer Products 180.5 158.7 +13.7% +9.5% +0.2% +4.0% Total Q4 revenue 1 317.0 1 252.2 +5.2% +2.5% +0.4% +2.3% Marine & Offshore 375.2 366.7 +2.3% +3.3% - (1.0)% Agri-Food & Commodities 1 065.2 1 029.6 +3.5% +4.6% (0.2)% (0.9)% Industry 1 013.5 965.6 +5.0% +7.5% - (2.5)% Buildings & Infrastructure 1 458.4 1 314.1 +11.0% +11.8% (0.2)% (0.6)% Certification 398.2 339.6 +17.3% +15.4% +3.3% (1.4)% Consumer Products 670.6 585.4 +14.6% +15.7% +0.1% (1.2)% Total Full Year revenue 4 981.1 4 601.0 +8.3% +9.4% +0.1% (1.2)%APPENDIX 2: 2021 REVENUE BY QUARTER2021 REVENUE BY QUARTER IN EUR MILLIONS Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Marine & Offshore 94.1 95.1 92.3 93.7 Agri-Food & Commodities 249.2 268.8 273.1 274.1 Industry 232.5 254.7 259.1 267.2 Buildings & Infrastructure 347.2 362.0 357.0 392.2 Certification 91.9 104.6 92.4 109.3 Consumer Products 139.8 178.5 171.8 180.5 Total revenue 1 154.7 1 263.7 1 245.7 1 317.0APPENDIX 3: ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT AND MARGIN BY BUSINESSADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGIN 20212020CHANGE(%)20212020 CHANGE IN EUR MILLIONS (BASIS POINTS) Marine & Offshore 84.1 80.4 +4.6% 22.4% 21.9% +47 Agri-Food & Commodities 142.5 125.0 +14.0% 13.4% 12.1% +124 Industry 126.6 108.0 +17.2% 12.5% 11.2% +130 Buildings & Infrastructure 208.7 144.7 +44.2% 14.3% 11.0% +330 Certification 75.5 53.7 +40.6% 19.0% 15.8% +315 Consumer Products 164.4 103.2 +59.3% 24.5% 17.6% +689 Total Group 801.8 615.0 +30.4% 16.1% 13.4% +273APPENDIX 4: EXTRACTS FROM THE FULL YEAR CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSExtracts from the full year consolidated financial statements audited and approved on February 23  2022 by the Board of Directors. The audit procedures for the full year accounts have been undertaken and the Statutory Auditors’ report has been published.CONSOLIDATED INCOME SATEMENT IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 Revenue 4 981.1 4 601.0 Purchases and external charges (1 394.0) (1 350.3) Personnel costs (2 565.6) (2 343.5) Taxes other than on income (44.9) (45.0) Net (additions to)/reversals of provisions (3.4) (72.5) Depreciation and amortization (275.2) (362.9) Other operating income and expense  net 20.8 (19.4) Operating profit 718.8 407.4 Share of profit of equity-accounted companies - 0.1 Operating profit after share of profit of equity-accounted companies 718.8 407.5 Income from cash and cash equivalents 4.0 7.1 Finance costs  gross (78.7) (115.3) Finance costs  net (74.7) (108.2) Other financial income and expense  net 1.4 (29.6) Net financial expense (73.3) (137.8) Profit before income tax 645.5 269.7 Income tax expense (199.3) (130.8) Net income (loss) from continuing operations - - Net income (loss) from discontinued operations - - Net profit 446.2 138.9 Non-controlling interests 25.3 13.6 Attributable net profit 420.9 125.3 Earnings per share (in euros): Basic earnings per share 0.93 0.28 Diluted earnings per share 0.92 0.28CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION IN EUR MILLIONS DEC. 31  2021 DEC. 31  2020 Goodwill 2 079.1 1 942.9 Intangible assets 402.5 427.3 Property  plant and equipment 364.3 348.8 Right-of-use assets 376.3 375.7 Non-current financial assets 107.4 105.7 Deferred income tax assets 128.5 136.6 Total non-current assets 3 458.1 3 337.0 Trade and other receivables 1 504.3 1 332.7 Contract assets 308.0 232.1 Current income tax assets 33.3 46.1 Derivative financial instruments 4.7 6.7 Other current financial assets 23.6 17.0 Cash and cash equivalents 1 420.7 1 594.5 Total current assets 3 294.6 3 229.1 Assets held for sale - - TOTAL ASSETS 6 752.7 6 566.1 Share capital 54.3 54.2 Retained earnings and other reserves 1 584.2 1 183.8 Equity attributable to owners of the Company 1 638.5 1 238.0 Non-controlling interests 68.6 47.7 Total equity 1 707.1 1 285.7 Non-current borrowings and financial debt 2 362.0 2 376.2 Non-current lease liabilities 307.5 320.4 Derivative financial instruments - - Other non-current financial liabilities 126.3 91.4 Deferred income tax liabilities 87.8 84.4 Pension plans and other long-term employee benefits 185.8 197.7 Provisions for other liabilities and charges 80.2 92.5 Total non-current liabilities 3 149.6 3 162.6 Trade and other payables 1 275.0 1 089.6 Contract liabilities 223.9 194.9 Current income tax liabilities 101.8 125.8 Current borrowings and financial debt 112.1 550.5 Current lease liabilities 107.6 99.3 Derivative financial instruments 2.7 3.6 Other current financial liabilities 72.9 54.1 Total current liabilities 1 896.0 2 117.8 Liabilities held for sale - - TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 6 752.7 6 566.1CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 Profit before income tax 645.5 269.7 Elimination of cash flows from financing and investing activities 33.1 140.1 Provisions and other non-cash items 49.1 48.7 Depreciation  amortization and impairment 275.2 362.9 Movements in working capital requirement attributable to operations (13.6) 149.0 Income tax paid (198.6) (161.3) Net cash generated from operating activities 790.7 809.1 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (58.4) (20.8) Proceeds from sales of subsidiaries and businesses 1.6 4.5 Purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (121.0) (98.4) Proceeds from sales of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets 6.5 10.1 Purchases of non-current financial assets (13.0) (25.2) Proceeds from sales of non-current financial assets 15.9 29.5 Change in loans and advances granted (3.8) 2.7 Dividends received from equity-accounted companies 0.2 0.1 Net cash used in investing activities (172.0) (97.5) Capital increase 21.1 2.7 Purchases/sales of treasury shares 24.3 8.8 Dividends paid (186.1) (31.8) Increase in borrowings and other debt 46.3 790.5 Repayment of borrowings and other debt (504.3) (1 123.5) Repayment of amounts owed to shareholders (12.9) (1.7) Repayment of lease liabilities and interest (121.8) (119.1) Interest paid (73.2) (86.6) Net cash used in financing activities (806.6) (560.7) Impact of currency translation differences 11.3 (29.6) Impact of changes in accounting method - - Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents (176.6) 121.3 Net cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period 1 587.0 1 465.7 Net cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 1 410.4 1 587.0 o/w cash and cash equivalents 1 420.7 1 594.5 o/w bank overdrafts (10.3) (7.5)APPENDIX 5: DETAILED NET FINANCIAL EXPENSENET FINANCIAL EXPENSE IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 Finance costs  net (74.7) (108.2) Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 6.6 (22.2) Interest cost on pension plans 0.6 (2.9) Other (5.8) (4.5) Net financial expense (73.3) (137.8)APPENDIX 6: ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORSADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 Operating profit 718.8 407.4 Amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions 64.1 132.8 Impairment and retirement of non-current assets 4.9 34.6 Restructuring costs 6.9 26.5 Acquisitions and disposals 7.1 13.7 Impairment of goodwill - - Total adjustment items 83.0 207.6 Adjusted operating profit 801.8 615.0CHANGE IN ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2020 adjusted operating profit 615.0 Organic change +196.9 Organic adjusted operating profit 811.9 Scope +2.5 Adjusted operating profit at constant currency 814.4 Currency (12.6) 2021 adjusted operating profit 801.8ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATE IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 Profit before income tax 645.5 269.7 Income tax expense (199.3) (130.8) ETR(a) 30.9% 48.5% Adjusted ETR 30.1% 36.6% (a) Effective tax rate (ETR) = Income tax expense / Profit before income taxATTRIBUTABLE NET PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 Attributable net profit 420.9 125.3 EPS(a) (€ per share) 0.93 0.28 Adjustment items 83.0 207.6 Net profit (loss) from operations to be sold - - Tax impact on adjustment items (20.0) (43.8) Non-controlling interest on adjustment items (3.1) (3.9) Adjusted attributable net profit 480.8 285.2 Adjusted EPS(a) (€ per share) 1.07 0.64 (a) Calculated using the weighted average number of shares: 450 921 434 in 2021and 448 616 542 in 2020CHANGE IN ADJUSTED ATTRIBUTABLE NET PROFIT IN EUR MILLIONS 2020 adjusted attributable net profit 285.2 Organic change and scope +205.4 Adjusted attributable net profit at constant currency 490.6 Currency (9.8) 2021 adjusted attributable net profit 480.8FREE CASH FLOW IN EUR MILLIONS 2021 2020 Net cash generated from operating activities(operating cash flow) 790.7 809.1 Net purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (114.5) (88.3) Interest paid (73.2) (86.6) Free cash flow 603.0 634.2CHANGE IN NET CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES IN EUR MILLIONS Net cash generated from operating activities at December 31  2020 809.1 Organic change (15.2) Organic net cash generated from operating activities 793.9 Scope +0.5 Net cash generated from operating activities at constant currency 794.4 Currency (3.7) Net cash generated from operating activities at December 31  2021 790.7ADJUSTED NET FINANCIAL DEBT IN EUR MILLIONS DEC. 31  2021 DEC. 31  2020 Gross financial debt 2 474.1 2 926.7 Cash and cash equivalents 1 420.7 1 594.5 Consolidated net financial debt 1 053.4 1 332.2 Currency hedging instruments (2.0) (3.1) Adjusted net financial debt 1 051.4 1 329.1APPENDIX 7: DEFINITION OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE INDICATORS AND RECONCILIATION WITH IFRSThe management process used by Bureau Veritas is based on a series of alternative performance indicators  as presented below. These indicators were defined for the purposes of preparing the Group’s budgets and internal and external reporting. Bureau Veritas considers that these indicators provide additional useful information to financial statement users  enabling them to better understand the Group’s performance  especially its operating performance. Some of these indicators represent benchmarks in the testing  inspection and certification (“TIC”) business and are commonly used and tracked by the financial community. These alternative performance indicators should be seen as a complement to IFRS-compliant indicators and the resulting changes.GROWTHTotal revenue growthThe total revenue growth percentage measures changes in consolidated revenue between the previous year and the current year. Total revenue growth has three components:organic growth;impact of changes in the scope of consolidation (scope effect);impact of changes in exchange rates (currency effect).Organic growthThe Group internally monitors and publishes “organic” revenue growth  which it considers to be more representative of the Group’s operating performance in each of its business sectors.The main measure used to manage and track consolidated revenue growth is like-for-like  or organic growth. Determining organic growth enables the Group to monitor trends in its business excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control  as well as scope effects  which concern new businesses or businesses that no longer form part of the business portfolio. Organic growth is used to monitor the Group’s performance internally.Bureau Veritas considers that organic growth provides management and investors with a more comprehensive understanding of its underlying operating performance and current business trends  excluding the impact of acquisitions  divestments (outright divestments as well as the unplanned suspension of operations – in the event of international sanctions  for example) and changes in exchange rates for businesses exposed to foreign exchange volatility  which can mask underlying trends.The Group also considers that separately presenting organic revenue generated by its businesses provides management and investors with useful information on trends in its industrial businesses  and enables a more direct comparison with other companies in its industry.Organic revenue growth represents the percentage of revenue growth  presented at Group level and for each business  based on constant scope of consolidation and exchange rates over comparable periods:constant scope of consolidation: data are restated for the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation over a 12-month period;constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.Scope effectTo establish a meaningful comparison between reporting periods  the impact of changes in the scope of consolidation is determined:for acquisitions carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the current year;for acquisitions carried out in the previous year: by deducting from revenue for the current year revenue generated by the acquired businesses in the months in the previous year in which they were not consolidated;for disposals and divestments carried out in the current year: by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year in the months of the current year in which they were not part of the Group;for disposals and divestments carried out in the previous year  by deducting from revenue for the previous year revenue generated by the disposed and divested businesses in the previous year prior to their disposal/divestment.Currency effectThe currency effect is calculated by translating revenue for the current year at the exchange rates for the previous year.ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT AND ADJUSTED OPERATING MARGINAdjusted operating profit and adjusted operating margin are key indicators used to measure the performance of the business  excluding material items that cannot be considered inherent to the Group’s underlying intrinsic performance owing to their nature. Bureau Veritas considers that these indicators  presented at Group level and for each business  are more representative of the operating performance in its industry.Adjusted operating profitAdjusted operating profit represents operating profit prior to adjustments for the following:amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions;impairment of goodwill;impairment and retirement of non-current assets;gains and losses on disposals of businesses and other income and expenses relating to acquisitions (fees and costs on acquisitions of businesses  contingent consideration on acquisitions of businesses);restructuring costs.When an acquisition is carried out during the financial year  the amortization of the related intangible assets is calculated on a time proportion basis.Since a measurement period of 12 months is allowed for determining the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities  amortization of intangible assets in the year of acquisition may  in some cases  be based on a temporary measurement and be subject to minor adjustments in the subsequent reporting period  once the definitive value of the intangible assets is known.Organic adjusted operating profit represents operating profit adjusted for scope and currency effects over comparable periods:at constant scope of consolidation: data are restated based on a 12-month period;at constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.The scope and currency effects are calculated using a similar approach to that used for revenue for each component of operating profit and adjusted operating profit.Adjusted operating marginAdjusted operating margin expressed as a percentage represents adjusted operating profit divided by revenue. Adjusted operating margin can be presented on an organic basis or at constant exchange rates  thereby  in the latter case  providing a view of the Group’s performance excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control.ADJUSTED EFFECTIVE TAX RATEThe effective tax rate (ETR) represents income tax expense divided by the amount of pre-tax profit.The adjusted effective tax rate (adjusted ETR) represents income tax expense adjusted for the tax effect on adjustment items divided by pre-tax profit before taking into account the adjustment items (see adjusted operating profit definition).ADJUSTED NET PROFITAdjusted attributable net profitAdjusted attributable net profit is defined as attributable net profit adjusted for adjustment items (see adjusted operating profit definition) and for the tax effect on adjustment items. Adjusted attributable net profit excludes non-controlling interests in adjustment items and only concerns continuing operations.Adjusted attributable net profit can be presented at constant exchange rates  thereby providing a view of the Group’s performance excluding the impact of currency fluctuations  which are outside of Bureau Veritas’ control. The currency effect is calculated by translating the various income statement items for the current year at the exchange rates for the previous year.Adjusted attributable net profit per shareAdjusted attributable net profit per share (adjusted EPS or earnings per share) is defined as adjusted attributable net profit divided by the weighted average number of shares in the period.FREE CASH FLOWFree cash flow represents net cash generated from operating activities (operating cash flow)  adjusted for the following items:purchases of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets;proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets;interest paid.Net cash generated from operating activities is shown after income tax paid.Organic free cash flow represents free cash flow at constant scope and exchange rates over comparable periods:at constant scope of consolidation: data are restated based on a 12-month period;at constant exchange rates: data for the current year are restated using exchange rates for the previous year.The scope and currency effects are calculated using a similar approach to that used for revenue for each component of net cash generated from operating activities and free cash flow.FINANCIAL DEBTGross debtGross debt (or gross finance costs/financial debt) represents bank loans and borrowings plus bank overdrafts.Net debtNet debt (or net finance costs/financial debt) as defined and used by the Group represents gross debt less cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents comprise marketable securities and similar receivables as well as cash at bank and on hand.Adjusted net debtAdjusted net debt (or adjusted net finance costs/financial debt) as defined and used by the Group represents net debt taking into account currency and interest rate hedging instruments.CONSOLIDATED EBITDAConsolidated EBITDA represents net profit before interest  tax  depreciation  amortization and provisions  adjusted for any entities acquired over the last 12 months. Consolidated EBITDA is used by the Group to track its bank covenants.1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 6 and 7 of this press release.2 Proposed dividend  subject to Shareholders’ Meeting approval on June 24  2022.3 Signing on February 4  2021.4 Acquisition closed on July 30  2021 and announced on September 1  2021.5 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).6 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band II (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).7 Greenhouse gas emissions from offices and laboratories  tons of CO 2 equivalent net emissions per employee and per year corresponding to scopes 1  2 and 3 (emissions related to business travel).8 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).9 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band II (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).10 Greenhouse gas emissions from offices and laboratories  tons of CO 2 equivalent net emissions per employee and per year corresponding to scopes 1  2 and 3 (emissions related to business travel).11 A new training  following the update of the Code of Ethics  was rolled out in the second half of 2021. The calculation of the indicator became more demanding in 2021. It is no longer limited to measuring the training of only new employees recruited during the year but focuses on measuring the percentage of employees trained in 2021  regardless of their length of service.12 Adjusted operating margin at constant exchange rates.13 Net cash generated from operating activities/Adjusted Operating Profit  on average over the period.14 TAR: Total Accident Rate (number of accidents with and without lost time x 200 000/number of hours worked).15 Proportion of women from the Executive Committee to Band II (internal grade corresponding to a management or executive management position) in the Group (number of women on a full-time equivalent basis in a leadership position/total number of full-time equivalents in leadership positions).16 Greenhouse gas emissions from offices and laboratories  tons of CO 2 equivalent net emissions per employee and per year corresponding to scopes 1  2 and 3 (emissions related to business travel).17 Technology segment comprises Electrical & Electronics  Wireless testing activities and Automotive connectivity testing activities.Attachment,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.15,0.27,True,English,"['excellent financial performance', 'Bureau Veritas', 'Strong operating', 'Solid 2022 outlook', 'BUREAU VERITAS Press Release Full Year 2021 results', 'Project Management/Construction management services', 'main consolidated financial items', 'mid-single-digit organic revenue growth', 'Strong organic revenue growth', 'full year Group revenue', 'disciplined capex policy', 'working capital requirement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'client centric approach', 'lowest financial leverage', 'multi sector expertise', 'tremendous new challenges', 'strong leadership positions', 'excellent financial performance', 'net debt/EBITDA ratio', 'net financial debt', 'Alternative performance indicators', 'CONSTANT CURRENCY Revenue', 'Free cash flow', 'strong growth opportunities', 'strong organic growth', 'significant growth opportunities', 'strong cash flow', 'normal operating environment', 'Group Balance Sheet', 'Transportation Infrastructure projects', 'Attributable net profit', 'Operating cash flow', 'healthy sales pipeline', 'full year 2022', 'Strong performance', 'main countries', 'financial statements', 'Strong operating', 'sustainable growth', 'Strong momentum', 'strong agility', 'total revenue', 'previous year', 'cash conversion', 'organic basis', 'Significant strengthening', 'healthy margin', 'Sustainability services', 'operating profit', 'operating margin', '2021 Key figures1', 'fourth quarter', 'six businesses', 'ESG-related solutions', 'six bolt', 'strategic areas', 'consumer products', 'US-based leader', 'severe lockdowns', 'Didier Michaud-Daniel', 'innovation efforts', 'clear roadmap', 'strategic direction', 'clients’ concerns', 'environmental protection', 'social responsibility', 'ESG commitments', 'data-driven way', 'solid fundamentals', 'KEY 2021 FIGURES', 'most businesses', 'last qua', 'basis Adjusted', 'Solid 2022 outlook', 'entire portfolio', 'sustainability certification', 'latest acquisition', 'EUR MILLIONS', '273 basis', 'Seine', 'France', 'February', 'share', 'December', 'dividend', '2021 Highlights', 'activities', 'deleveraging', 'companies', 'renewables', 'cybersecurity', 'China', 'PreScience', 'operation', 'Covid', 'Story', 'IPO', 'earnings', 'trust', 'topics', 'heart', 'society', 'safety', 'quality', 'Demand', 'rise', 'interests', 'worldwide', 'BV', 'organizations', 'self-declaration', 'future', 'capacity', '80,000 employees', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CHANGE', 'loss', 'EPS', 'IFRS', 'appendices', 'end-markets', 'return', 'cyber-attack', 'November', '2025']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
190,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/danone-solid-set-full-2021-063000679.html,DANONE: A solid set of Full-Year 2021 results; A strong finish to the year,Platforms in the Rest of the World posted strong sales growth  led by price and mix  while volumes were down.Major financial transactionsNovember 2  2021 : Danone successfully issued a €700 million bond with a 9-year maturity and a 0.52% coupon.Recurring net income (or Recurring net income – Group Share) corresponds to the Group share of the consolidated Recurring net income.Such income and expenses  excluded from Net income  represent Non-recurring net income.Recurring EPS (or Recurring net income – Group Share  per share after dilution) is defined as the ratio of Recurring net income adjusted for hybrid financing over Diluted number of shares.,DANONE2021 Full-Year ResultsPress release – Paris  February 23  2022A solid set of Full-Year 2021 resultsA strong finish to the yearNet sales of €24 281m in FY 2021  up +3.4% on a like-for-like (LFL) basis and +2.8% on a reported basisStrong growth in Q4 at + 6.7% on a like-for-like basis   and +10.9% on a reported basisReturn to profitable growth in H2  with FY 2021 recurring operating margin at 13.7 4 % despite an increasingly volatile supply and cost environment  thanks to productivity step-up  pricing actions and mix managementR ecurring EPS at €3.3 1 in 2021   -1.1% vs last year; €2.5bn free-cash-flowProposed dividend: €1.94 payable in cashLocal First implementation on track ; Europe transformation completedCapital market event to take place on March 8  20222021 Full-Year Key Figuresin millions of euros except if stated otherwise 2020 2021 Reported Change Like-for-like(LFL) Sales 23 620 24 281 +2.8% +3.4% Recurring operating income 3 317 3 337 +0.6% +2.8% Recurring operating margin 14.0% 13.7% -30 bps -9 bps Non-recurring operating income and expenses (519) (1 080) (560) Operating income 2 798 2 257 -19.3% Operating margin 11.8% 9.3% -255 bps Recurring net income – Group share 2 189 2 165 -1.1% Non-recurring net income – Group share (233) (241) (7) Net income – Group share 1 956 1 924 -1.6% Recurring EPS (€) 3.34 3.31 -1.1% EPS (€) 2.99 2.94 -1.7% Free cash flow 2 052 2 489 +21.3% Cash flow from operating activities 2 967 3 474 +17.1%All references in this document to Like-for-like (LFL) changes  Recurring operating income and margin  Recurring net income  Recurring income tax rate  Recurring EPS  Carbon-adjusted recurring EPS  Free cash-flow  and net financial debt  correspond to financial indicators not defined in IFRS. Their definitions  as well as their reconciliation with financial statements  are listed on pages 6 to 9.Antoine de Saint-Affrique: CEO statement“With Q4 sales up +6.7% on a like-for-like basis and volumes at +0.4%  we ended the year on a strong note. This led to FY growth of +3.4% on a like-for-like basis  underpinned by a sound mix component. All categories contributed to this solid performance.Story continuesWe delivered on our commitment to return to profitable growth in H2  with recurring operating margin at 13.7% in 2021. This was enabled by a strong focus on execution and a step-up in productivity  a pro-active approach to pricing and the disciplined implementation of Local First.I am grateful to all Danone employees  who have brought in these results in unprecedented and challenging circumstances. Their passion and commitment are  together with the strength of our brands and the relevance of our purpose  at the heart of our resilience.We have  over the last months  moved forward with determination on our transformation agenda  deploying Local First pragmatically and strengthening key capabilities  with the addition of globally recognized professionals in HR  Operations and R&I to Danone’s leadership team. We still have much more to do  and I look forward to our CME on March 8 when we will be in a position to share more on the next steps in our growth and renewal journey”.I. FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL-YEAR RESULTSFourth quarter and full -year salesIn 2021  consolidated sales stood at €24.3 bn  up +3.4% on a like-for-like basis  led by +4.0% in value and -0.6% in volume. On a reported basis  sales increased by +2.8%  penalized by the negative impact of exchange rates that resulted from the depreciation of currencies against the euro in Latin America  Indonesia  Turkey  Japan and Russia (-2.0%). On the other hand  reported sales benefited from the +0.7% organic contribution to growth of hyperinflation geographies  as well as a slightly positive scope effect (+0.4%)  mainly resulting from the combined effects of the integration of Harmless Harvest and Follow Your Heart  as well as the disposal of Vega.In the fourth quarter  sales increased by +6.7% on a like-for-like basis  with volume back in positive territory (+0.4%)  and value up +6.3%. Reported sales rose by +10.9%  benefiting from the positive effect of exchange rates (+2.6%)  and the positive organic contribution of hyperinflation geographies (+1.0%). In terms of regional dynamics  growth was broad-based in the fourth quarter. Europe and North America grew +4.3% on a like-for-like basis  led by the continued recovery in Waters and a sustained solid momentum for EDP. Sales in the Rest of the World increased by +10.0% on a like-for-like basis  driven by the expected sequential improvement in Specialized Nutrition from the third quarter  by strong growth in EDP  and by the Mizone and Aqua brands’ return to positive growth.€ millionexcept % Q42020 Q42021 Reported change LFL Sales Growth Volume Growth FY2020 FY2021 Reported change LFL Sales Growth Volume GrowthBY REPORTING ENTITY EDP 3 131 3 386 +8.1% +4.3% -0.4% 12 823 13 090 +2.1% +3.7% +0.7% Specialized Nutrition 1 753 1 931 +10.1% +6.4% +0.1% 7 192 7 230 +0.5% +1.0% -3.5% Waters 743 925 +24.5% +17.3% +4.3% 3 605 3 961 +9.9% +7.2% +0.5%BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA Europe & Noram1 3 252 3 480 +7.0% +4.3% +0.7% 13 408 13 762 +2.6% +2.9% +0.7% Rest of the World 2 376 2 762 +16.2% +10.0% +0.9% 10 212 10 520 +3.0% +4.1% -1.4% TOTAL 5 628 6 242 +10.9% +6.7% +0.4% 23 620 24 281 +2.8% +3.4% -0.6%1North America (Noram): United States and CanadaRecurring Operating MarginDanone’s recurring operating income reached €3.3 bn in 2021. Recurring operating margin stood at 13.7%  down -30 basis points (bps) on a reported basis and -9 bps on a like-for-like basis. The margin from operations decreased by -81 bps: input cost inflation  which had a negative impact of around -480 bps  was partially offset by the positive impact of around +120 bps from topline acceleration  led by mix and price  and a step-up in productivities and other mitigation plans (around +280 bps).A&P investments were in line with last year in absolute value  in a context where the company maintained a dynamic and selective resource allocation  while the positive impact of overheads on margin was mostly driven by the first wave of savings from Local First.In addition to the like-for-like effects  reported margin also includes the impacts of changes in scope (-12 bps)  Forex and others (-14 bps) and organic contribution from hyperinflation geographies (+5 bps).Recurring operating profit (€m) and margin (%)FY 2020 FY 2021 Change €m Margin (%) €m Margin (%) Reported Like-for-likeBY REPORTING ENTITY EDP 1 303 10.2% 1 287 9.8% -33 bps -37 bps Specialized Nutrition 1 763 24.5% 1 697 23.5% -105 bps -25 bps Waters 251 7.0% 353 8.9% +194 bps +189 bpsBY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA Europe & Noram1 1 823 13.6% 1 862 13.5% -7 bps +21 bps Rest of the World 1 494 14.6% 1 475 14.0% -61 bps -52 bps Total 3 317 14.0% 3 337 13.7% -30 bps -9 bps1North America (Noram): United States and CanadaPerformance by reporting entityESSENTIAL DAIRY AND PLANT-BASED (EDP)Essential Dairy & Plant-based posted sales growth of +3.7% in 2021 on a like-for-like basis  and recurring operating margin decreased by -33 bps to 9.8%.In the fourth quarter  sales rose by +4.3% on a like-for-like basis  reflecting a slight decline in volume (-0.4%)  and an increase of +4.7% in value. The dairy portfolio delivered sustained solid growth while the plant-based portfolio registered solid mid-single-digit growth amid supply challenges. Europe & Noram posted another quarter of solid sales growth  with positive volumes. In Europe  sales were sustained by the plant-based  probiotics and protein platforms  with Alpro  Actimel and Yopro continuing to deliver exceptional growth. In Noram  sales were driven by Oikos and Two Good in Greek yogurt  continued momentum in Activia  and International Delight in Creamers. Plant-based sales improved sequentially  supported by tight management of supply and demand in a challenging environment. Platforms in the Rest of the World posted strong sales growth  led by price and mix  while volumes were down. Latin America and Africa showed further sales recovery  while in CIS  growth was low-single-digits  led by pricing  in a still challenging macroeconomic context.SPECIALIZED NUTRITIONSpecialized Nutrition sales increased by +1.0% in 2021 on a like-for-like basis and recurring operating margin decreased by -105 bps to 23.5%.In the fourth quarter  sales improved sequentially  reaching +6.4% on a like-for-like basis  with volume and value up +0.1% and +6.3% respectively. Infant Nutrition posted very strong growth this quarter  driven by China and the Rest of the World. China delivered growth in the mid-teens  with resilient market shares. Domestic labels and International Labels sold through cross-border platforms maintained their growth and competitiveness momentum  with notably an outstanding performance for the Aptamil brand at 11:11  an online sales event in China. Sales of International Labels sold through indirect cross-border platforms (daigous  friends and family) were slightly negative on a low base  with travel and trade with mainland China still very limited. In Europe  category dynamics remained soft  while in the Rest of the World sales were back to strong mid-single-digit growth  driven by both volume and value. Sales in Adult Nutrition were penalized in the fourth quarter by inventory management amid supply challenges  notably in Europe.WATERSWaters sales increased by +7.2% in 2021 on a like-for-like basis and recurring operating margin was up +194 bps to 8.9% despite the strong inflationary environment  notably driven by volume recovery  improved product mix and record-high productivity.In the fourth quarter  sales were up +17.3% on a like-for-like basis  led by volumes up +4.3% and value +13.0%. Europe posted sales growth in the mid-teens on a like-for-like basis  closing the quarter above 2019 levels. Growth was led by France  the United Kingdom  Germany  Spain and Poland  where Danone brands have been gaining market shares. In the Rest of the World  Mizone was back in positive territory  with stable market shares. Latin America registered another quarter of recovery  led by plain water and HOD  while South-East Asia posted low-single-digit growth  with mobility still under pressure but improving sequentially compared to the third quarter.Net income and Earnings per shareOther operating income and expense reached -€1 080 million vs -€519 million in the prior year  mostly driven by the one-off implementation costs of the Local First project and by the investments related to the transformation of Danone’s operations. As a result  reported operating margin was down -255 bps from 11.8% to 9.3%.Net financial costs were down by €49 million to -€261 million  resulting from the issuance of bond in June 2021 at 0% coupon and from the decrease in the cost of net debt driven by two bond reimbursements in 2020 issued at higher interest rates. The Recurring income tax rate stood at 27.4%  in line with the prior year. Recurring net income from associates decreased significantly from €85 million to €7 million  reflecting the disposal of Danone’s stakes in Mengniu and Yakult. Danone is also engaged in a disposal process of its 20% stake in the Fresh Dairy JV with Mengniu  which is thus classified as an asset held for sale under IFRS 5 as of December 31  2021. Recurring minority interests stood at €70 million  broadly in line with the prior year.As a result  Recurring EPS was down -1.1% to €3.31  and Reported EPS decreased by -1.7% to €2.94.FY 2020 FY 2021 in millions of euros except if stated otherwise Recurring Non-recurring Total Recurring Non-recurring Total Recurring operating income 3 317 3 317 3 337 3 337 Other operating income and expense (519) (519) (1 080) (1 080) Operating income 3 317 (519) 2 798 3 337 (1 080) 2 257 Cost of net debt (207) (207) (167) (167) Other financial income and expense (103) 0 (103) (100) 5 (95) Income before taxes 3 007 (519) 2 488 3 070 (1 075) 1 995 Income tax (828) 66 (762) (841) 252 (589) Effective tax rate 27.5% 30.6% 27.4% 29.5% Net income from fully consolidated companies 2 179 (453) 1 726 2 229 (822) 1 406 Net income from associates 85 219 304 7 578 585 Net income 2 264 (234) 2 030 2 235 (244) 1 992 • Group share 2 189 (233) 1 956 2 165 (241) 1 924 • Non-controlling interests 75 (1) 74 70 (3) 67 EPS (€) 3.34 2.99 3.31 2.94Cash flow and DebtCapex stood at €1 043 million  up +8.4% compared to last year while Working Capital improved to -4.8% of Net Sales in a context of progressive and sequential normalization of channel mix and payment terms. Free cash flow reached €2 489 million in 2021  up +21.3% from the prior year. The delivery in Free Cash Flow was also positively impacted by the rephasing of one-off cash flows related to Local First from 2021 to 2022 and 2023.As of December 31  2021  Danone’s net debt stood at €10.5 billion  down €1.4 billion from December 31  2020.DividendAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on April 26  2022  Danone’s Board of Directors will propose a dividend of €1.94 per share in cash in respect of the 2021 fiscal year  in line with last year. Assuming this proposal is approved  the ex-dividend date will be May 10  2022 and dividends will be payable on May 12  2022.II. CAPITAL MARKET EVENTOn the occasion of a Capital Market Event hosted on March 8  2022  Danone will share its vision  strategy and priorities. The company will also take this opportunity to unveil guidance for 2022 and for the mid-term.III. SUSTAINABILITY FOOTPRINTIn 2021  Danone maintained its leadership position in ESG by reaching top scores for several ratings and rankings  with continued progress in each sustainability dimension. Today  62% of Danone’s revenue is covered by B CorpTM certification  vs. approximately 50% last year  and the company is fully on track to meet its 2025 goal of becoming a global B CorpTM.In line with its mission to bring health through food to as many people as possible  Danone placed first in the Product Profile ranking of the Access To Nutrition Index. This reflects the 90% of its volume sold in healthy categories1 (for the third year in a row) and the 83% of volumes sold without added sugar2.The company has been awarded a AAA score by CDP for the third consecutive year  highlighting its progress in the fight against climate change  in forest preservation and in water security. In its journey to reach Net-Zero across its full value chain in 2050  Danone reduced its GreenHouse Gas (GHG) emissions by 0.8 million tons CO2 eq. compared to 2020 on a like-for-like basis  totaling in 2021 24.7 million tons CO2 eq.  with more than 0.35 million tons CO2 eq. reduction linked to the roll-out of regenerative agriculture initiatives within Danone’s supply-chain. Overall and on a like-for-like basis  Danone has reduced its full scope GHG emission intensity3 by 27.1%4 since 2015.Danone continues to disclose a carbon-adjusted recurring EPS evolution that takes into account an estimated financial cost for absolute GHG emissions across its entire value chain5. Carbon-adjusted recurring EPS grew by +2% to reach €1.97 in 2021.As regards the circular economy  84% of Danone’s packaging is now recyclable  reusable or compostable  vs. 81% in 2020.On inclusive diversity  Danone was recognized for the fourth time in a row as one of the 418 companies in the 2022 Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  which recognizes companies committed to transparency in gender reporting and advancing women’s equality. Danone is also committed to supporting employees who need to acquire new skills. In 2020  the Company worked with the IUF to develop an innovative approach called “FutureSkills”  designed to better prepare employees who need new skills for the jobs of tomorrow. In 2021  the program was fully deployed6.IV. SHARE BUYBACKDanone has terminated its existing share buyback program announced on July 29  2021. The Company repurchased an aggregate market value of €800 million in the second half of 2021.V. MAJOR DEVELOPMENTS OVER THE PERIODGovernance and leadership changesDecember 10   2021 : Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet was appointed to join Danone’s Board of Directors from March 1  2022  replacing Isabelle Seillier who decided to step down for personal reasons from December 31  2021. This was a first step in Danone’s overhaul of its Board of Directors  which will lead the Company to renew the totality of its Board of Directors by 2023 – except for the positions held by the Chairman  the Chief Executive Officer and the two Directors representing Employees.January 6  2022: Danone completed its leadership team with three appointments at Executive Committee level: a Chief Operations Officer (Vikram Agarwal  starting in January 2022); a Chief Research  Innovation  Quality and Food Safety Officer (Isabelle Esser  starting in April 2022); and a Chief Sustainability and Strategic Business Development Officer (Henri Bruxelles  starting in January 2022). These three globally recognized professionals – two from outside Danone and one internal – complete the leadership team and represent an important step in strengthening Danone’s execution and innovation  over the short and long-term.Major financial transactionsNovember 2  2021 : Danone successfully issued a €700 million bond with a 9-year maturity and a 0.52% coupon. The settlement took place on November 9  2021 and the bonds are listed on Euronext Paris.November 16  2021: Danone announced it has agreed to sell Aqua d’Or  its Water and Beverage business in Denmark  to Royal Unibrew  a Denmark-based brewing and beverage company. This sale was part of Danone’s strategic portfolio review and the continuous optimization of its capital allocation.VI. FINANCIAL STATEMENTSAt its meeting on February 22  2022  the Board of Directors closed statutory and consolidated financial statements for the 2021 fiscal year. Regarding the audit process  the statutory auditors have substantially completed their examination of financial statements as of today.VII. IFRS STANDARDS AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS NOT DEFINED IN IFRSIAS 29: impact on reported dataDanone has been applying IAS 29 in hyperinflation countries as defined in IFRS. Adoption of IAS 29 in these hyperinflationary countries requires its non-monetary assets and liabilities and its income statement to be restated to reflect the changes in the general pricing power of its functional currency  leading to a gain or loss on the net monetary position included in the net income. Moreover  its financial statements are converted into euros using the closing exchange rate of the relevant period.IAS 29: impact on reported data€ million except % Q4 2021 FY 2021 Sales 2.6 67 Sales growth (%) +0.04% +0.28% Recurring Operating Income (33) Recurring Net Income – Group share (46)Breakdown by quarter of 2021 sales after application of IAS 29FY 2021 sales correspond to the addition of:Q4 2021 reported sales;Q1  Q2 and Q3 2021 sales resulting from the application of IAS 29 until December 31  2021 to sales of entities of hyperinflation countries (application of the inflation rate until December 31  2021 and translation into euros using December 31  2021 closing rate) and provided in the table below for information (unaudited data).€ million Q1 20211 Q2 20212 Q3 20213 Q4 2021 FY 2021 EDP 3 165 3 265 3 275 3 386 13 090 Specialized Nutrition 1 723 1 797 1 780 1 931 7 230 Waters 795 1 127 1 114 925 3 961 5 Total 5 683 6 189 6 168 6 242 24 2811Results from the application of IAS29 until December 31  2021 to Q1 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.2Results from the application of IAS29 until December 31  2021 to Q2 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.3Results from the application of IAS29 until December 31  2021 to Q3 sales of entities of hyperinflation countries.Financial indicators not defined in IFRSDue to rounding  the sum of values presented may differ from totals as reported. Such differences are not material.Like-for-like changes in sales  recurring operating income and recurring operating margin reflect Danone's organic performance and essentially exclude the impact of:changes in consolidation scope  with indicators related to a given fiscal year calculated on the basis of previous-year scope  both previous-year and current-year scopes excluding entities in countries under hyperinflation according to IAS 29 during the previous year (as for Argentinian entities since January 1 st   2019);changes in applicable accounting principles;changes in exchange rates with both previous-year and current-year indicators calculated using the same exchange rates (the exchange rate used is a projected annual rate determined by Danone for the current year and applied to both previous and current years).Bridge from reported data to like-for-like data(€ million except %) FY 2020 Impact of changesin scope of consolidation Impact of changes in exchange rates and others  including IAS29 Organic contribution from hyperinflation countries Like-for-like growth FY 2021 Sales 23 620 +0.4% -1.6% +0.7% +3.4% 24 281 Recurring operating margin 14.0% -12 bps -14 bps +5 bps -9 bps 13.7%Recurring operating income is defined as Danone’s operating income excluding Other operating income and expenses. Other operating income and expenses comprise items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive value  thus distorting the assessment of its recurring operating performance and its evolution. These mainly include:capital gains and losses on disposals of fully consolidated companies;impairment charges on intangible assets with indefinite useful lives;costs related to strategic restructurings or transformation plans;costs related to major external growth transactions;costs related to major crisis and major litigations;in connection with of IFRS 3 (Revised) and IAS 27 (Revised) relating to business combinations  (i) acquisition costs related to business combinations  (ii) revaluation profit or loss accounted for following a loss of control  and (iii) changes in earn-outs relating to business combinations and subsequent to acquisition date.Recurring operating margin is defined as Recurring operating income over Sales ratio.Other non-recurring financial income and expense corresponds to financial income and expense items that  in view of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be considered as inherent to Danone’s recurring financial management. These mainly include changes in value of non-consolidated interests.Non-recurring income tax corresponds to income tax on non-recurring items as well as tax income and expense items that  in view of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be considered as inherent to Danone’s recurring performance.Recurring effective tax rate measures the effective tax rate of Danone’s recurring performance and is computed as the ratio income tax related to recurring items over recurring net income before tax.Non-recurring results from associates include items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to the recurring activity of those companies and thus distort the assessment of their recurring performance and its evolution. These mainly include (i) capital gains and losses on disposal and impairment of Investments in associates  and (ii) non-recurring items  as defined by Danone  included in the net income from associates.Recurring net income (or Recurring net income – Group Share) corresponds to the Group share of the consolidated Recurring net income. The Recurring net income excludes items that  because of their significant or unusual nature  cannot be viewed as inherent to Danone’s recurring activity and have limited predictive value  thus distorting the assessment of its recurring performance and its evolution. Such non-recurring income and expenses correspond to Other operating income and expenses  Other non-recurring financial income and expenses  Non-recurring income tax  and Non-recurring income from associates. Such income and expenses  excluded from Net income  represent Non-recurring net income.Recurring EPS (or Recurring net income – Group Share  per share after dilution) is defined as the ratio of Recurring net income adjusted for hybrid financing over Diluted number of shares. In compliance with IFRS  income used to calculate EPS is adjusted for the coupon related to the hybrid financing accrued for the period and presented net of tax.FY 2020 FY 2021 Recurring Total Recurring Total Net income-Group share (€ million) 2 189 1 956 2 165 1 924 Coupon related to hybrid financing net of tax(€ million) (15) (15) (26) (26) Number of shares • Before dilution 649 331 592 649 331 592 646 155 699 646 155 699 • After dilution 649 968 844 649 968 844 646 445 829 646 445 829 EPS (€) • Before dilution 3.35 2.99 3.31 2.94 • After dilution 3.34 2.99 3.31 2.94Carbon-adjusted recurring EPS is defined in the methodological note in the chapter 5.8 of the Universal Registration Document.Free cash flow represents cash flows provided or used by operating activities less capital expenditure net of disposals and  in connection with IFRS 3 (Revised)  relating to business combinations  excluding (i) acquisition costs related to business combinations  and (ii) earn-outs related to business combinations and paid subsequently to acquisition date.(€ million) FY 2020 FY 2021 Cash-flow from operating activities 2 967 3 474 Capital expenditure (962) (1 043) Disposal of tangible assets & transaction fees related to business combinations1 47 58 Free cash-flow 2 052 2 4891 Represents acquisition costs related to business combinations paid during the period.Net financial debt represents the net debt portion bearing interest. It corresponds to current and non-current financial debt (i) excluding Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests and earn-outs on acquisitions resulting in control and (ii) net of Cash and cash equivalents  Short term investments and Derivatives – assets managing net debt.(€ million) December 31  2020 December 31  2021 Non-current financial debt 12 343 12 537 Current financial debt 4 157 4 048 Short-term investments (3 680) (5 197) Cash and cash equivalents (593) (659) Derivatives — non-current assets1 (259) (120) Derivatives — current-assets1 (27) (91) Net debt 11 941 10 519 Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests — non-current (7) (76) Liabilities related to put options granted to non-controlling interests and earn-outs on acquisitions resulting in control — current (355) (280) Net financial debt 11 579 10 1631 Managing net debt onlyo o O o oFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Danone. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by forward-looking words  such as “estimate”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “project”  “plan”  “intend”  “objective”  “believe”  “forecast”  “guidance”  “foresee”  “likely”  “may”  “should”  “goal”  “target”  “might”  “will”  “could”  “predict”  “continue”  “convinced” and “confident ” the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward looking statements in this document include  but are not limited to  predictions of future activities  operations  direction  performance and results of Danone.Although Danone believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. For a detailed description of these risks and uncertainties  please refer to the “Risk Factor” section of Danone’s Universal Registration Document (the current version of which is available at www.danone.com).Subject to regulatory requirements  Danone does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements. This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy Danone securitiesThe presentation to analysts and investors will be broadcast live today from 9:00 a.m. (Paris time)on Danone’s website (www.danone.com).Related slides will also be available on the website in the Investors section.APPENDIX – Sales by reporting entity and by geographical area (in € million)First quarter Second quarter Third quarter Fourth quarter Full Year 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 2020 2021 BY REPORTING ENTITY EDP 3 364 3 149 3 238 3 254 3 108 3 269 3 131 3 386 12 823 13 090 Specialized Nutrition 1 949 1 719 1 792 1 793 1 698 1 777 1 753 1 931 7 192 7 230 Waters 928 790 925 1 125 1 015 1 112 743 925 3 605 3 961 BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA Europe & Noram1 3 469 3 273 3 352 3 510 3 334 3 498 3 252 3 480 13 408 13 762 Rest of the World 2 772 2 384 2 602 2 661 2 486 2 660 2 376 2 762 10 212 10 520 Total 6 242 5 657 5 954 6 171 5 821 6 158 5 628 6 242 23 620 24 281First quarter2021 Second quarter 2021 Third quarter2021 Fourth quarter2021 Full Year2021 Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change Reported change Like-for-like change BY REPORTING ENTITY EDP -6.4% +1.6% +0.5% +4.8% +5.2% +4.1% +8.1% +4.3% +2.1% +3.7% Specialized Nutrition -11.8% -7.7% +0.1% +2.8% +4.6% +2.9% +10.1% +6.4% +0.5% +1.0% Waters -14.9% -11.6% +21.6% +19.5% +9.6% +4.6% +24.5% +17.3% +9.9% +7.2% BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA Europe & Noram1 -5.6% -2.8% +4.7% +6.4% +4.9% +3.9% +7.0% +4.3% +2.6% +2.9% Rest of the World -14.0% -4.2% +2.3% +6.9% +7.0% +3.7% +16.2% +10.0% +3.0% +4.1% Total -9.4% -3.3% +3.6% +6.6% +5.8% +3.8% +10.9% +6.7% +2.8% +3.4%1North America (Noram): United States and Canada1 In operational terms  ‘healthy product categories’ for Danone refers to packaged water  yogurts  milks and other daily dairy products  daily plant-based products  beverages with 0% sugar  and specialized nutrition products (except the following early life nutrition products: foods for children over 3 years old as well as biscuits and beverages for children under 3 years old).The remaining categories are mainly low sugar beverages and indulgent products.2 All volumes in the One Health Scorecard  only excluding plant-based products and adult medical nutrition.3 Grams of CO2 equivalent per kilo of products sold4 The data is based on a constant consolidation scope and a constant methodology. The GreenHouse Gas protocol defines three scopes for carbon footprint assessment: Scope 1 covers direct emissions from equipment that is company-owned or under the operational control of Danone  scope 2 refers to indirect energy emissions related to the generation of electricity  steam  heat or cold purchased and consumed by Danone and scope 3 covers all indirect emissions due to Danone's activities  including emissions from raw materials used  the transport and distribution of products  the use and the end-of-life of products. For more information  please refer to the chapter 5 of Danone Universal Registration Document.5 Carbon-adjusted recurring EPS is equal to the recurring EPS less an estimate financial cost for carbon / number of shares after dilution. Please refer to the methodological note in the chapter 5.8 of the Universal Registration Document for more details on the calculation of the carbon-adjusted recurring EPS.6 All subsidiairies with eligible people have proposed the program to our social partners  or directly to employees.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.06,0.27,True,English,"['solid set', 'Full-Year 2021 results', 'strong finish', 'DANONE', 'Recurring income tax rate', 'LFL Sales Growth Volume Growth', 'FY 2021 recurring operating margin', 'Capital market event', 'Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'Recurring operating income', 'Recurring net income', 'sound mix component', 'Carbon-adjusted recurring EPS', 'full -year sales', 'net financial debt', 'positive scope effect', '2021 Full-Year Key Figures', 'R ecurring EPS', 'REPORTING ENTITY EDP', 'positive organic contribution', 'Local First implementation', 'Free cash flow', 'I. FOURTH QUARTER', 'positive growth', 'LFL) changes', 'R&I', '+0.7% organic contribution', 'positive effect', 'operating activities', 'Net sales', 'Strong growth', 'profitable growth', 'mix management', 'disciplined implementation', 'key capabilities', 'FY growth', 'positive territory', 'financial indicators', 'financial statements', 'third quarter', 'LFL) basis', 'consolidated sales', '2021 Full-Year Results', 'Press release', 'solid set', 'Full-Year 2021 results', 'strong finish', 'volatile supply', 'cost environment', 'Group share', 'Free cash-flow', 'CEO statement', 'strong note', 'solid performance', 'strong focus', 'pro-active approach', 'challenging circumstances', 'transformation agenda', 'leadership team', 'next steps', 'renewal journey', 'negative impact', 'exchange rates', 'Latin America', 'other hand', 'hyperinflation geographies', 'combined effects', 'Harmless Harvest', 'regional dynamics', 'North America', 'continued recovery', 'solid momentum', 'sequential improvement', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'productivity step-up', 'pricing actions', 'Europe transformation', 'last months', 'Q4 sales', 'Danone employees', 'Q4 2021', 'Paris', 'February', 'Return', 'dividend', 'track', 'place', 'March', 'millions', 'euros', 'expenses', 'references', 'document', 'IFRS', 'definitions', 'reconciliation', 'pages', 'volumes', 'categories', 'Story', 'commitment', 'execution', 'unprecedented', 'passion', 'strength', 'brands', 'relevance', 'purpose', 'heart', 'resilience', 'determination', 'addition', 'professionals', 'HR', 'Operations', 'CME', 'position', 'value', 'depreciation', 'currencies', 'Indonesia', 'Turkey', 'Japan', 'Russia', 'integration', 'disposal', 'Vega', 'terms', 'Waters', 'Rest', 'World', 'Mizone']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
191,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/amg-advanced-metallurgical-group-n-170000319.html,AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Results,Story continuesFinancial HighlightsRevenue increased by 30% to $330.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 from $253.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.EBITDA was $43.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021  95% higher than the fourth quarter 2020 EBITDA of $22.5 million  marking the sixth straight quarter of sequential improvement.Amsterdam  23 February 2022 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reported fourth quarter 2021 revenue of $330.4 million  a 30% increase over $253.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $43.9 million  a 95% increase over $22.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.Net Finance CostsAMG’s fourth quarter 2021 net finance costs were $12.6 million compared to $4.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.,AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.Coronavirus UpdateWe continue to apply all safety measures at our disposal with the highest degree of attention in order to ensure our employees are working in the lowest risk environment possible. Hospitalizations remain at a very low level and presently AMG has zero hospitalizations. AMG has not experienced a facility closure or operational interruption.Strategic HighlightsOur Enabling CO 2 Reduction Portfolio (ECO 2 RP) in 2021 enabled 79.0 million tons of CO 2 reduction  40% more than the 56.6 million tons of enabled CO 2 reduction in 2020.AMG today announces a 2030 commitment to reduce direct CO 2 emissions as well as commitment to increase its ECO 2 RP portfolio over the same time period.The construction of AMG Vanadium’s second spent catalyst recycling facility in Zanesville  Ohio is proceeding as planned. Commissioning has begun and the plant is forecast to achieve full run rate capacity in the fourth quarter of 2022.Shell & AMG Recycling B.V. (SARBV) continues to pursue circular refinery residue opportunities globally.AMG Brazil will increase its spodumene production by 40 000 tons  bringing its production capacity to 130 000 tons per annum. The project is currently in detailed engineering  with construction planned to commence at the beginning of the second half of 2022  and mechanical completion at the end of the first quarter of 2023.Site preparation and building site facilities have started in Bitterfeld  Germany and commissioning for the first module of the battery grade lithium hydroxide upgrader will commence in the third quarter of 2023.AMG’s first lithium vanadium battery (“LIVA”) for industrial power management applications is proceeding as planned.In December  AMG announced that it will bring its lithium value chain under one new corporate entity to further increase the long-term value of AMG’s lithium activities. AMG Lithium activities are comprised of AMG’s Brazilian mining and processing plants as well as the German hydroxide project and include the Lithium solid-state battery research and development activities in Frankfurt.Story continuesFinancial HighlightsRevenue increased by 30% to $330.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 from $253.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.EBITDA was $43.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2021  95% higher than the fourth quarter 2020 EBITDA of $22.5 million  marking the sixth straight quarter of sequential improvement. On a full-year basis  EBITDA in 2021 of $136.7 was more than double full year 2020 EBITDA.Cash from operating activities was $30.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2021  and $90.8 million on a year-to-date basis  compared to $19.6 for full year 2020.AMG’s liquidity as of December 31  2021  was $508 million  with $338 million of unrestricted cash and $170 million of revolving credit availability.The total 2021 dividend proposed is €0.40 per ordinary share  including the interim dividend of €0.10  paid on August 13  2021.In November  AMG entered into a new $350 million 7-year senior secured term loan B facility and a $200 million 5-year senior secured revolving credit facility  which together replaced AMG’s prior credit facility and extended the term loan maturity from 2025 to 2028 and revolver maturity from 2023 to 2026. Further strengthening AMG’s commitment to Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG)  annual CO 2 intensity reduction targets were built into the Revolving Credit Facility  making it a Sustainability Linked Loan.Amsterdam  23 February 2022 (Regulated Information) --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) reported fourth quarter 2021 revenue of $330.4 million  a 30% increase over $253.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. EBITDA for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $43.9 million  a 95% increase over $22.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. This also marks the sixth straight quarter of sequential growth after the pandemic low point in the second quarter of 2020.Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch  Chairman of the Management Board and CEO  said  “With regard to COVID  we continue to apply all safety measures at our disposal with the highest degree of attention in order to ensure our employees are working in the lowest risk environment possible.“AMG continued to sequentially improve EBITDA in the fourth quarter and on a full-year basis 2021 EBITDA more than doubled 2020 EBITDA. AMG continues to see price increases and strong volumes throughout our portfolio. Our Clean Energy Materials segment continues to deliver strong EBITDA  which more than tripled since the fourth quarter of 2020  its seventh straight quarter of sequentially increasing EBITDA.“We are pleased to announce our Enabling CO 2 Reduction Portfolio (ECO 2 RP) in 2021 enabled 79.0 million tons of CO 2 reduction  40% more than the 56.6 million tons of enabled CO 2 reduction in 2020.“As regard to our key strategic projects  the construction of the ferrovanadium plant in Zanesville  Ohio  which will essentially double our recycling capacity for refinery residues  is nearly complete. Shell & AMG Recycling B.V. continues to pursue circular refinery residue opportunities globally; this project advances the goals of a circular economy and is essential in achieving societal benefits of reducing global CO 2 emissions. AMG Brazil will increase its spodumene production by 40 000 tons  bringing its production capacity to 130 000 tons per annum. We have begun site preparation for our new lithium hydroxide production facility in Germany and the groundbreaking ceremony will take place on May 11th. AMG’s first lithium vanadium battery (“LIVA”) for industrial power management applications is proceeding as planned.“During AMG’s Capital Markets Day on January 11th we explained our strategy to further develop our lithium value chain activities and commented on the strategic options.”Key FiguresIn 000’s US dollars Q4 ‘21 Q4 ‘20 Change FY ‘21 FY ‘20 Change Revenue $330 360 $253 476 30% $1 204 666 $937 116 29% Gross profit 61 797 28 103 120% 208 243 112 653 85% Gross margin 18.7% 11.1% 17.3% 12.0% Operating profit (loss) 22 295 (2 184) N/A 57 141 (9 235) N/A Operating margin 6.7% (0.9%) 4.7% (1.0%) Net income (loss) attributable to shareholders 5 705 (2 839) N/A 13 771 (41 692) N/A EPS - Fully diluted 0.18 (0.10) N/A 0.44 (1.47) N/A EBIT (1) 32 678 11 059 195% 92 991 23 106 302% EBITDA (2) 43 885 22 539 95% 136 676 66 767 105% EBITDA margin 13.3% 8.9% 11.3% 7.1% Cash from operating activities 30 225 11 358 166% 90 788 19 619 363%Notes:(1) EBIT is defined as earnings before interest and income taxes. EBIT excludes restructuring  asset impairment  inventory cost adjustments  environmental provisions  exceptional legal expenses  equity-settled share-based payments  and strategic expenses. Beginning January 1  2021  AMG has altered its calculation of adjusted EBIT to no longer include the impact of foreign exchange. This alteration was made in consideration of a change in the Company’s hedging policy and to better align the reported adjusted EBITDA with the calculation for our bank covenant calculations. Starting January 2021  the Company is no longer hedging European cash pool intergroup balance sheet exposures which will result in higher volatility in our financial results from foreign exchange which we believe is not representative of our operating performance. Foreign exchange loss in the fourth quarter of 2021 was $2.8 million. Because of this hedging policy change  we did not retroactively apply this change to the prior year figures  otherwise it would have resulted in a decrease to the prior period EBIT of $1.1 million.(2) EBITDA is defined as EBIT adjusted for depreciation and amortization.Operational ReviewAMG Clean Energy MaterialsQ4 ‘21 Q4 ‘20 Change FY ‘21 FY ‘20 Change Revenue $115 405 $66 995 72% $381 475 $245 664 55% Gross profit 27 950 6 004 366% 75 095 11 994 526% Gross profit before non-recurring items 29 038 8 562 239% 80 264 21 261 278% Operating profit (loss) 16 301 (5 118) N/A 22 476 (24 522) N/A EBITDA 25 753 7 081 264% 66 622 10 580 530%AMG Clean Energy Materials’ revenue increased by $48.4 million  or 72%  to $115.4 million  driven mainly by higher prices in vanadium  tantalum and lithium concentrates offset by lower volumes in each product.Gross profit before non-recurring items for the quarter increased by $20.5 million compared to the same period in the prior year  primarily due to the increased price environment.SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter of 2021 were $11.7 million  $4.6 million higher than the fourth quarter of 2020 due to higher strategic project costs and increased shared-based and variable compensation expense.The fourth quarter 2021 EBITDA increased by $18.7 million  to $25.8 million from $7.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2020  due to the improved gross profit as noted above.AMG Critical MineralsQ4 ‘21 Q4 ‘20 Change FY ‘21 FY ‘20 Change Revenue $79 422 $55 483 43% $308 523 $213 318 45% Gross profit 11 189 10 557 6% 48 735 35 629 37% Gross profit before non-recurring items 11 379 11 651 (2%) 48 690 36 806 32% Operating profit 2 584 5 279 (51%) 20 181 14 167 42% EBITDA 6 459 8 871 (27%) 31 200 25 888 21%AMG Critical Minerals’ revenue increased by $23.9 million  or 43%  to $79.4 million  driven by very strong sales volumes of antimony and improved sales prices across all three businesses.Gross profit before non-recurring items decreased by 2% in the fourth quarter due to the continuing rise in energy and shipping costs  which were only partially passed on to customers.SG&A expenses in the fourth quarter of 2021 increased by $3.4 million  to $8.7 million  primarily due to higher share-based and variable compensation expense in the current quarter.The fourth quarter 2021 EBITDA was $2.4 million lower than the same period in the prior year  due to higher SG&A costs as well as lower profitability driven by higher energy and shipping costs.AMG Critical Materials TechnologiesQ4 ‘21 Q4 ‘20 Change FY ‘21 FY ‘20 Change Revenue $135 533 $130 998 3% $514 668 $478 134 8% Gross profit 22 658 11 542 96% 84 413 65 030 30% Gross profit before non-recurring items 22 388 15 303 46% 84 309 70 386 20% Operating profit (loss) 3 410 (2 345) N/A 14 484 1 120 1 193% EBITDA 11 673 6 587 77% 38 854 30 299 28%AMG Critical Materials Technologies' fourth quarter 2021 revenue increased by $4.5 million  or 3% compared to the same period in 2020. This increase was due to higher sales volumes of titanium alloys and higher prices of titanium alloys and chrome metal driven by stronger demand from our aerospace customers. Therefore  fourth quarter 2021 gross profit before non-recurring items increased by $7.1 million  or 46%  to $22.4 million.SG&A expenses increased by $5.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to the same period in 2020  due to higher share-based and variable compensation expense in the current quarter.AMG Critical Materials Technologies’ EBITDA increased to $11.7 million during the quarter  compared to $6.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. This was primarily due to higher profitability in chrome metal and titanium alloys.The Company signed $84.9 million in new orders during the fourth quarter of 2021  driven by strong orders of remelting  induction  and heat treatment furnaces in China  representing a 1.61x book to bill ratio. Order backlog was $188.2 million as of December 31  2021  21% higher than $155.1 million as of September 30  2021  due largely to strong orders of remelting  heat treatment  and induction furnaces. On a full year basis  the Company signed $227.5 million in new orders  representing a balanced 1.00x book to bill ratio.Financial ReviewTaxAMG recorded an income tax expense of $8.7 million in 2021  compared to $11.2 in 2020. This variance was mainly driven by improved financial performance offset by movements in the Brazilian real versus the US dollar. The effects of the Brazilian real caused a $3.5 million non-cash deferred tax benefit in 2021. Movements in the Brazilian real exchange rate impact the valuation of the Company’s net deferred tax positions related to our operations in Brazil.AMG paid taxes of $9.9 million in 2021  comprised of $12.9M of cash tax payments net of $3.0 million of refunds. In 2020 AMG paid $8.6 million in taxes  comprised of $18.5 million cash payments net of $9.9 million of refunds. The higher cash payments in 2020 were largely a result of payments of taxes owed from profitable prior years  and the refunds in both years resulted from overpayment in prior years.Exceptional ItemsAMG’s fourth quarter and full year 2021 gross profit includes exceptional items  which are not included in the calculation of EBITDA.A summary of exceptional items included in gross profit in 2021 and 2020 are below:Exceptional items included in gross profitQ4 ‘21 Q4 ‘20 Change FY ‘21 FY ‘20 Change Gross profit $61 797 $28 103 120% $208 243 $112 653 85% Inventory cost adjustment — 2 160 (100%) 1 164 6 219 (81%) Restructuring (reversal) expense (140) 4 374 N/A 522 5 700 (91%) Asset impairment expense (reversal) 153 566 (73%) (711) 664 N/A Strategic project expense 1 501 313 380% 4 045 3 217 26% Others (506) — N/A — — N/A Gross profit excluding exceptional items 62 805 35 516 77% 213 263 128 453 66%LiquidityDecember 31  2021 December 31  2020 Change Senior secured debt $371 897 $364 640 2% Cash & cash equivalents 337 877 207 366 63% Senior secured net debt 34 020 157 274 (78%) Other debt 24 398 19 876 23% Net debt excluding municipal bond 58 418 177 150 (67%) Municipal bond debt 319 476 319 699 — Restricted cash 93 434 208 919 (55%) Net debt 284 460 287 930 (1%)AMG had a net debt position of $284.5 million as of December 31  2021.AMG continued to maintain a strong balance sheet and adequate sources of liquidity during the fourth quarter. As of December 31  2021  the Company had $338 million in unrestricted cash and cash equivalents and $170 million available on its revolving credit facility. As such  AMG had $508 million of total liquidity as of December 31  2021.In January 2022  AMG entered into €140 million of long-term bilateral unsecured performance-based guarantee facility agreements. These guarantee arrangements support expected customer advanced payments and replace the existing guarantee arrangements.In November  AMG entered into a new $350 million 7-year senior secured term loan B facility and a $200 million 5-year senior secured revolving credit facility  which together replaced AMG’s prior credit facility and extended the term loan maturity from 2025 to 2028 and revolver maturity from 2023 to 2026. Further strengthening AMG’s commitment to Environmental  Social and Governance  annual CO 2 intensity reduction targets were built into the Revolving Credit Facility  making it a Sustainability Linked Loan.Net Finance CostsAMG’s fourth quarter 2021 net finance costs were $12.6 million compared to $4.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2020. This increase was mainly driven by the write-off of prior unamortized debt issuance fees during the quarter associated with the refinancing noted above and foreign exchange losses during the quarter.AMG capitalized $3.8 million of interest costs in the fourth quarter of 2021  in line with $3.8 million in the same period in 2020  driven by interest associated with the Company’s tax-exempt municipal bond supporting the vanadium expansion in Ohio.SG&AAMG’s fourth quarter 2021 SG&A expenses were $39.5 million compared to $26.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2020  with the variance driven largely by increased strategic project costs and higher shared-based and variable compensation expense.Full year 2021 SG&A expenses were $139.6 million  an increase of $21.8 million  or 19%  versus the prior year. SG&A expenses for 2021 included $89.9 million in personnel costs compared to $68.0 million in 2020. The 2021 personnel costs were increased due to higher share-based and variable compensation expense associated with our profitability during the year  and the 2020 personnel cost was reduced by cost reduction efforts in response to the onset of the pandemic.Net Income to ShareholdersNet income to shareholders for the fourth quarter of 2021 was $5.7 million compared to a loss of $2.8 million in 2020. Earnings in the fourth quarter of 2021 were impacted (net of tax) by three large non-cash charges: first  a $3.7 million write-off of unamortized financing expenses from the 2018 financing; second  a $4.7 million charge related to 2019 share-based compensation awards which were not expected to vest at the end of the prior year  however  due to higher than anticipated profitability in the current year the awards are now expected to vest; third  a $2.0 million foreign exchange charge due primarily to intercompany debt balances. Excluding these non-cash charges  AMG would have net income to shareholders of $16.1 million  or $0.50 diluted earnings per share  in the fourth quarter of 2021.Final Dividend ProposedAMG intends to declare a dividend of €0.40 per ordinary share over the financial year 2021. The interim dividend of €0.10  paid on August 13  2021  will be deducted from the amount to be distributed to shareholders. The proposed final dividend per ordinary share therefore amounts to €0.30.A proposal to resolve upon the final dividend distribution will be included on the agenda for the Annual General Meeting to be held on May 5th  2022.OutlookPreviously  AMG increased its EBITDA guidance for full year 2022 to $225 million or higher based on significantly improved market conditions in lithium and we reaffirm this guidance.AMG anticipates the Company will increase overall staffing from about 3 300 at the end of 2021 by 5 to 10% due to the hiring associated with the ramp-up of the vanadium expansion in Ohio and the lithium expansion in Germany.Capital expenditures for 2022 are expected to be between $175 million and $200 million mainly driven by the finalization of construction for the vanadium expansion in Ohio and expenditures related to the construction of the lithium hydroxide plant in Germany.With regard to financing in 2022  AMG has recently finalized its debt refinancing and although we look to consistently optimize our financial structure  our current liquidity can fully fund all of the approved capital expansion projects mentioned above.In addition  AMG is pleased to announce a two-pronged commitment to reduce our CO 2 emissions and increase our enabled CO 2 savings through 2030:AMG commits to reduce its direct CO 2 emissions by 20% by 2030 from a baseline of 2019 (i.e.  pre COVID) adjusted for the startup of our Zanesville facility. This is a total reduction of 125 000 tons of CO 2 . AMG commits to increase its enabled CO 2 reduction by 10% per annum from 2021 levels of 79.0 million through 2030.Net income (loss) to EBITDA reconciliationQ4 ‘21 Q4 ‘20 FY ‘21 FY ‘20 Net income (loss) $4 139 ($2 613) $13 779 ($42 460) Income tax expense (benefit) 5 293 (4 950) 8 707 11 184 Net finance cost (1) 12 644 5 956 33 602 23 524 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (2) 6 883 (2 164) 10 206 3 792 Restructuring (reversal) expense (140) 4 374 522 5 700 Inventory cost adjustment — 2 160 1 164 6 219 Asset impairment expense (reversal) 153 566 (711) 664 Environmental provision 230 4 287 11 941 4 342 Strategic project expense (3) 3 769 2 529 12 157 7 085 Non-recurring legal expense — (35) 44 1 353 Share of loss of associates 219 518 1 053 947 Others (512) 431 527 756 EBIT 32 678 11 059 92 991 23 106 Depreciation and amortization 11 207 11 480 43 685 43 661 EBITDA 43 885 22 539 136 676 66 767(1) See note (1) to the Key Figures table.(2) Amount includes variable compensation expense which settled in shares in 2021.(3) The Company is in the ramp-up phase for several strategic expansion projects  including AMG Vanadium’s expansion project  the joint venture with Shell  Hybrid Lithium Vanadium Redox Flow Battery System  and the lithium expansion in Germany  which incurred project expenses during the quarter but are not yet operational. AMG is adjusting EBITDA for these exceptional charges.AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Consolidated Income Statement For the quarter ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2021 2020 Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 330 360 253 476 Cost of sales (268 563) (225 373) Gross profit 61 797 28 103 Selling  general and administrative expenses (39 501) (26 065) Environmental expense (230) (4 287) Other income  net 229 65 Net other operating expense (1) (4 222) Operating profit (loss) 22 295 (2 184) Finance income 1 107 2 311 Finance cost (13 751) (7 172) Net finance cost (12 644) (4 861) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (219) (518) Profit (loss) before income tax 9 432 (7 563) Income tax (expense) benefit (5 293) 4 950 Profit (loss) for the period 4 139 (2 613) Profit (loss) attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 5 705 (2 839) Non-controlling interests (1 566) 226 Profit (loss) for the period 4 139 (2 613) Earnings (loss) per share Basic earnings (loss) per share 0.18 (0.10) Diluted earnings (loss) per share 0.18 (0.10)AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Consolidated Income Statement For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2021 2020 Unaudited Continuing operations Revenue 1 204 666 937 116 Cost of sales (996 423) (824 463) Gross profit 208 243 112 653 Selling  general and administrative expenses (139 576) (117 780) Environmental expense (11 941) (4 342) Other income  net 415 234 Net other operating expense (11 526) (4 108) Operating profit (loss) 57 141 (9 235) Finance income 1 938 4 757 Finance cost (35 540) (25 851) Net finance cost (33 602) (21 094) Share of loss of associates and joint ventures (1 053) (947) Profit (loss) before income tax 22 486 (31 276) Income tax expense (8 707) (11 184) Profit (loss) for the year 13 779 (42 460) Profit (loss) attributable to: Shareholders of the Company 13 771 (41 692) Non-controlling interests 8 (768) Profit (loss) for the year 13 779 (42 460) Earnings (loss) per share Basic earnings (loss) per share 0.44 (1.47) Diluted earnings (loss) per share 0.44 (1.47)AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position In thousands of US dollarsDecember 31 2021Unaudited December 31  2020 Assets Property  plant and equipment 693 624 551 926 Goodwill and other intangible assets 44 684 43 207 Derivative financial instruments 95 1 894 Other investments 29 830 27 527 Deferred tax assets 52 937 58 081 Restricted cash 85 023 208 919 Other assets 8 471 8 496 Total non-current assets 914 664 900 050 Inventories 218 320 152 306 Derivative financial instruments 4 056 5 961 Trade and other receivables 145 435 122 369 Other assets 65 066 44 821 Current tax assets 5 888 5 108 Restricted cash 8 411 — Cash and cash equivalents 337 877 207 366 Assets held for sale — 1 005 Total current assets 785 053 538 936 Total assets 1 699 717 1 438 986AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued) In thousands of US dollarsDecember 31 2021Unaudited December 31  2020 Equity Issued capital 853 831 Share premium 553 715 489 546 Treasury shares (16 596) (80 165) Other reserves (96 421) (110 593) Retained earnings (deficit) (173 117) (184 139) Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company 268 434 115 480 Non-controlling interests 25 718 25 790 Total equity 294 152 141 270 Liabilities Loans and borrowings 675 384 673 262 Lease liabilities 45 692 47 092 Employee benefits 162 628 197 158 Provisions 14 298 15 322 Deferred revenue 22 341 4 361 Other liabilities 11 098 8 237 Derivative financial instruments 2 064 4 389 Deferred tax liabilities 5 617 5 398 Total non-current liabilities 939 122 955 219Loans and borrowings 27 341 23 392 Lease liabilities 4 857 4 789 Short-term bank debt 13 046 7 561 Deferred revenue 18 478 1 623 Other liabilities 80 672 66 182 Trade and other payables 252 765 164 999 Derivative financial instruments 6 010 10 264 Advance payments from customers 35 091 29 885 Current tax liability 10 586 7 480 Provisions 17 597 26 322 Total current liabilities 466 443 342 497 Total liabilities 1 405 565 1 297 716 Total equity and liabilities 1 699 717 1 438 986AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Consolidated Statement of Cash FlowsFor the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2021 2020 Unaudited Cash from operating activities Profit (loss) for the period 13 779 (42 460) Adjustments to reconcile net profit (loss) to net cash flows: Non-cash: Income tax expense 8 707 11 184 Depreciation and amortization 43 685 43 661 Asset impairment (reversal) expense (711) 664 Net finance cost 33 602 21 094 Share of loss of associates and joint ventures 1 053 947 (Gain) loss on sale or disposal of property  plant and equipment (65) 358 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions 10 028 1 429 Movement in provisions  pensions  and government grants (10 184) (121) Working capital and deferred revenue adjustments 22 747 10 829 Cash generated from operating activities 122 641 47 585 Finance costs paid  net (21 950) (19 410) Income tax paid (9 903) (8 556) Net cash from operating activities 90 788 19 619 Cash used in investing activities Proceeds from sale of property  plant and equipment 1 029 71 Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangibles (162 240) (123 695) Acquisitions of subsidiaries (458) — Investments in associates and joint ventures (1 000) (1 000) Change in restricted cash 115 485 100 662 Interest received on restricted cash 39 1 120 Capitalized borrowing cost (15 838) (15 150) Other 30 76 Net cash used in investing activities (62 953) (37 916)AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)For the year ended December 31 In thousands of US dollars 2021 2020 Unaudited Cash from (used in) financing activities Proceeds from issuance of debt 352 152 9 190 Payment of transaction costs related to debt (7 630) — Repayment of borrowings (342 781) (4 072) Proceeds from issuance of common shares 123 627 — Net repurchase of common shares (2 058) (638) Dividends paid (7 598) (9 513) Payment of lease liabilities (5 313) (4 738) Contributions by non-controlling interests 667 597 Net cash from (used in) financing activities 111 066 (9 174) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 138 901 (27 471) Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 207 366 226 218 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held (8 390) 8 619 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 337 877 207 366This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This press release contains regulated information as defined in the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht).About AMGAMG is a global critical materials company at the forefront of CO 2 reduction trends. AMG produces highly engineered specialty metals and mineral products and provides related vacuum furnace systems and services to the transportation  infrastructure  energy  and specialty metals & chemicals end markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 300 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Russia and Japan ( www.amg-nv.com ).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking.” Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward-looking statements will not be achieved. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.2,0.31,0.49,True,English,"['AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. Reports', 'Full Year 2021 Results', 'Fourth Quarter', 'new $350 million 7-year senior secured term loan B facility', '$200 million 5-year senior secured revolving credit facility', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'battery grade lithium hydroxide upgrader', 'annual CO 2 intensity reduction targets', 'one new corporate entity', 'AMG Recycling B.V.', 'Clean Energy Materials segment', 'Lithium solid-state battery research', 'circular refinery residue opportunities', 'industrial power management applications', 'full run rate capacity', 'first lithium vanadium battery', 'term loan maturity', 'Enabling CO 2 Reduction Portfolio', 'prior credit facility', 'revolving credit availability', 'double full year 2020 EBITDA', 'Sustainability Linked Loan', 'catalyst recycling facility', 'lowest risk environment', 'direct CO 2 emissions', 'same time period', 'lithium value chain', 'German hydroxide project', 'Dr. Heinz Schimmelbusch', 'building site facilities', 'pandemic low point', 'key strategic projects', 'sixth straight quarter', 'seventh straight quarter', 'ECO 2 RP portfolio', 'AMG Lithium activities', 'facility closure', 'fourth quarter 2021 revenue', '79.0 million tons', '56.6 million tons', 'recycling capacity', 'Management Board', 'refinery residues', 'first quarter', 'AMG Vanadium', 'production capacity', 'first module', 'low level', 'Strategic Highlights', 'Site preparation', 'long-term value', 'revolver maturity', 'development activities', 'operating activities', 'third quarter', 'second quarter', 'Coronavirus Update', 'safety measures', 'highest degree', 'operational interruption', 'spodumene production', 'detailed engineering', 'second half', 'mechanical completion', 'Brazilian mining', 'processing plants', 'Financial Highlights', 'sequential improvement', 'full-year basis', 'date basis', 'total 2021 dividend', 'ordinary share', 'interim dividend', 'Environmental, Social', 'Regulated Information', 'sequential growth', 'price increases', 'strong volumes', 'AMG Brazil', 'zero hospitalizations', 'unrestricted cash', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'strong EBITDA', 'increasing EBITDA', 'ferrovanadium plant', '40,000 tons', '130,000 tons', '2021 EBITDA', 'disposal', 'attention', 'order', 'employees', '2030 commitment', 'construction', 'Zanesville', 'Ohio', 'Commissioning', 'Shell', 'SARBV', 'annum', 'beginning', 'Bitterfeld', 'Germany', 'LIVA', 'December', 'Frankfurt', 'Story', 'liquidity', 'August', 'November', 'Governance', 'ESG', 'February', '30% increase', '95% increase', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'regard', 'COVID']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
192,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4109122.html,Accor Unveils Preview of 2022 Openings  Renovations and Milestone Events Across North and Central America,Toronto  Canada - Accor is excited to announce a range of exciting openings  renovations and milestone celebrations at iconic properties across North & Central America.This year will also see the celebrations of milestone anniversaries at Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge and Fairmont Copley Plaza  as well as an array of new culinary offerings  experiences  and entertainment.Fairmont El San Juan Hotel - An oasis of luxury on the pristine Isla Verde Beach in Puerto Rico  Fairmont El San Juan is renovating its 351-square-foot Banyan Villa Rooms.Named for the property’s iconic 300-year-old Banyan Tree  each of the one-story Banyan Villas embodies the rich culture and history of San Juan.Foxwoods El San Juan Casino at Fairmont El San Juan Hotel - With Foxwoods’ 30-year legacy in resort and destination gaming  Foxwoods El San Juan Casino is an exciting and innovative addition to the captivating city of San Juan and to Puerto Rico’s most legendary address.,"Toronto  Canada - Accor is excited to announce a range of exciting openings  renovations and milestone celebrations at iconic properties across North & Central America. After a record-breaking year of signings and new development in 2021  the global leader in augmented hospitality is introducing two ultra-luxury brands into the North American market with the opening of Sofitel Legend Casco Viejo Panama and Raffles Boston Back Bay Hotel & Residences; and ushering in renovations at some of its most iconic addresses including Fairmont Banff Springs and Fairmont Chateau Whistler. This year will also see the celebrations of milestone anniversaries at Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge and Fairmont Copley Plaza  as well as an array of new culinary offerings  experiences  and entertainment.Read on to explore 2022 news from Accor across North & Central America.NOTEWORTHY HOTEL OPENINGSSofitel Legend Casco Viejo Panama - Accor’s internationally renowned French luxury heritage brand is coming to North and Central America. Sofitel Legend Casco Viejo Panama will make its grand debut this year on a distinctive waterfront enclave that was once the site of the former Union Club of Panama in the heart of the Casco Viejo district  a designated UNESCO World Heritage Site. The hotel will stand apart with its history  heritage  and celebration of Panamanian culture  and will bring undeniable French savoir-faire to one of the most sought-after destinations around the world. The stately address includes 159 beautifully appointed rooms and suites  the vast majority with enviable ocean views; five spectacular food and beverage venues  including a rooftop bar and lounge; a pool; Majordome butler service; as well as a full-service SoSPA and SoFit exercise studio overlooking the ocean.Raffles Boston Back Bay Hotel & Residences - Joining Raffles Hotels & Resorts’ prestigious collection of 16 unique and timeless properties  Raffles Hotel Boston Back Bay Hotel & Residences will bring glamour and elegance to this iconic New England destination with 147 guestrooms and 146 branded residences in a striking new 35-story LEED Gold building. Opening in late 2022  the project will be the brand’s first mixed-use property in North America. Hotel highlights include a mix of signature hotel services such as the Raffles Butler  and elegant and lively public spaces including a two-story sky lobby perched high above Copley Square  five distinct food and beverage venues  a state-of-the-art Raffles Spa with a 20-meter indoor pool  a stunning rooftop garden terrace and lounge  and expansive meeting and pre-function space. Located at the corner of Stuart Street and Trinity Place  the project is destined to reinforce the Back Bay as a first-class international neighborhood.NEW BEGINNINGSHere’s a look at the biggest and brightest renovation projects set to be unveiled in 2022.Fairmont Banff Springs - Set in the heart of Banff National Park  among towering snow-capped Rocky Mountain peaks and turquoise glacial lakes  this luxury resort is embarking on an extensive $27.5 million renovation of its suites and guest rooms. The first phase  currently underway and scheduled to be completed in the summer of 2022  includes the Royal Suite  Fairmont Gold rooms  select one and two bedroom suites  and terrace suites while the main building  including the conference center and guest rooms  is slated for completion in spring 2023.Fairmont Chateau Whistler - Located at the base of Blackcomb Mountain in Whistler  British Columbia  Fairmont Chateau Whistler is diving into a two-phase transformation by Hirsch Bedner Associates of its 366 guest rooms and eight suites starting this Spring  adopting modern alpine lodge décor emphasizing the destination’s exquisite natural setting. The refresh is scheduled for completion in December 2022.Fairmont Le Château Frontenac - One of the world’s most photographed hotels is giving travelers another reason to snap away. Standing tall over the Saint Lawrence River in Quebec  Fairmont Le Château Frontenac has officially completed an eight year  multi-million dollar revitalization spanning all restaurants  meeting spaces  the grand lobby  rooms and more. A landmark ahead of its time  this château is the first historic hotel to become carbon neutral in Canada.Fairmont Kea Lani - An oceanfront jewel on Polo Beach on the island of Maui in Hawaii  Fairmont Kea Lani is embracing 2022 with ho?omaka hou(a new beginning) – a multimillion dollar transformation of all of its suites and villas  as well as its grand entrance and lobby. Each of the 413 one-bedroom suites and 37 two-story villas will be completely reimagined from top to bottom to create a luxurious space that evokes stories of the island’s rich cultural heritage. The renovation will also bring a new cultural center designed as an immersive space sharing the mo’olelo (story) of the ahupua’a  Wailea and Maui  Hawai’i  through activities  interactive displays  and more. The resort will welcome a meticulously designed fusion of culture meets culinary-hot-spot blending the natural elements of Maui with the five senses of each guest in a brand-new food & beverage venue  offering breathtaking sunset views at the open-air long bar. The transformation will be complete in the first half of 2023.Fairmont El San Juan Hotel - An oasis of luxury on the pristine Isla Verde Beach in Puerto Rico  Fairmont El San Juan is renovating its 351-square-foot Banyan Villa Rooms. Named for the property’s iconic 300-year-old Banyan Tree  each of the one-story Banyan Villas embodies the rich culture and history of San Juan. Floral aromas waft over from the gardens  while guests can also contemplate the island nature from the comfort of their private terrace. Coming on March 1  2022!Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge – Located on the shore of Lac Beauvert in Jasper National Park  this sprawling 700-acre luxury resort is continuing its ambitious multi-year upgrades with a $1.4 million landscaping project along the Bayview Cabins. Once complete in June 2022  this area will be rejuvenated and will completely transform guest’s lakefront experience with refreshed pathways  private patios  signage  and more.TASTING AND TOASTING IN 2022Come hungry and thirsty to these new food and beverage outletsThe George at Fairmont Olympic Seattle - The George restaurant makes its debut in April with a stunning new look by Spanish design studio Lázaro Rosa-Violán (LRV) that honors the dining room’s famed history and soaring classical framework guided by the vernacular of the building’s original architect  George B. Post  while incorporating fresh and timeless interior designs. As a showcase of the Pacific Northwest  The George will offer the freshest seafood straight from local waters and dry-aged meats sourced from farms across the state and region. Artisan cheeses will be provided by local dairies  as well as seasonal Pacific Northwest fruits and vegetables from local farmers and sustainable foragers. Signature dishes include a traditional French bouillabaisse  The George seafood tower featuring a selection of Dungeness and King crab  oysters  prawns  mussels  clams  geoduck and bay scallops  and Painted Hills bone-in short rib with heirloom carrots and natural jus.HIX-Lounge and Bar at Fairmont Mayakoba - An airy  newly renovated lobby with a vast terrace gives patrons at HIX a bird’s-eye view of the dense mangrove forest  water canals  and wildlife of Mayakoba. The name HIX is a nod to the Mayan word for jaguar  and sculptures of these majestic and protective creatures feature dominantly in the center of the space  complete with hand-painted Huichol motifs in black and white.Tauro Steakhouse at Fairmont Mayakoba - Drawing inspiration from the strength and mythology of the animal behind the name  the recently opened Tauro elegantly combines Mexican ingredients with classic steakhouse techniques and recipes. Rooted in excellence and authenticity  Tauro sources the best cuts of meat and freshest vegetables  elevating them with well-seasoned and deeply flavored sauces. The steakhouse features an in-house dry-aging program  raw bar  prime cuts  as well as a 2-course all-inclusive menu option  handcrafted top-shelf cocktails  and a Martini Bar inspired by famous tastemakers.Fairmont Orchid - The signature fine-dining restaurant  Brown’s Beach House  has added a new vegan menu that incorporates locally sourced plants and herbs to create a sustainable  elevated  dining experience. Some of the mouth-watering plant-based dishes include compressed watermelon salad with li hing mui and spiced pistachio; tempura tofu with shimeji mushrooms; and congee with kabocha pumpkin and rainbow swiss chard.Fairmont Le Château Montebello - A cozy new bonfire area and cabin bar invites guests on corporate retreats to sip on warm libations on starry winter nights  while a fireside “Clicquot in the Snow” lounge welcomes all those looking for après-ski vibes accompanied by Veuve Clicquot Champagne on winter weekends.BEFORE & AFTER DARKExciting entertainment experiences make grand debutFairmont The Queen Elizabeth - Introducing Celeste  a new immersive cabaret show (audiences 12+) conceived and produced by Cirque Éloize  which has been showing exclusively at the hotel since February 17th. Here  audiences are transported into a dreamlike  nocturnal world that is equal parts mystery and glamour  and where acrobats  illusionists and live musicians perform a one-of-a-kind show before their eyes.Foxwoods El San Juan Casino at Fairmont El San Juan Hotel - With Foxwoods’ 30-year legacy in resort and destination gaming  Foxwoods El San Juan Casino is an exciting and innovative addition to the captivating city of San Juan and to Puerto Rico’s most legendary address. Located in the beachfront Fairmont El San Juan Hotel along the famed Isla Verde Beach  the approximately 15 000-square-foot casino features well-appointed table games and slot machines with first-class service  complementing the resort’s well-appointed luxury accommodations and vibrant amenities.The Plaza - A Fairmont Managed Hotel - With the highly anticipated fourth season of Marvelous Mrs. Maisel set to premiere this month  fans now have the opportunity to experience the glamour of New York City’s “Golden Age of Entertainment”. The Plaza  a New York icon  has partnered with the show and Amazon Prime Video to offer guests an opportunity to travel back in time with a Maisel-inspired afternoon tea menu and an immersive suite modeled after Midge’s ornate 1950’s Upper East Side apartment.CELEBRATING MILESTONESSome big birthdays are worth celebratingFairmont Jasper Park Lodge - In June 2022  this classic Canadian lodge in Alberta’s Jasper National Park will be celebrating its 100th anniversary since the Canadian National Railway opened its official hotel doors to the public. As a transient railway hotel for travelers heading through the Canadian Rockies  summertime was once the only operative season for the hotel. Nowadays  summer remains Jasper Park Lodge’s most popular season as guests explore the endless breathtaking trails and wildlife inhabitants of Jasper National Park and delight in the world’s second largest Dark Sky Preserve.Fairmont Copley Plaza - The iconic Boston hotel will celebrate a historic 110th anniversary in August 2022. Built on the original site of the Museum of Fine Arts  Boston  it took 16 months and a then- extravagant $5.5 million to build The Copley Plaza. Affectionately known as the “Grand Dame of Boston ” Fairmont Copley Plaza has stood as a symbol of Boston’s rich tradition  culture and hospitality since its opening in 1912.THE FUTURE OF WELLNESSActivities to improve holistic healthFairmont Century Plaza – Fairmont Spa Century Plaza  located at the recently opened and completely reimagined Fairmont Century Plaza  recently announced the debut of its new biohacking program. The program was co-designed by Dr. Oz Garcia  a biohacker and leading authority on age reversal and healthy aging  and Magdaleena Nikolov  General Manager of Spa  Wellness and Retail for Fairmont Century Plaza. This first-of-its-kind treatment protocol features three state-of-the-art treatments that promote wellbeing at a cellular level and aim to reduce stress  improve sleep and enhance the recipient’s overall quality of life. Each biohacking session includes the Oakworks Curva Lounger Anti-gravity Chair featuring a NASA-inspired curve and tilt that promotes relaxation in a meditative state; NuCalm®  a clinically-proven and patented neuroacoustic headset to calm the mind and nervous system; an Infrared PEMF Mat that relaxes the nervous system by regulating energy stored in the body; Normatec by HyperIce compression boots  which increase circulation and reduce inflammation; and LED Face Visors which use a combination of red  blue and amber light to increase blood circulation  generate collagen and improve cellular turnover.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry""s most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor""s unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company""s comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.67,0.26,0.07,True,English,"['Accor Unveils Preview', 'Milestone Events', 'Central America', '2022 Openings', 'Renovations', 'North', 'striking new 35-story LEED Gold building', 'Raffles Hotel Boston Back Bay Hotel', 'modern alpine lodge décor', 'towering snow-capped Rocky Mountain peaks', 'Sofitel Legend Casco Viejo Panama', 'Raffles Boston Back Bay Hotel', 'Fairmont Le Château Frontenac', 'eight year, multi-million dollar revitalization', 'renowned French luxury heritage brand', 'Fairmont Jasper Park Lodge', 'stunning rooftop garden terrace', 'iconic New England destination', 'Casco Viejo district', 'UNESCO World Heritage Site', 'undeniable French savoir-faire', 'art Raffles Spa', 'signature hotel services', 'Fairmont Gold rooms', 'Banff National Park', 'multimillion dollar transformation', 'first historic hotel', 'Fairmont Banff Springs', 'Fairmont Kea Lani', 'NOTEWORTHY HOTEL OPENINGS', 'rich cultural heritage', 'new culinary offerings', 'two ultra-luxury brands', 'distinctive waterfront enclave', 'former Union Club', 'five spectacular food', 'SoFit exercise studio', 'Resorts’ prestigious collection', 'five distinct food', 'first-class international neighborhood', 'turquoise glacial lakes', 'Hirsch Bedner Associates', 'Saint Lawrence River', 'hoʻomaka hou', 'mo’olelo (story', 'Fairmont Chateau Whistler', 'Fairmont Copley Plaza', 'first mixed-use property', 'new cultural center', 'Majordome butler service', 'lively public spaces', 'exquisite natural setting', 'brightest renovation projects', 'extensive $27.5 million renovation', 'enviable ocean views', '20-meter indoor pool', 'two bedroom suites', 'North American market', 'two-story sky lobby', 'Raffles Butler', 'main building', 'Hotel highlights', 'record-breaking year', 'Blackcomb Mountain', 'Raffles Hotels', 'eight suites', 'new development', 'NEW BEGINNINGS', 'rooftop bar', 'luxury resort', 'terrace suites', 'iconic properties', 'iconic addresses', 'first phase', 'exciting openings', 'Copley Square', 'conference center', 'two-phase transformation', 'meeting spaces', 'natural elements', 'Central America', 'global leader', 'augmented hospitality', 'milestone anniversaries', 'grand debut', 'stately address', 'vast majority', 'beverage venues', 'full-service SoSPA', 'timeless properties', 'expansive meeting', 'pre-function space', 'Stuart Street', 'Trinity Place', 'Royal Suite', 'British Columbia', 'grand lobby', 'oceanfront jewel', 'Polo Beach', 'grand entrance', '37 two-story villas', 'luxurious space', 'immersive space', 'interactive displays', 'guest rooms', '413 one-bedroom suites', 'milestone celebrations', 'Panamanian culture', 'Maui w', '146 branded residences', 'Toronto', 'Canada', 'Accor', 'range', 'renovations', 'signings', 'array', 'experiences', 'entertainment', '2022 news', 'heart', 'history', 'destinations', '159 beautifully', 'lounge', '16 unique', 'glamour', 'elegance', '147 guestrooms', 'late', 'elegant', 'corner', 'look', 'biggest', 'summer', 'completion', 'base', 'refresh', 'December', 'travelers', 'reason', 'Quebec', 'restaurants', 'landmark', 'island', 'Hawaii', 'bottom', 'stories', 'ahupua', 'Wailea', 'activities', 'fusion', 'culinary-hot-spot']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,hospitalitynet.org
193,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/evs-reports-2021-results-053000025.html,EVS reports 2021 results,Publication on February 24th  2022  before market openingRegulated and inside information – Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A...,Publication on February 24th  2022  before market openingRegulated and inside information Press release annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.: Euronext Brussels (EVS.BR)  Bloomberg (EVS BB)  Reu… [+66157 chars],neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['EVS', '2021 results', 'annual resultsEVS Broadcast Equipment S.A.', 'inside information Press release', 'February 24th', 'market openingRegulated', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EVS.BR', 'EVS BB', 'Publication', 'Bloomberg', '66157 chars']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
194,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-posts-record-results-first-070100330.html,Stellantis Posts Record Results in its First Year with 11.8% AOI Margin(1)(2) and €13.4 Billion Net Profit(1)  on a Pro Forma basis,"""Today’s record results prove that Stellantis is well positioned to deliver strong performance  even in the most uncertain market environments.I take this opportunity to also thank the management team for their relentless efforts as we faced and overcame intense headwinds.PRO FORMA 2021 Pro Forma(1) 2020 Pro Forma(1) 2021 Pro Forma vs.2020 Pro Forma Net revenues 152 119 133 882 +14% Net profit 13 354 4 790 +179% NON-GAAPPRO FORMA 2021 Pro Forma(1) 2020 Pro Forma(1) 2021 Pro Forma vs.2020 Pro Forma Adjusted operating income(2) 18 011 9 224 +95% Adjusted operating income margin(2) 11.8% 6.9% +490 bps Industrial free cash flows(3) 6 072 n.a.2021 includes Legacy FCA from January 17  2021  following the closure of the merger; “2021 Pro Forma” and “2020 Pro Forma"" are presented as if the merger had occurred January 1  2020.Reconciliations - H2Net revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit from continuing operations to Adjusted operating income","STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Posts Record Results in its First Year with 11.8% AOI Margin(1)(2)and €13.4 Billion Net Profit(1)  on a Pro Forma basisNet revenues (1) of €152 billion  up 14%Adjusted operating income (1)(2) (""AOI"") nearly doubled to €18.0 billion  with 11.8% margin and all segments profitableNet profit (1) of €13.4 billion  nearly tripled year-on-yearIndustrial free cash flows (1)(3) of €6.1 billion  mainly driven by strong profitability and net cash synergiesStrong synergies execution with ~€3.2 billion net cash benefitStrong Industrial available liquidity at €62.7 billion€3.3 billion ordinary dividend to be paid  subject to shareholder approvalFigures denoted with (1) are Pro Forma and are presented as if the merger was completed on January 1  2020. Refer to Note 1 on page 15. All comparisons are to FY 2020 Pro Forma(1)AMSTERDAM  February 23  2022 - As a new company formed on January 17  2021  Stellantis N.V. posted record results for 2021  accelerating the realization of merger synergies and building solid commercial performance  driven by a clear focus on speed of execution from day one. Stellantis also unveiled ambitious electrification and software plans in the year  with planned investments of more than €30 billion through 2025 and strong partnerships announced in battery technology  battery materials and software development.""Today’s record results prove that Stellantis is well positioned to deliver strong performance  even in the most uncertain market environments. I warmly thank all Stellantis employees across our regions  brands and functions for their contribution to building our new company powered by its diversity. I take this opportunity to also thank the management team for their relentless efforts as we faced and overcame intense headwinds. Together  we are focused on executing our plans as we race to become a sustainable mobility tech company.""Carlos Tavares  CEORESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONSFY 2022 GUIDANCEAdjusted Operating Income Margin(2) Double-DigitIndustrial Free Cash Flows(3) PositiveAssumes economic and COVID-19 conditions remain substantially unchanged2022 INDUSTRY OUTLOOK (5)North America +3% Middle East & Africa StableSouth America +3% India & Asia Pacific +5%Enlarged Europe +3% China Stable (€ million) 2021 2020IFRSNet revenues 149 419 47 656 Net profit 13 218 2 338 Cash flows from operating activities 18 646 n.a. PRO FORMA 2021 Pro Forma(1) 2020 Pro Forma(1) 2021 Pro Forma vs.2020 Pro Forma Net revenues 152 119 133 882 +14% Net profit 13 354 4 790 +179% NON-GAAPPRO FORMA 2021 Pro Forma(1) 2020 Pro Forma(1) 2021 Pro Forma vs.2020 Pro Forma Adjusted operating income(2) 18 011 9 224 +95% Adjusted operating income margin(2) 11.8% 6.9% +490 bps Industrial free cash flows(3) 6 072 n.a. n.a.n.a. = not applicableStory continuesBasis of preparation: All reported data is unaudited. “2021” and “2020” represent results as reportable under IFRS. 2021 includes Legacy FCA from January 17  2021  following the closure of the merger; “2021 Pro Forma” and “2020 Pro Forma"" are presented as if the merger had occurred January 1  2020. Refer to the section ""Notes"" for additional detail. Reference should be made to the section “Safe Harbor Statement” included elsewhere within this document.During 2021  Stellantis launched more than 10 new models  including the Citroën C4  Fiat Pulse  DS 4  Jeep ® Grand Cherokee  Wagoneer  Maserati MC20  Opel Mokka  Opel Rocks-e and Peugeot 308. The Company accelerated its low emission vehicles (LEV) commercial momentum leveraging the portfolio of 34 LEV models in market including hydrogen fuel cell medium vans. Global LEV sales reached 388 000 units  up 160 % year-on-year with a number one position for battery electric van sales in EU30. Stellantis confirmed its strong position in the global commercial vehicles market with leadership in both EU30 and South America markets and achieved its highest ever worldwide pickup sales with approximately 1 million vehicles sold.In North America  the Jeep Wrangler 4xe was the bestselling plug-in hybrid electric vehicle in U.S. retail for 2021.In South America  Stellantis was the market leader in 2021 with 22.9% share  and was also the leader in commercial vehicles with 30.9 % market share.In Enlarged Europe  Stellantis was the EU30 market leader in commercial vehicles with 33.7% market share for 2021. The Peugeot 208 was the number one selling vehicle in the EU30 and the 2008 was number one in the EU30 B-SUV segment for 2021.In Middle East & Africa  consolidated shipments were up 6%  while market share grew in most major markets year-on-year.In India & Asia Pacific  the Company is preparing to launch the all-new Citroën C3  developed and produced in India.In China  Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën Automobile Co. Ltd (DPCA)  more than doubled its annual sales volume of 2020 with 100 000 units sold and Stellantis became the fourth largest Independent After Market (IAM) parts distributor in China with sales growth of approximately 30% year on year.Maserati global market share grew to 2.4%  with North America and China market share at 2.9% and 2.7%  respectively  for 2021.Stellantis also took important steps to strengthening its global financing operations in the U.S. with the creation of Stellantis Financial Services US Corp.  as well as in Europe with enhanced financing partnerships with BNP Paribas Personal Finance  Crédit Agricole Consumer Finance and Santander Consumer Finance.On February 23  2022 at 2:00 p.m. CET / 8:00 a.m. EST  a live webcast and conference call will be held to present Stellantis Full Year 2021 Results. The webcast and recorded replay will be accessible under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at www.stellantis.com. The presentation material is expected to be posted under the Investors section of the Stellantis corporate website at approximately 8:00 a.m. CET / 2:00 a.m. EST on February 23  2022.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit w ww.stellantis.comContacts: communications@stellantis.com or investor.relations@stellantis.comSEGMENT PERFORMANCEIn addition to the commentary provided below  all segments’ shipments and results reflect the impacts of 2020 COVID-related temporary production suspensions and 2021 losses of ~20% of planned production due to unfilled semiconductor ordersNORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise stated2021Pro Forma(1) 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. 2020Pro Forma € million  except as otherwise stated 2021Pro Forma(1) 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. 2020Pro Forma Shipments (000s) 1 820 1 852 (32) Shipments (000s) 830 560 +270 Net revenues 69 736 60 633 +9 103 Net revenues 10 681 6 252 +4 429 AOI 11 356 6 123 +5 233 AOI 882 156 +726 AOI margin 16.3% 10.1% +620 bps AOI margin 8.3% 2.5% +580 bps Shipments down 2%  mainly due to discontinuation of Dodge Grand Caravan and Journey in H2 2020  partially offset by 2021 Jeep and Wagoneer white-space launches  as well as higher Ram pickup volumesNet revenues up 15%  primarily due to favorable vehicle mix and strong net pricing  partially offset by unfavorable FX translationAdjusted operating income up 85%  with record 16.3% margin  driven by higher Net revenues Shipments up 48%  primarily due to extended COVID interruptions in 2020 and strong demand for Fiat Strada and all-new Fiat Pulse  as well as mid-cycle refreshes of Fiat Toro and Jeep CompassNet revenues up 71%  mainly driven by higher volumes and strong net pricing  as well as favorable vehicle and market mix  partially offset by negative FX translationAdjusted operating income up 465%  due to higher Net revenues  more than offsetting increased raw materials costs and unfavorable FX impactsENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA € million  except as otherwise stated2021Pro Forma(1) 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. 2020Pro Forma € million  except as otherwise stated2021Pro Forma(1) 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. 2020Pro Forma Shipments (000s)2 8602 939(79)Combined shipments(4) (000s) 389 398 (9) Consolidated(4) shipments (000s) 273 257 +16 Net revenues 59 060 56 480 +2 580 Net revenues 5 201 4 756 +445 AOI 5 370 3 059 +2 311 AOI 545 300 +245 AOI margin 9.1% 5.4% +370 bps AOI margin 10.5% 6.3% +420 bps Shipments down 3%  with higher volumes of all-new Opel Mokka  Citroën C4 and Fiat New 500 more than offset by impact of unfilled semiconductor ordersNet revenues up 5%  mainly due to favorable vehicle mix  primarily higher BEV and PHEV volumes  net pricing  as well as parts and services  partially offset by reduced new and used vehicle volumesAdjusted operating income up 76%  driven by increased Net revenues  purchasing and manufacturing efficiencies  as well as reduced compliance costs  more than offsetting higher raw materials costs Consolidated shipments up 6%  primarily driven by all-new Citroën C4  Opel Mokka and Jeep Grand Cherokee L  as well as higher Peugeot 208 and Jeep Wrangler volumesNet revenues up 9%  mainly due to higher net pricing  including pricing actions for Turkish lira devaluation  and increased volumes  partially offset by negative FX translationAdjusted operating income up 82%  reflects higher Net revenues  partially offset by negative FX transaction effectsCHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise stated2021Pro Forma(1) 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. 2020Pro Forma € million  except as otherwise stated2021Pro Forma(1) 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. 2020Pro Forma Combined shipments(4) (000s) 219 181 +38 Shipments (000s) 24.2 16.9 +7.3 Consolidated(4) shipments (000s) 120 95 +25 Net revenues 2 021 1 375 +646 Net revenues 3 980 3 200 +780 AOI 103 (91) +194 AOI 442 231 +211 AOI margin5.1%(6.6)%+1 170bpsAOI margin 11.1% 7.2% +390 bps Improved results mainly driven by favorable net pricing  volumes and vehicle mix  primarily related to Jeep Wrangler and Ram 1500  partially offset by increased product costs Improved results mainly due to higher volumes and net pricing  driven by launch of refreshed lineup  favorable market mix  particularly in China  and improved residual values  partially offset by negative FX transaction effectsH2 RESULTS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS(€ million) H2 2021 H2 2020Pro Forma(1) H2 2021 vs.H2 2020Pro Forma H2 2020 IFRSNet revenues 76 809 82 214 (7)% 28 042 Net profit 7 418 5 603 +32% 1 541 Cash flows from operating activities 13 031 NON-GAAPAdjusted operating income(2) 9 389 8 472 11% Adjusted operating income margin(2) 12.2% 10.3% +190 bps Industrial free cash flows(3) 7 235NORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA € million  except as otherwise statedH2 2021 H2 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. H2 2020 Pro Forma € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2021 H2 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. H2 2020Pro Forma Shipments (000s) 947 1 155 (208) Shipments (000s) 406 374 +32 Net revenues 37 289 37 792 (503) Net revenues 5 745 4 060 +1 685 AOI 6 120 5 247 +873 AOI 556 219 +337 AOI margin 16.4% 13.9% +250 bps AOI margin 9.7% 5.4% +430 bpsENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA € million  except as otherwise statedH2 2021 H2 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. H2 2020 Pro Forma € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2021 H2 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. H2 2020Pro Forma Shipments (000s)1 1961 758(562)Combined shipments(4) (000s) 189 268 (79) Consolidated shipments (000s) 135 164 (29) Net revenues 27 020 33 797 (6 777) Net revenues 2 654 2 999 (345) AOI 2 541 2 865 (324) AOI 298 257 +41 AOI margin 9.4% 8.5% +90 bps AOI margin 11.2% 8.6% +260 bpsCHINA AND INDIA & PACIFIC MASERATI € million  except as otherwise statedH2 2021 H2 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. H2 2020 Pro Forma € million  except as otherwise stated H2 2021 H2 2020Pro Forma(1) vs. H2 2020Pro Forma Combined shipments(4) (000s) 117 106 +11 Shipments (000s) 13.4 11.8 +1.6 Consolidated shipments (000s) 59 59 — Net revenues 1 136 930 +206 Net revenues 2 097 2 000 +97 AOI 74 13 +61 AOI 236 164 +72 AOI margin6.5%1.4%+510bpsAOI margin 11.3% 8.2% +310 bpsReconciliations - Full YearNet revenues from external customers to Pro Forma Net revenues and Net profit from continuing operations to Pro Forma Adjusted operating incomeResults from continuing operations 2021 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers(A) 67 706 10 474 58 602 5 165 3 924 2 002 1 546 149 419 Add: FCA Net revenues from external customers January 1 - 16  2021(B) 2 015 189 335 36 51 18 60 2 704 Add: Pro Forma adjustments(C) 3 — (7) — — — — (4) Pro Forma Net revenues from external customers  January 1 - December 31  2021 69 724 10 663 58 930 5 201 3 975 2 020 1 606 152 119 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 12 18 130 — 5 1 (166) — Pro Forma Net revenues(D) 69 736 10 681 59 060 5 201 3 980 2 021 1 440 152 119 Net profit from continuing operations 13 218 Tax expense 1 911 Net financial expenses 734 Share of the profit of equity method investees (737) Operating income 15 126 Add: FCA operating income  January 1 - 16  2021 77 Add: Pro forma adjustments 96 Pro Forma Operating income 15 299 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(E) (4) 54 781 2 — 1 39 873 Change in estimate of non-contractual warranties(F) 2 68 581 57 13 11 — 732 Reversal of inventory fair value adjustment in purchase accounting(G) 401 13 89 — 19 — — 522 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(H) 58 6 233 6 — 6 — 309 Brazilian indirect tax-reversal of liability/recognition of credits(I) — (253) — — — — — (253) Other(J) 228 41 (17) (6) 7 2 274 529 Total adjustments January 1 - December 31  2021 685 (71) 1 667 59 39 20 313 2 712 Pro Forma Adjusted operating income(2) 11 356 882 5 370 545 442 103 (687) 18 011________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) PSA was identified as the accounting acquirer in the merger  which was accounted for as a reverse acquisition  under IFRS 3 – Business Combinations  and  as such  it contributed to the results of the Company beginning January 1  2021. FCA was consolidated into Stellantis effective January 17  2021  the day after the merger became effective.(B) FCA consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - January 16  2021  excluding intercompany transactions(C) Reclassifications made to present FCA’s Net revenues January 1 - January 16  2021 consistently with that of PSA(D) Pro Forma Stellantis consolidated Net revenues  January 1 - December 31  2021(E) Restructuring and other costs related to reorganization of operations and dealer network  primarily in Enlarged Europe(F) Change in estimate for warranty costs incurred after the contractual warranty period(G) Reversal of fair value adjustment recognized in purchase accounting on FCA inventories(H) Primarily related to certain vehicle platforms in Enlarged Europe(I) Benefit related to final decision of Brazilian Supreme Court on calculation of state value added tax(J) Includes other costs primarily related to merger and integration activitiesNet profit from continuing operations to Adjusted operating incomeResults from continuing operations 2021 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net profit from continuing operations 13 218 Tax expense 1 911 Net financial expenses 734 Share of the profit of equity method investees (737) Operating income 15 126 Adjustments: Restructuring and other costs  net of reversals(A) (4) 54 781 2 — 1 39 873 Change in estimate of non-contractual warranties(B) 2 68 581 57 13 11 — 732 Reversal of inventory fair value adjustment in purchase accounting(C) 401 13 89 — 19 — — 522 Impairment expense and supplier obligations(D) 58 6 233 6 — 6 — 309 Brazilian indirect tax-reversal of liability/recognition of credits(E) — (253) — — — — — (253) Other(F) 228 41 (17) (6) 7 2 274 529 Total adjustments January 1 - December 31  2021 685 (71) 1 667 59 39 20 313 2 712 Less: Adjustments January 1 - 16  2021(G) 11 Adjusted operating income(2) 11 103 873 5 419 554 444 116 (682) 17 827________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Restructuring and other costs related to reorganization of operations and dealer network  primarily in Enlarged Europe(B) Change in estimate for warranty costs incurred after the contractual warranty period(C) Reversal of fair value adjustment recognized in purchase accounting on FCA inventories(D) Primarily related to certain vehicle platforms in Enlarged Europe(E) Benefit related to final decision of Brazilian Supreme Court on calculation of state value added tax(F) Includes other costs primarily related to merger and integration activities(G) Primarily costs related to the mergerNet revenues from external customers to Pro Forma Net revenues and Net profit from continuing operations to Pro Forma Adjusted operating incomeResults from continuing operations 2020 (€ million) NORTH AMERICA SOUTH AMERICA ENLARGED EUROPE MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA CHINA AND INDIA & ASIA PACIFIC MASERATI OTHER(*) STELLANTIS Net revenues from external customers  restated(A) 122 1 153 42 383 3 055 864 — 79 47 656 Add: FCA Net revenues from external customers  January 1 – December 31  2020(B) 60 307 5 236 14 497 1 680 2 267 1 376 1 313 86 676 Add: Pro Forma adjustments(C) 189 (134) (490) — 15 (3) (27) (450) Pro Forma Net revenues from external customers  January 1 – December 31  2020 60 618 6 255 56 390 4 735 3 146 1 373 1 365 133 882 Net revenues from transactions with other segments 15 (3) 90 21 54 2 (179) — Pro Forma Net revenues(D) 60 633 6 252 56 480 4 756 3 200 1 375 1 186 133 882 Net profit from continuing operations 2 338 Tax expense 504 Net financial expenses 94 Share of the loss of equity method investees 74 Add: FCA operating income  January 1 - December 31  2020 2 165 Add: Pro forma adjustments 2 261 Pro Forma Operating income 7 436 Adjustments: Impairment expense and supplier obligations(E) 154 176 319 (1) 135 297 49 1 129 Restructuring costs  net of reversals(F) 32 27 414 — — 3 14 490 Provision for U.S. investigation matters(G) — — — — — — 222 222 Loss/(gain) on disposal of investments(H) — — 10 — (204) — 16 (178) Other(I) 10 (2) (199) (4) — 4 316 125 Total adjustments January 1 - December 31  2020 196 201 544 (5) (69) 304 617 1 788 Pro Forma Adjusted operating income (2) 6 123 156 3 059 300 231 (91) (554) 9 224___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________(*) Other activities  unallocated items and eliminations(A) Net revenues from external customers of PSA as reported  re-presented to reflect the reportable segments presented by the Company  and to exclude the results of Faurecia  which is presented as a discontinued operation in the Income Statement of the Company for the year ended December 31  2020(B) Net revenues from external customers of FCA as reported  re-presented to reflect the reportable segments presented by the Company(C) Reclassifications made to present FCA’s Net revenues consistently with that of PSA(D) Pro Forma Stellantis consolidated Net revenues presented as if the Merger had been completed on January 1  2020(E) Primarily related to impairment expense in North America  South America  Enlarged Europe and China and India & Asia Pacific due to reduced volume expectations primarily as a result of the estimated impacts of COVID  impairments of certain assets in Maserati and certain B-segment assets in Enlarged Europe  as well as impairments in North America due to the change in CAFE penalty rates for future model years(F) Restructuring costs related to reorganization of operations  primarily in Enlarged Europe(G) Provision recognized for estimated probable losses to settle matters under investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice  primarily related to criminal investigations associatedwith U.S. diesel emissions matters(H) Primarily related to disposal of Changan PSA Auto Company Ltd (“CAPSA”)  which was a joint venture in China(I) Primarily includes other costs related to merger and litigation proceedingsCash flows from operating activities to Pro Forma Industrial free cash flows2021 (€ million) Cash flows from operating activities 18 646 Less: Cash flows from operating activities - discontinued operations — Cash flows from operating activities - continuing operations 18 646 Less: Operating activities not attributable to industrial activities 276 Less: Capital Expenditures and capitalized research and development expenditures and change in amounts payable on property  plant and equipment and intangible assets for industrial activities 10 081 Add: Proceeds from disposal of assets and other changes in investing activities 327 Less: Contributions of equity to joint ventures and minor acquisitions of consolidated subsidiaries and equity method investments 811 Add: Net intercompany payments between continuing operations and discontinued operations — Add: Defined benefit pension contributions  net of tax 80 Industrial free cash flows(3) 7 885 Add: FCA Industrial free cash flows  January 1 - 16  2021 (1 813) Pro Forma Industrial free cash flows(3) 6 072Aggregated Industrial free cash flows2020 (€ million) PSA Automotive free cash flows 2 660 FCA Industrial free cash flows 624 Aggregated Industrial free cash flows(*) 3 284(*) The aggregated Industrial free cash flows for 2020 is the simple aggregation of FCA and PSA (excluding Faurecia) and does not reflect purchase accounting adjustments required by IFRS.Debt to Industrial net financial position€ million December 31  2021 Debt (33 582) Current financial receivables from jointly-controlled financial services companies 103 Derivative financial assets/(liabilities)  net and collateral deposits (9) Financial securities 1 499 Cash and cash equivalents 49 629 Net financial position 17 640 Less: Net financial position of financial services (1 450) Industrial net financial position(6) 19 090Aggregated Industrial net financial position(*)€ million December 31  2020 PSA Automotive net financial position 13 231 FCA Net industrial cash 4 595 Aggregated Industrial net financial position 17 826(*)The aggregated Industrial net financial position at December 31  2020 is the simple aggregation of the previously reported amounts by FCA and PSA (excluding Faurecia) and does not reflect a) fair value adjustments increasing debt by approximately €1 400 million as of January 17  2021 recorded as part of the purchase accounting adjustments required by IFRS; and b) approximately €230 million of a reduction in the Industrial net financial position to align to the Stellantis definition of Industrial net financial position.Reconciliations - H2Net revenues from external customers to Net revenues and Net profit from continuing operations to Adjusted operating income",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.68,0.04,0.28,True,English,"['Pro Forma basis', 'Record Results', 'First Year', '11.8% AOI Margin', 'Stellantis', '€', 'Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën Automobile Co. Ltd', 'hydrogen fuel cell medium vans', 'FY 2022 GUIDANCE Adjusted Operating Income Margin', 'bestselling plug-in hybrid electric vehicle', 'Industrial free cash flows', 'new Citroën C', 'Strong Industrial available liquidity', 'battery electric van sales', 'sustainable mobility tech company', '~€3.2 billion net cash benefit', 'global commercial vehicles market', 'one selling vehicle', 'Pro Forma Net revenues', 'Global LEV sales', '€3.3 billion ordinary dividend', 'worldwide pickup sales', 'annual sales volume', 'F R S', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'Jeep ® Grand Cherokee', 'Jeep Wrangler 4xe', 'U.S. retail', 'most major markets', 'fourth largest Independent', 'FY 2020 Pro Forma', 'net cash synergies', 'low emission vehicles', 'LEV) commercial momentum', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'solid commercial performance', '4 Billion Net Profit', 'uncertain market environments', 'EU30 B-SUV segment', 'South America markets', 'number one position', 'Strong synergies execution', 'Pro Forma basis', 'EU30 market leader', 'The Peugeot 208', 'operating activities', 'strong performance', 'strong position', 'new company', 'battery technology', 'battery materials', '34 LEV models', '1 million vehicles', '11.8% AOI Margin', 'strong profitability', 'strong partnerships', '10 new models', '2021 Pro Forma', 'North America', 'The Company', 'shareholder approval', 'clear focus', 'ambitious electrification', 'software development', 'management team', 'relentless efforts', 'intense headwinds', 'Carlos Tavares', 'CONTINUING OPERATIONS', 'COVID-19 conditions', '2022 INDUSTRY OUTLOOK', 'Middle East', 'Asia Pacific', 'Enlarged Europe', 'Legacy FCA', 'additional detail', 'Fiat Pulse', 'Maserati MC20', 'Opel Mokka', 'Opel Rocks-e', '30.9 % market share', '33.7% market share', 'merger synergies', 'Record Results', 'software plans', 'Stellantis employees', 'First Year', '11.8% margin', 'China Stable', '22.9% share', 'segments', 'profitable', 'Figures', 'January', 'Note', 'page', 'comparisons', 'AMSTERDAM', 'realization', 'speed', 'day', 'investments', 'regions', 'brands', 'functions', 'contribution', 'diversity', 'opportunity', 'CEO', 'economic', 'Africa', 'India', 'Story', 'preparation', 'data', 'IFRS', 'closure', 'section', 'Reference', 'document', 'Wagoneer', 'portfolio', '388,000 units', 'leadership', 'highest', 'consolidated', 'shipments', 'DPCA', '100,000 units', 'IAM', 'parts']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
195,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4489623-formfactor-neutral-again,FormFactor Stock: Neutral Again (NASDAQ:FORM),PhonlamaiPhoto/iStock via Getty ImagesAfter our recent analysis on FormFactor (FORM)  we would like to discuss the company's recent results after their Q4 and FY disclosure.In short  Technoprobe grew the top-line sales by 37% compared to FormFactor at 13.61% in the period between 2016 and 2020.Revenue CAGSSource: Mare Evidence Lab TeamLooking at the margins  we need to note that FormFactor revenue is split between systems and probe cards.Gross profit TechoprobeSource: Mare Evidence Lab TeamConclusion & ValuationUpdating our internal model with the latest results and management guidance  we classified FormFactor with a neutral rating.FormFactor Q1 GuidanceSource: FormFactor Q4 ResultsIf you are interested in our latest coverage on European semis  please have a look at our recently published articles:,"PhonlamaiPhoto/iStock via Getty ImagesAfter our recent analysis on FormFactor (FORM)  we would like to discuss the company's recent results after their Q4 and FY disclosure. Despite the Ukraine situation and the implied market volatility  Technoprobe was successfully listed in the Euronext Growth Milan Market with already a 12% performance at the time of writing. We remind to our readers that the IPO price was set at 5.7 euros per share. Back to FormFactor  we recognised a very good set of numbers after their recent publication  but after having analysed the financial details  we would like to emphasize the MACRO trends that the company is following:FormFactor is presenting itself as the clear ""market leader in large and growing semiconductor test and measurement sector"" The company will benefit quoting the latest presentation with an ""exponential growth in semiconductor content  increased 5G and data center spending and adoption of advanced packaging to counter slowdown in Moore's Law"" The leader in R&D Last but not least important  as a cutting-edge technology company with a ""profitable financial model with earnings growth and strong cash flow""FormFactor MACRO trendsSource: FormFactor Q4 ResultsAt first sight and looking at the company performance  we are positively impressed. Going deeper into the analysis and comparing what they are saying with their Italian counterpart  we are more skeptical. Last time  we focused our analysis on the Italian superiority in terms of R&D as well as technical leadership among the probe suppliers. Today we are looking at revenue trajectory and marginality.In short  Technoprobe grew the top-line sales by 37% compared to FormFactor at 13.61% in the period between 2016 and 2020.Revenue CAGSSource: Mare Evidence Lab TeamLooking at the margins  we need to note that FormFactor revenue is split between systems and probe cards. The former has a superior marginality compared to the latter. It is well presented in the last 10k report uploaded in early February.Gross MarginSource: FormFactor 10k reportAnd once again cross-checking the numbers with Technoprobe  which is a sole supplier of probe cards  we immediately see the gross margin difference. 45% gross profit margin for FormFactor versus a stable 79% in Technoprobe.Gross profit TechoprobeSource: Mare Evidence Lab TeamConclusion & ValuationUpdating our internal model with the latest results and management guidance  we classified FormFactor with a neutral rating. These assumptions are based on the lower revenue line and a better marginality versus the management expectation. We based our valuation on a forecast EBITDA 2022 of $150 million and we arrive at a stock price of $45.FormFactor Q1 GuidanceSource: FormFactor Q4 ResultsIf you are interested in our latest coverage on European semis  please have a look at our recently published articles:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['FormFactor Stock', 'NASDAQ', 'Mare Evidence Lab Team', 'Gross profit Techoprobe Source', 'Euronext Growth Milan Market', 'FormFactor Q1 Guidance Source', 'FormFactor MACRO trends Source', 'Gross Margin Source', '45% gross profit margin', 'gross margin difference', 'Revenue CAGS Source', 'data center spending', 'strong cash flow', 'last 10k report', 'growing semiconductor test', 'lower revenue line', 'FormFactor 10k report', 'clear ""market leader', 'profitable financial model', 'cutting-edge technology company', 'FormFactor Q4 Results', 'market volatility', 'management guidance', 'exponential growth', 'earnings growth', 'FormFactor revenue', 'recent results', 'financial details', 'semiconductor content', 'revenue trajectory', 'internal model', 'latest results', 'Getty Images', 'FY disclosure', 'Ukraine situation', 'IPO price', 'good set', 'recent publication', 'measurement sector', 'latest presentation', 'advanced packaging', 'R&D', 'first sight', 'Italian counterpart', 'Italian superiority', 'technical leadership', 'probe suppliers', 'top-line sales', 'probe cards', 'early February', 'sole supplier', 'neutral rating', 'management expectation', 'forecast EBITDA', 'stock price', 'latest coverage', 'European semis', 'recent analysis', 'superior marginality', 'company performance', '12% performance', 'PhonlamaiPhoto', 'iStock', 'Technoprobe', 'time', 'writing', 'readers', '5.7 euros', 'share', 'numbers', 'large', '5G', 'adoption', 'slowdown', 'Moore', 'Law', 'terms', 'period', 'margins', 'systems', 'former', 'latter', 'Conclusion', 'Valuation', 'assumptions', 'look', 'articles']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,seekingalpha.com
196,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/key-information-regarding-seadrill-limiteds-emergence-from-chapter-11-301488108.html,Key information regarding Seadrill Limited's emergence from Chapter 11,"HAMILTON  Bermuda   Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Seadrill Limited (the ""Company"") earlier today  where the Company announced its emergence from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Plan of Reorganization (the ""Plan"").Further details in respect of the New Common Shares will be set out in a listing prospectus which will be approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and published prior to such listing.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements of the Oslo Stock Exchange pursuant to Oslo Rule Book II – Issuer Rules.New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors.CONTACT:[email protected]020 3745 4960This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comSOURCE Seadrill Limited","HAMILTON  Bermuda   Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Seadrill Limited (the ""Company"") earlier today  where the Company announced its emergence from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Plan of Reorganization (the ""Plan""). Pursuant to the Plan  and as further set out in the stock exchange notice announced earlier  the new parent company for the Seadrill group  whose name will be changed on or about the date of emergence to Seadrill Limited  will have approximately 50 000 000 new common shares issued and outstanding (the ""New Common Shares"") on the Effective Date (as defined therein).- Date on which the terms and conditions of the issuance of the New Common Shares were announced: 22 February 2022- Last day including: 22 February 2022- Ex-date: 23 February 2022- Record date: 24 February 2022- Exchange ratio: 0.00124519 New Common Shares per existing common share of the Company- ISIN for the New Common Shares: BMG7997W1029Delivery of the New Common Shares will be made as soon as possible  and subject to appropriate arrangements being confirmed with Euronext Securities Oslo. Subject to certain approvals  it is expected that New Common Shares will initially be listed at the Euronext Expand market of the Oslo Stock Exchange in the second quarter of 2022  and ultimately listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange once all listing rules are satisfied. Further details in respect of the New Common Shares will be set out in a listing prospectus which will be approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and published prior to such listing.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements of the Oslo Stock Exchange pursuant to Oslo Rule Book II – Issuer Rules.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business  the markets in which it operates and its restructuring efforts. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's regulatory filings and periodical reporting. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward looking statement.CONTACT:[email protected]020 3745 4960This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comSOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,mixed,0.25,0.02,0.73,True,English,"['Key information', 'Seadrill Limited', 'emergence', 'Chapter', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Oslo Rule Book II', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'stock exchange announcement', 'stock exchange notice', '50,000,000 new common shares', 'existing common share', 'Euronext Expand market', 'SOURCE Seadrill Limited', 'new parent company', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Exchange ratio', 'New factors', 'Seadrill group', 'appropriate arrangements', 'second quarter', 'Further details', 'disclosure requirements', 'Issuer Rules', 'restructuring efforts', 'actual results', 'regulatory filings', 'periodical reporting', 'Such statements', 'forward-looking statements', 'listing rules', 'listing prospectus', 'news release', 'future events', 'unanticipated events', 'current plans', 'Effective Date', 'Record date', 'business prospects', 'The Company', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Reference', 'emergence', 'Chapter', 'reorganization', 'name', 'terms', 'conditions', 'issuance', 'Last', '22 February', 'Ex-date', '23 February', '24 February', 'ISIN', 'Delivery', 'approvals', 'respect', 'information', 'historical', 'nature', 'strategies', 'changes', 'trends', 'markets', 'management', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'beliefs', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'mind', 'time', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'impact', 'extent', 'combination', 'CONTACT', 'Cision']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
197,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220223006204/en/TechnipFMC-Announces-Fourth-Quarter-2021-Results,TechnipFMC Announces Fourth Quarter 2021 Results,Summary Financial Results from Continuing Operations - Fourth Quarter 2021Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $130.3 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 8.6 percent (Exhibit 8).Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $580.4 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 9.1% (Exhibit 9).The Company ended the period with cash and cash equivalents of $1 327.4 million; net debt was $677.5 million (Exhibit 10).TeleconferenceThe Company will host a teleconference on Thursday  February 24  2022 to discuss the fourth quarter 2021 financial results.,NEWCASTLE & HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TechnipFMC plc (NYSE: FTI) today reported fourth quarter 2021 results.Summary Financial Results from Continuing Operations - Fourth Quarter 2021Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Three Months Ended Change (In millions  except per share amounts) Dec. 31  2021 Sep. 30  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Sequential Year-over-Year Revenue $1 523.3 $1 579.4 $1 600.3 (3.6%) (4.8%) Income (loss) $(127.2) $(40.6) $(75.5) n/m n/m Diluted earnings (loss) per share $(0.28) $(0.09) $(0.17) n/m n/m Adjusted EBITDA $130.3 $140.6 $119.0 (7.3%) 9.5% Adjusted EBITDA margin 8.6% 8.9% 7.4% (30 bps) 120 bps Adjusted income (loss) $(55.8) $(25.0) $(27.4) n/m n/m Adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per share $(0.12) $(0.06) $(0.06) n/m n/m Inbound orders $2 106.7 $1 365.9 $1 012.4 54.2% 108.1% Backlog $7 657.7 $7 002.4 $7 289.5 9.4% 5.1%Total Company revenue in the fourth quarter was $1 523.3 million. Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC was $127.2 million  or $0.28 per diluted share. These results included after-tax charges and credits totaling $71.4 million of expense  or $0.16 per share  which included the following (Exhibit 6):Impairment and other charges of $28.2 million;Restructuring and other charges of $13.6 million; andLoss from equity investment in Technip Energies of $29.6 million.Adjusted loss from continuing operations was $55.8 million  or $0.12 per diluted share (Exhibit 6). Included in adjusted loss from continuing operations was a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $22.4 million.Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $130.3 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 8.6 percent (Exhibit 8). Included in adjusted EBITDA was a foreign exchange gain of $4.6 million.Summary Financial Results from Continuing Operations - Full Year 2021Reconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Twelve Months Ended Change (In millions  except per share amounts) Dec. 31  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Year-over-Year Revenue $6 403.5 $6 530.6 (1.9%) Income (loss) $87.8 $(3 552.6) n/m Diluted earnings (loss) per share $0.19 $(7.92) n/m Adjusted EBITDA $580.4 $397.2 46.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 9.1% 6.1% 300 bps Adjusted income (loss) $(121.3) $(168.6) n/m Adjusted diluted earnings (loss) per share $(0.27) $(0.38) n/m Inbound orders $6 754.2 $5 064.2 33.4% Backlog $7 657.7 $7 289.5 5.1%Total Company revenue in the full year was $6 403.5 million. Income from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC was $87.8 million  or $0.19 per diluted share. These results included after-tax charges and credits totaling $209.1 million of credit  or $0.46 per share  which included the following (Exhibit 7):Impairment and other charges of $85.8 million;Restructuring and other charges of $27.3 million; andIncome from equity investment in Technip Energies of $322.2 million.Adjusted loss from continuing operations was $121.3 million  or $0.27 per diluted share (Exhibit 7). Included in adjusted loss from continuing operations was a loss on early extinguishment of debt of $61.9 million.Adjusted EBITDA  which excludes pre-tax charges and credits  was $580.4 million; adjusted EBITDA margin was 9.1% (Exhibit 9). Included in adjusted EBITDA was a foreign exchange gain of $15.8 million.Doug Pferdehirt  Chair and CEO of TechnipFMC  stated  “ 2021 was a breakout year for our Company. Full-year adjusted EBITDA was $580 million with a margin of 9.1 percent  a 300 basis point improvement on the prior year. Free cash flow from continuing operations was $523 million  and we significantly reduced net debt by nearly 70 percent from the prior year to $678 million.”“ We are confident that we have entered a multi-year upcycle for energy demand. TechnipFMC is well positioned for this activity growth given our leadership in both subsea and the Middle East. Total Company inbound orders grew an impressive 33 percent versus the prior year to $6.8 billion  with continued strength expected through at least 2025.”Pferdehirt continued  “ In Surface Technologies  full-year inbound orders increased nearly 70 percent to $1.8 billion  with orders outside North America more than doubling versus the prior year. In the fourth quarter  our surface business received its largest ever award  a multi-year contract from Abu Dhabi National Oil Company to provide wellheads  trees and associated services. We believe the Middle East represents one of our largest opportunities this decade.”“ In Subsea  full-year inbound orders of $5 billion increased 24 percent versus the prior year. The improved inbound orders also reflected continued strength in South America  particularly Brazil and Guyana. We also experienced further adoption of iEPCI™  with increased geographic expansion.”“ Our Subsea Opportunity list has expanded to a record level of more than $20 billion  providing increased visibility into the middle of the decade. The growth in part reflects the continued robust front-end activity. Our early engagement and client partnerships support our view that subsea tree awards for the total industry are likely to exceed 350 in the current year – a level not seen since 2013. For TechnipFMC  we anticipate subsea inbound order growth of up to 30 percent in 2022  with iEPCI™  direct awards and Subsea services approaching 75 percent of orders.”Pferdehirt added  “ The inflection for the energy market is here. Since 2015  offshore economics have materially improved  and subsea cycle-times have become significantly shorter. This has resulted in new subsea investments coming much earlier in the cycle and more in parallel with U.S. land markets. We believe these changes are fundamental and sustainable as a result of new business models and technology pioneered by our company.”Pferdehirt continued  “ While we are confident that oil and gas will remain an important part of the energy mix for an extended period of time  we are also committed to the energy transition. To address these evolving markets  we recently announced the formation of New Energy Ventures. This team will build upon the actions we have taken across multiple platforms and technologies that we believe could deliver $1 billion in inbound orders through 2025.”“ Our ability to successfully collaborate with key industry players is evidenced by several new strategic agreements and partnerships formed over the last year  some of which have already resulted in real project opportunities. These include a long-term strategic alliance with Talos Energy to develop and deliver the first technical and commercial solutions for carbon capture and storage projects in the Gulf of Mexico. We were also successful in securing an option in the ScotWind leasing round through our partnership  Magnora Offshore Wind.”Pferdehirt concluded  “ We are confident that the robust outlook combined with changes in our business model will translate into improved operational and financial performance. Our strong project execution and continued industrialization of our operations leave us well positioned to achieve improved profitability across the portfolio  including a near doubling of Subsea EBITDA by 2025. This  along with our emerging role in the energy transition  will allow us to thrive as the energy architect in both present and future energy markets.”Operational and Financial HighlightsSubseaFinancial HighlightsReconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Three Months Ended Change (In millions) Dec. 31  2021 Sep. 30  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Sequential Year-over-Year Revenue $1 236.2 $1 312.1 $1 338.0 (5.8%) (7.6%) Operating profit $8.5 $23.5 $(9.5) (63.8%) n/m Adjusted EBITDA $123.6 $146.5 $116.5 (15.6%) 6.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.0% 11.2% 8.7% (120 bps) 130 bps Inbound orders $1 034.8 $1 116.0 $712.1 (7.3%) 45.3% Backlog1 2 3 $6 533.0 $6 661.4 $6 876.0 (1.9%) (5.0%)Estimated Consolidated Backlog Scheduling (In millions) Dec. 31  2021 2022 $3 373 2023 $2 228 2024 and beyond $932 Total $6 533 1 Backlog in the period was increased by a foreign exchange impact of $68 million. 2 Backlog does not capture all revenue potential for Subsea Services. 3 Backlog does not include total Company non-consolidated backlog of $579 million.Subsea reported fourth quarter revenue of $1 236.2 million  a decrease of 5.8 percent from the third quarter. Revenue decreased sequentially primarily due to reduced project activity in Africa and Australia and the seasonal impact on services activity  particularly in the North Sea.Subsea reported an operating profit of $8.5 million. Operating results decreased sequentially due to lower project and services activity  partially offset by a reduction in impairment  restructuring and other charges.Subsea reported adjusted EBITDA of $123.6 million. Adjusted EBITDA decreased 15.6 percent when compared to the third quarter  due to reduced project activity and the seasonal decline in services. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 120 basis points to 10 percent.Subsea inbound orders were $1 034.8 million for the quarter. Book-to-bill in the period was 0.8. The following awards were included in the period:TechnipFMC awarded long-term contract by Petrobras (Brazil)Substantial* long-term charter and services contract from Petrobras for the pipelay support vessel Coral do Atlântico. The Brazilian-registered vessel has been secured on a three-year contract  with an option to extend. Operations offshore Brazil are expected to begin in the second quarter of 2022. Coral do Atlântico is an important component of the Company’s leading flexible pipe ecosystem in Brazil and will mainly be deployed in ultra-deepwater of up to 3 000 meters.*A “substantial” contract is between $250 million and $500 million.ExxonMobil Yellowtail Project (Guyana)Large* contract by Exxon Mobil Corporation affiliate  Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited  to supply the subsea production system for the Yellowtail development. Subject to government approvals and final project sanction  TechnipFMC will provide project management  engineering  manufacturing and testing capabilities to deliver the overall subsea production system. The scope of the project includes 51 enhanced vertical deepwater trees (EVDT) and associated tooling  as well as 12 manifolds and associated controls and tie-in equipment.*A “large” contract is between $500 million and $1 billion; the full contract award will not be included in inbound orders until the project receives final investment decision and government approvals.Petrobras Flexible Pipe Frame Agreements (Brazil)Three frame agreements by Petrobras that reaffirm the Company’s leadership position in Brazil’s flexible pipe market – the industry’s largest and most established market. Altogether  the frame agreements form a large* contract for TechnipFMC. The contracts were awarded as part of Petrobras’s drive to increase oil recovery in its brownfield developments  mainly in post-salt fields offshore Brazil. The frame agreements cover the manufacture of more than 500 kilometers of flexible pipe over the next four years  as well as services. This brings the Company’s total contracted volumes in the current year with Petrobras to around 600 kilometers.*A “large” contract is between $500 million and $1 billion; a portion of this award will be inbound in future periods.Subsequent to the period  the following awards were announced and will be included in first quarter 2022 results:Equinor Smørbukk Nord iEPCI™ Project (Norway)An integrated Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation (iEPCI™) contract for Equinor’s Smørbukk Nord development. The contract covers a high-pressure  high-temperature subsea production system and associated equipment for a brownfield tieback in the Åsgard field in the Norwegian Continental Shelf  where TechnipFMC has a large installed base. The award follows front end engineering and design work on the project in 2021. The installation campaign will use TechnipFMC’s battery hybrid vessel  which will reduce greenhouse gas emissions through reduced fuel consumption.Petrobras Búzios 6 Field Project (Brazil)Large* subsea Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation (EPCI) contract by Petrobras for its Búzios 6 field (module 7)  a greenfield development in the pre-salt area. The contract covers flexible and rigid pipe  umbilicals  pipeline end terminals  rigid jumpers  umbilical termination assemblies and a mooring system. The flexible pipe  umbilicals and subsea structures  as well as some of the rigid pipe  will be manufactured in Brazil using skills and competencies the Company has developed in-country  while minimizing the carbon footprint associated with transportation and installation. The project will also utilize our established and qualified Brazilian supply chain.*A “large” contract is between $500 million and $1 billion.Partnership and Alliance HighlightsAcquisition of Magma Global to Accelerate Development of Breakthrough Composite Pipe Technologies for Conventional Energy and CO2 ApplicationsTechnipFMC completed the acquisition of the outstanding shares of Magma Global (Magma)  the leading provider of composite pipe technology to support the Energy Transition. TechnipFMC originally acquired an interest in Magma in 2018  combining its strong history in flexible pipe technology with Magma’s advanced composite capabilities to develop a disruptive composite pipe solution for the traditional and new energy industries.Magma’s technology enables the manufacture of Thermoplastic Composite Pipe (TCP) using Polyether Ether Ketone (PEEK) polymer  which is highly resistive to corrosive compounds  such as CO2. When combined with TechnipFMC’s flexible pipe technology  this forms a Hybrid Flexible Pipe (HFP) that will be deployed in the Brazilian pre-salt fields. Manufactured by a fully automated robotic system  PEEK TCP will also be a critical enabler for both the carbon and hydrogen transportation and storage markets  and particularly offshore applications.TechnipFMC and Saipem Announce SURF Commercial AgreementTechnipFMC and Saipem announced the two companies have entered into a global commercial agreement that will allow them to identify projects worldwide that could be jointly executed for the benefit of clients. The commercial agreement will pursue specific Subsea Umbilicals  Risers and Flowlines (SURF) projects where the combination of the companies’ complementary world-class assets  technologies  products and competencies improves project economics and de-risks the overall project development for the benefit of all stakeholders. The collaboration will have access to a broad range of SURF products and installation methods  providing greater operational flexibility and optimized execution strategies under EPCI (Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation) and iEPCI™ (integrated Engineering  Procurement  Construction and Installation) project execution models.Energy Transition HighlightsStrategic Alliance with Talos Energy to Provide Carbon Capture and StorageSubsequent to the third quarter  TechnipFMC and Talos Energy entered into a long-term strategic alliance to develop and deliver technical and commercial solutions to Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) projects along the United States Gulf Coast. The alliance combines Talos’s offshore operational strength and sub-surface expertise with TechnipFMC’s extended history in subsea engineering  system integration and automation and control.Cultivated through a shared vision to responsibly deliver CCS solutions that will help to reduce the global carbon footprint  this innovative partnership will accelerate offshore CCS adoption with reliable  specialized systems. Under the alliance  the companies will collaborate to progress CCS opportunities through the full lifecycle of storage site characterization  front-end engineering and design (FEED)  and first injection through life of field operations. This further advances the companies’ leadership in the emerging Gulf Coast CCS market  building on Talos’s recent successful award as the operator of the only major offshore carbon sequestration hub in the United States.Strategic Investment and Collaboration with Orbital Marine Power to Accelerate Tidal EnergyTechnipFMC signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Orbital Marine Power (Orbital)  a pioneer of tidal energy technology  to jointly collaborate in tidal energy to accelerate the global commercialization of Orbital’s technology and deliver the first commercial scale floating tidal field. Orbital’s unique floating turbine  the most powerful in the world to date  can harness underwater currents generated by tides  which can then be converted into electricity and exported to shore. Because of its predictability  tidal energy offers a reliable and consistent form of renewable energy. Tidal energy has the ability to make a cost-effective contribution to net zero transitions around the world at a utility scale. When combined with TechnipFMC’s integrated approach  industrialization capabilities and project management expertise  Orbital’s technology can be scaled-up to meet the increasing demand for renewable energy and significantly lower the cost of delivering tidal energy.Magnora Offshore Wind Successful in ScotWind Leasing Round ApplicationTechnipFMC and Magnora ASA (Magnora) announced that their partnership  Magnora Offshore Wind AS  has been offered the opportunity to enter into an Option Agreement for the N3 area by the Crown Estate Scotland in the ScotWind leasing round. The planned development will have a total capacity of approximately 500 megawatts (MW)  which could power more than 600 000 homes in the United Kingdom. The N3 area is situated in the north-western part of Scotland  40 kilometers offshore Western Isles. The planned wind farm will cover an area of approximately 100 square kilometers in water depths of 106 to 125 meters  and the concept base for the application is 33 semi-submersible floating wind turbines of 15 MW capacity. The ambition is to achieve Consent in 2026  Final Investment Decision in 2028  and start production in 2030  contributing to achieving Scotland’s Net Zero targets  Pathway to 2030.Surface TechnologiesFinancial HighlightsReconciliation of U.S. GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures are provided in financial schedules.Three Months Ended Change (In millions) Dec. 31  2021 Sep. 30  2021 Dec. 31  2020 Sequential Year-over-Year Revenue $287.1 $267.3 $262.3 7.4% 9.5% Operating profit $8.8 $12.1 $15.1 (27.3%) (41.7%) Adjusted EBITDA $28.9 $28.4 $30.9 1.8% (6.5%) Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.1% 10.6% 11.8% (50 bps) (170 bps) Inbound orders $1 071.9 $249.9 $300.3 328.9% 256.9% Backlog $1 124.7 $341.0 $413.5 229.8% 172.0%Surface Technologies reported fourth quarter revenue of $287.1 million  an increase of 7.4 percent from the third quarter. Revenue increased sequentially due to higher activity both internationally and in North America.Surface Technologies reported operating profit of $8.8 million. Sequentially  operating profit decreased primarily due to restructuring  impairment and other charges of $3.8 million. Results benefited from continued improvement in North America operating performance  partially offset by investment in new international manufacturing capacity.Surface Technologies reported adjusted EBITDA of $28.9 million. Adjusted EBITDA increased 1.8 percent when compared to the third quarter. Results benefited from continued improvement in North America operating performance  partially offset by investment in new international manufacturing capacity. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased 50 basis points to 10.1 percent.Inbound orders for the quarter were $1 071.9 million  an increase of 328.9 percent sequentially. Book-to-bill was 3.7 in the period. Inbound growth was driven by a multi-year framework agreement from Abu Dhabi National Oil Company. Backlog ended the period at $1 124.7 million.The following award was included in the period:Abu Dhabi National Oil Company Multi-Year Framework Agreement (Abu Dhabi)TechnipFMC  through Gulf Automation Services and Oilfield Supplies LLC  has been awarded a major* 10-year framework agreement for wellheads  trees and associated services by the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC). Under the framework agreement  TechnipFMC will further grow in-country talent and expand existing manufacturing  assembly and test capabilities in Abu Dhabi in order to deliver the Company’s complete portfolio of surface wellheads and trees locally.*A “major” contract is over $1 billion; a portion of this award will be inbound in future periods.Energy Transition HighlightsTechnipFMC and PETRONAS to Commercialize Gas Processing TechnologyTechnipFMC and PETRONAS Technology Ventures Sdn Bhd (PTVSB)  a subsidiary of PETRONAS  entered into an agreement to commercialize a unique natural gas processing membrane which reduces greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. Through the technology commercialization agreement  TechnipFMC will utilize and integrate the membrane technology licensed from PETRONAS as part of its production portfolio in projects worldwide  outside China. The technology  which removes carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide by using wetted membranes  is 30 percent more efficient than existing gas treatment processes and can reduce GHG emissions by significant amounts. The membrane has potential applications in both offshore and onshore hydrocarbon production environments.TechnipFMC and Storengy Sign Memorandum of Understanding to Develop Hydrogen Storage and Utilization SystemTechnipFMC and Storengy  an ENGIE subsidiary  have signed a Memorandum of Understanding for the development of a ready-to-scale-up solution for the storage and utilization of hydrogen as part of the HyPSTER Project. The HyPSTER Project is a flagship development of renewable hydrogen underground storage in Europe. The project will test industrial-scale green hydrogen production and storage in salt caverns  as well as the ability to technically and economically duplicate this approach in sites across Europe. The project comprises a 1 megawatt electrolyser proton exchange membrane  a compressor for the production platform and dispensing solutions for the surface facility. TechnipFMC will provide surface wellheads and expertise in system integration for the project.Corporate and Other Items (three months ended  December 31  2021)Corporate expense was $29.7 million. Excluding charges and credits totaling $2.2 million of expense  corporate expense was $27.5 million.Foreign exchange gain was $4.6 million.Net interest expense was $34.3 million.The provision for income taxes was $39.4 million.Total depreciation and amortization was $95.7 million.Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $483.5 million. Capital expenditures were $60.5 million. Free cash flow from continuing operations was $423 million (Exhibit 11).The Company ended the period with cash and cash equivalents of $1 327.4 million; net debt was $677.5 million (Exhibit 10).Gross debt in the period decreased sequentially by $250.9 million  primarily due to the completion of cash tender offers for outstanding debt (Exhibit 10).Net debt decreased by $544.3 million when compared to the third quarter  primarily due to strong free cash flow generation of $423 million and the sale of 9 million shares of Technip Energies for proceeds of $116.4 million.Investment in Technip EnergiesThe Company completed the partial spin-off of Technip Energies on February 16  2021. Financial results for Technip Energies are reported as discontinued operations. The Company’s investment in Technip Energies is reflected in current assets at market value.Following the distribution of the majority stake  the Company retained ownership of 49.9% of Technip Energies’ outstanding shares. We sold approximately 75% of this remaining stake during 2021 for proceeds of $900.9 million. As of December 31  2021  we retained 12.2% ownership of Technip Energies’ issued and outstanding share capital.In January 2022  we sold 9 million Technip Energies shares for total proceeds of $135.1 million. As of February 23  2022  we retained a direct stake of 12.9 million shares  representing 7.1% of Technip Energies’ issued and outstanding share capital.Additional itemOn January 10  2022  the Company announced that following a comprehensive review of its strategic objectives  it would proceed with the voluntary delisting of its shares from Euronext Paris. The delisting was completed on February 18  2022.The Company’s shares remain listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FTI”.2022 Full-Year Financial Guidance1The Company’s full-year guidance for 2022 can be found in the table below.All segment guidance assumes no further material degradation from COVID-19-related impacts.2022 Guidance (As of February 23  2022) Subsea Surface Technologies Revenue in a range of $5.2 - 5.6 billion Revenue in a range of $1 150 - 1 300 million EBITDA margin in a range of 11 - 12% (excluding charges and credits) EBITDA margin in a range of 11 - 13% (excluding charges and credits) TechnipFMC Corporate expense  net $100 - 110 million (includes depreciation and amortization of ~$5 million) Net interest expense $105 - 115 million Tax provision  as reported $100 - 110 million Capital expenditures approximately $230 million Free cash flow $100 - 250 million1Our guidance measures adjusted of EBITDA margin  corporate expense  net  net interest expense and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures. We are unable to provide a reconciliation to comparable GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort because of the unpredictability of the individual components of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and the variability of items excluded from each such measure. Such information may have a significant  and potentially unpredictable  impact on our future financial results.TeleconferenceThe Company will host a teleconference on Thursday  February 24  2022 to discuss the fourth quarter 2021 financial results. The call will begin at 1 p.m. London time (8 a.m. New York time). Webcast access and an accompanying presentation can be found at www.TechnipFMC.com.An archived audio replay will be available after the event at the same website address. In the event of a disruption of service or technical difficulty during the call  information will be posted on our website.About TechnipFMCTechnipFMC is a leading technology provider to the traditional and new energy industries; delivering fully integrated projects  products  and services.With our proprietary technologies and comprehensive solutions  we are transforming our clients’ project economics  helping them unlock new possibilities to develop energy resources while reducing carbon intensity and supporting their energy transition ambitions.Organized in two business segments — Subsea and Surface Technologies — we will continue to advance the industry with our pioneering integrated ecosystems (such as iEPCI™  iFEED™ and iComplete™)  technology leadership and digital innovation.Each of our approximately 20 000 employees is driven by a commitment to our clients’ success  and a culture of strong execution  purposeful innovation  and challenging industry conventions.TechnipFMC uses its website as a channel of distribution of material company information. To learn more about how we are driving change in the industry  go to www.TechnipFMC.com and follow us on Twitter @TechnipFMC.This communication contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues  earnings  cash flows  or other aspects of our operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words such as “guidance ” “confident ” “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “plan ” “intend ” “foresee ” “should ” “would ” “could ” “may ” “will ” “likely ” “predicated ” “estimate ” “outlook” and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations  beliefs  and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on us. While management believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. All of our forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections  including unpredictable trends in the demand for and price of crude oil and natural gas; competition and unanticipated changes relating to competitive factors in our industry  including ongoing industry consolidation; the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the demand for our products and services; our inability to develop  implement and protect new technologies and services; the cumulative loss of major contracts  customers or alliances; disruptions in the political  regulatory  economic and social conditions of the countries in which we conduct business; the refusal of DTC and Euroclear to act as depository and clearing agencies for our shares; the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union; the impact of our existing and future indebtedness and the restrictions on our operations by terms of the agreements governing our existing indebtedness; the risks caused by our acquisition and divestiture activities; the risks caused by fixed-price contracts; any delays and cost overruns of new capital asset construction projects for vessels and manufacturing facilities; our failure to deliver our backlog; our reliance on subcontractors  suppliers and our joint venture partners; a failure or breach of our IT infrastructure or that of our subcontractors  suppliers or joint venture partners  including as a result of cyber-attacks; the risks of pirates endangering our maritime employees and assets; potential liabilities inherent in the industries in which we operate or have operated; our failure to comply with numerous laws and regulations  including those related to environmental protection  health and safety  labor and employment  import/export controls  currency exchange  bribery and corruption  taxation  privacy  data protection and data security; the additional restrictions on dividend payouts or share repurchases as an English public limited company; uninsured claims and litigation against us  including intellectual property litigation; tax laws  treaties and regulations and any unfavorable findings by relevant tax authorities; the uncertainties related to the anticipated benefits or our future liabilities in connection with the spin-off of Technip Energies (the “Spin-off”); any negative changes in Technip Energies’ results of operations  cash flows and financial position  which impact the value of our remaining investment therein; potential departure of our key managers and employees; adverse seasonal and weather conditions and unfavorable currency exchange rate and risk in connection with our defined benefit pension plan commitments and other risks as discussed in Part I  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31  2020 and Part II  Item 1A  “Risk Factors” of our subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.We caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise  except to the extent required by law.Exhibit 1 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (In millions  except per share data) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31  September 30  December 31  December 31  2021 2021 2020 2021 2020 Revenue $ 1 523.3 $ 1 579.4 $ 1 600.3 $ 6 403.5 $ 6 530.6 Costs and expenses 1 559.1 1 543.4 1 701.2 6 369.6 10 037.2 (35.8 ) 36.0 (100.9 ) 33.9 (3 506.6 ) Other income (expense)  net 28.0 (35.9 ) 60.3 47.2 89.7 Income (loss) from investment in Technip Energies (29.6 ) 28.5 — 322.2 — Income (loss) before net interest expense and income taxes (37.4 ) 28.6 (40.6 ) 403.3 (3 416.9 ) Net interest expense (34.3 ) (39.3 ) (9.1 ) (143.3 ) (81.8 ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt (22.4 ) (16.0 ) — (61.9 ) — Income (loss) before income taxes (94.1 ) (26.7 ) (49.7 ) 198.1 (3 498.7 ) Provision for income taxes 39.4 12.3 5.9 111.1 19.4 Income (loss) from continuing operations (133.5 ) (39.0 ) (55.6 ) 87.0 (3 518.1 ) (Income) loss from continuing operations attributable to non-controlling interests 6.3 (1.6 ) (19.9 ) 0.8 (34.5 ) Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc (127.2 ) (40.6 ) (75.5 ) 87.8 (3 552.6 ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations (28.5 ) 8.4 41.7 (72.6 ) 280.2 Income from discontinued operations attributable to non-controlling interests — — (5.5 ) (1.9 ) (15.2 ) Net income (loss) attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (155.7 ) $ (32.2 ) $ (39.3 ) $ 13.3 $ (3 287.6 ) Earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations Basic and diluted $ (0.28 ) $ (0.09 ) $ (0.17 ) $ 0.19 $ (7.92 ) Earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations Basic and diluted $ (0.06 ) $ 0.02 $ 0.08 $ (0.17 ) $ 0.59 Earnings (loss) per share attributable to TechnipFMC plc Basic and diluted $ (0.35 ) $ (0.07 ) $ (0.09 ) $ 0.03 $ (7.33 ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic 450.5 450.7 448.7 450.5 448.7 Diluted 454.6 450.7 448.7 454.6 448.7 Cash dividends declared per share $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 0.13Exhibit 2 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES BUSINESS SEGMENT DATA (In millions) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31  September 30  December 31  December 31  2021 2021 2020 2021 2020 Revenue Subsea $ 1 236.2 $ 1 312.1 $ 1 338.0 $ 5 329.1 $ 5 471.4 Surface Technologies 287.1 267.3 262.3 1 074.4 1 059.2 $ 1 523.3 $ 1 579.4 $ 1 600.3 $ 6 403.5 $ 6 530.6 Income (loss) before income taxes Segment operating profit (loss) Subsea $ 8.5 $ 23.5 $ (9.5 ) $ 141.4 $ (2 815.5 ) Surface Technologies 8.8 12.1 15.1 42.0 (429.3 ) Total segment operating profit (loss) 17.3 35.6 5.6 183.4 (3 244.8 ) Corporate items Corporate expense (1) $ (29.7 ) $ (29.3 ) $ (59.8 ) $ (118.1 ) $ (131.9 ) Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt (56.7 ) (55.3 ) (9.1 ) (205.2 ) (81.8 ) Income (loss) from investment in Technip Energies (29.6 ) 28.5 — 322.2 — Foreign exchange gains (losses) 4.6 (6.2 ) 13.6 15.8 (40.2 ) Total corporate items (111.4 ) (62.3 ) (55.3 ) 14.7 (253.9 ) Income (loss) before income taxes (2) $ (94.1 ) $ (26.7 ) $ (49.7 ) $ 198.1 $ (3 498.7 )(1) Corporate expense primarily includes corporate staff expenses  share-based compensation expenses  and other employee benefits.(2) Includes amounts attributable to non-controlling interests.Exhibit 3 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES BUSINESS SEGMENT DATA (In millions  unaudited) Three Months Ended Year Ended Inbound Orders (1) December 31  September 30  December 31  December 31  2021 2021 2020 2021 2020 Subsea $ 1 034.8 $ 1 116.0 $ 712.1 $ 4 960.9 $ 4 003.0 Surface Technologies 1 071.9 $ 249.9 300.3 1 793.3 1 061.2 Total inbound orders $ 2 106.7 $ 1 365.9 $ 1 012.4 $ 6 754.2 $ 5 064.2Order Backlog (2) December 31  2021 September 30  2021 December 31  2020 Subsea $ 6 533.0 $ 6 661.4 $ 6 876.0 Surface Technologies 1 124.7 341.0 413.5 Total order backlog $ 7 657.7 $ 7 002.4 $ 7 289.5(1) Inbound orders represent the estimated sales value of confirmed customer orders received during the reporting period.(2) Order backlog is calculated as the estimated sales value of unfilled  confirmed customer orders at the reporting date.Exhibit 4 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) (Unaudited) December 31 2021 December 31 2020 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 327.4 $ 1 269.2 Trade receivables  net 911.9 987.7 Contract assets 966.0 886.8 Inventories  net 1 031.9 1 252.8 Other current assets 787.0 1 323.1 Investment in Technip Energies 317.3 — Current assets of discontinued operations — 5 725.1 Total current assets 5 341.5 11 444.7 Property  plant and equipment  net 2 597.2 2 756.2 Intangible assets  net 813.7 851.3 Other assets 1 267.7 1 356.9 Non-current assets of discontinued operations — 3 283.5 Total assets $ 10 020.1 $ 19 692.6 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt $ 277.6 $ 624.7 Accounts payable  trade 1 294.3 1 201.0 Contract liabilities 1 012.9 1 046.8 Other current liabilities 1 267.0 1 446.2 Current liabilities of discontinued operations — 6 096.5 Total current liabilities 3 851.8 10 415.2 Long-term debt  less current portion 1 727.3 2 835.5 Other liabilities 1 022.6 1 102.6 Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations — 1 081.3 Redeemable non-controlling interest — 43.7 TechnipFMC plc stockholders’ equity 3 402.7 4 154.2 Non-controlling interests 15.7 40.4 Non-controlling interests of discontinued operations — 19.7 Total liabilities and equity $ 10 020.1 $ 19 692.6Exhibit 5 TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions  unaudited) (In millions) Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2021 2021 2020 Cash provided (required) by operating activities Net income (loss) (162.0 ) 14.4 (3 237.9 ) Net (income) loss from discontinued operations $ 28.5 $ 72.6 $ (280.2 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash provided (required) by operating activities Depreciation 72.3 291.3 308.7 Amortization 23.4 94.1 103.4 Impairments 28.2 49.1 3 273.8 Employee benefit plan and share-based compensation costs 11.8 34.3 36.4 Deferred income tax provision  net (56.1 ) (95.1 ) (31.8 ) Income (loss) from investment in Technip Energies 29.6 (322.2 ) — Unrealized loss (gain) on derivative instruments and foreign exchange 50.1 30.8 (13.3 ) Loss from equity affiliates  net of dividends received (10.0 ) (0.6 ) (58.2 ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt 22.4 61.9 — Other 13.5 (5.5 ) (32.7 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities  net of effects of acquisitions Trade receivables  net and contract assets 246.9 (73.1 ) 433.4 Inventories  net 31.8 197.7 87.4 Accounts payable  trade 15.8 93.8 (236.4 ) Contract liabilities 105.7 0.9 (61.8 ) Income taxes payable (receivable)  net 35.8 214.7 (56.1 ) Other current assets and liabilities  net 6.1 63.5 551.2 Other non-current assets and liabilities  net (10.3 ) (7.6 ) (13.5 ) Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations 483.5 715.0 772.4 Cash provided (required) by operating activities from discontinued operations — 66.3 (115.5 ) Cash provided by operating activities 483.5 781.3 656.9 Cash provided (required) by investing activities Capital expenditures (60.5 ) (191.7 ) (256.1 ) Payment to acquire debt securities — (29.1 ) (3.9 ) Proceeds from sale of debt securities — 27.4 51.5 Acquisition  net of cash acquired (15.3 ) (15.3 ) — Proceeds from sale of assets 8.9 104.6 45.5 Proceeds from sales of investment in Technip Energies 116.4 900.9 — Proceeds from repayment of advance to joint venture 12.5 25.0 26.7 Other — — 15.5 Cash provided (required) by investing activities from continuing operations 62.0 821.8 (120.8 ) Cash required by investing activities from discontinued operations — (4.5 ) (59.8 ) Cash provided (required) by investing activities 62.0 817.3 (180.6 ) Cash required by financing activities Net decrease in short-term debt (30.7 ) (62.0 ) (31.9 ) Net decrease in commercial paper — (974.3 ) (340.9 ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt — 1 164.4 223.2 Repayments of long-term debt (220.0 ) (1 462.2 ) (423.9 ) Acquisition of non-controlling interest — (48.6 ) — Payments for debt issuance cost (6.9 ) (60.4 ) — Dividends paid — — (59.2 ) Other (0.4 ) (4.2 ) (19.2 ) Cash required by financing activities from continuing operations (258.0 ) (1 447.3 ) (651.9 ) Cash required by financing activities from discontinued operations — (3 617.7 ) (430.3 ) Cash required by financing activities (258.0 ) (5 065.0 ) (1 082.2 ) Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 5.9 (14.0 ) 223.5 Change in cash and cash equivalents 293.4 (3 480.4 ) (382.4 ) Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows  beginning of period 1 034.0 4 807.8 5 190.2 Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows  end of period $ 1 327.4 $ 1 327.4 $ 4 807.8 Less: Cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations $ — $ — $ 3 538.6 Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at end of period $ 1 327.4 $ 1 327.4 $ 1 269.2Exhibit 6TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Charges and CreditsIn addition to financial results determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)  the third quarter 2021 Earnings Release also includes non-GAAP financial measures (as defined in Item 10 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended) and describes performance on a sequential and year-over-year basis against the comparable period in 2020. Net income  excluding charges and credits  as well as measures derived from it (including Diluted EPS  excluding charges and credits); Income before net interest expense and taxes  excluding charges and credits (Adjusted Operating profit); Depreciation and amortization  excluding charges and credits; Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization  excluding charges and credits (Adjusted EBITDA); Adjusted EBITDA margin; Corporate expense  excluding charges and credits; Foreign exchange  net and other  excluding charges and credits; and net cash are non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes that the exclusion of charges and credits from these financial measures enables investors and management to more effectively evaluate TechnipFMC's operations and consolidated results of operations period-over-period  and to identify operating trends that could otherwise be masked or misleading to both investors and management by the excluded items. These measures are also used by management as performance measures in determining certain incentive compensation. The foregoing non-GAAP financial measures should be considered by investors in addition to  not as a substitute for or superior to  other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following is a reconciliation of the most comparable financial measures under GAAP to the non-GAAP financial measures.Three Months Ended December 31  2021 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Loss attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt Income (loss) before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (127.2 ) $ (6.3 ) $ 39.4 $ 56.7 $ (37.4 ) $ 95.7 $ 58.3 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 28.2 — — — 28.2 — 28.2 Restructuring and other charges 13.6 — 0.6 — 14.2 — 14.2 Loss from investment in Technip Energies 29.6 — — — 29.6 — 29.6 Adjusted financial measures $ (55.8 ) $ (6.3 ) $ 40.0 $ 56.7 $ 34.6 $ 95.7 $ 130.3 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (0.28 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.12 )Three Months Ended September 30  2021 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Income attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt Income before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (40.6 ) $ 1.6 $ 12.3 $ 55.3 $ 28.6 $ 96.5 $ 125.1 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 38.0 — — — 38.0 — 38.0 Restructuring and other charges 6.1 — (0.1 ) — 6.0 — 6.0 Income from investment in Technip Energies (28.5 ) — — — (28.5 ) — (28.5 ) Adjusted financial measures $ (25.0 ) $ 1.6 $ 12.2 $ 55.3 $ 44.1 $ 96.5 $ 140.6 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (0.09 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.06 )Exhibit 6TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  2020 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Income attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense Income (loss) before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (75.5 ) $ 19.9 $ 5.9 $ 9.1 $ (40.6 ) $ 113.8 $ 73.2 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 27.7 — 1.4 — 29.1 — 29.1 Restructuring and other charges 16.5 — 0.2 — 16.7 — 16.7 Direct Covid 19 expenses 0.7 — (0.7 ) — — — — Purchase price accounting adjustment 0.1 — (0.1 ) — — — — Valuation allowance 3.1 — (3.1 ) — — — — Adjusted financial measures $ (27.4 ) $ 19.9 $ 3.6 $ 9.1 $ 5.2 $ 113.8 $ 119.0 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (0.17 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.06 )Exhibit 7TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Year Ended December 31  2021 Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Loss attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense and loss on early extinguishment of debt Income before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ 87.8 $ (0.8 ) $ 111.1 $ 205.2 $ 403.3 $ 385.4 $ 788.7 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges* 85.8 — — — 85.8 — 85.8 Restructuring and other charges 27.3 — 0.8 — 28.1 — 28.1 Income from investment in Technip Energies (322.2 ) — — — (322.2 ) — (322.2 ) Adjusted financial measures $ (121.3 ) $ (0.8 ) $ 111.9 $ 205.2 $ 195.0 $ 385.4 $ 580.4 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ 0.19 Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.27 )*Includes $36.7 million impairment relating to our equity method investment.Year Ended December 31  2020 Loss from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc Income attributable to non-controlling interests from continuing operations Provision for income taxes Net interest expense Loss before net interest expense and income taxes (Operating profit) Depreciation and amortization Earnings before net interest expense  income taxes  depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (3 552.6 ) $ 34.5 $ 19.4 $ 81.8 $ (3 416.9 ) $ 412.1 $ (3 004.8 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 3 260.4 — 13.4 — 3 273.8 — 3 273.8 Restructuring and other charges 65.4 — 5.0 — 70.4 — 70.4 Direct Covid-19 expenses 51.6 — 6.2 — 57.8 — 57.8 Purchase price accounting adjustment 6.6 — 1.9 — 8.5 (8.5 ) — Adjusted financial measures $ (168.6 ) $ 34.5 $ 45.9 $ 81.8 $ (6.4 ) $ 403.6 $ 397.2 Diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc  as reported $ (7.92 ) Adjusted diluted loss per share from continuing operations attributable to TechnipFMC plc $ (0.38 )Exhibit 8TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  2021 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net and Other Total Revenue $ 1 236.2 $ 287.1 $ — $ — $ 1 523.3 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) $ 8.5 $ 8.8 $ (29.7 ) $ (25.0 ) $ (37.4 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 26.6 1.6 — — 28.2 Restructuring and other charges 9.8 2.2 2.2 — 14.2 Loss from investment in Technip Energies — — — 29.6 29.6 Subtotal 36.4 3.8 2.2 29.6 72.0 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 44.9 12.6 (27.5 ) 4.6 34.6 Depreciation and amortization 78.7 16.3 0.7 — 95.7 Adjusted EBITDA $ 123.6 $ 28.9 $ (26.8 ) $ 4.6 $ 130.3 Operating profit margin  as reported 0.7 % 3.1 % -2.5 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 3.6 % 4.4 % 2.3 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.0 % 10.1 % 8.6 %Three Months Ended September 30  2021 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net and Other Total Revenue $ 1 312.1 $ 267.3 $ — $ — $ 1 579.4 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) $ 23.5 $ 12.1 $ (29.3 ) $ 22.3 $ 28.6 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges* 38.0 — — — 38.0 Restructuring and other charges 5.6 — 0.4 — 6.0 Income from investment in Technip Energies — — — (28.5 ) (28.5 ) Subtotal 43.6 — 0.4 (28.5 ) 15.5 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 67.1 12.1 (28.9 ) (6.2 ) 44.1 Depreciation and amortization 79.4 16.3 0.8 — 96.5 Adjusted EBITDA $ 146.5 $ 28.4 $ (28.1 ) $ (6.2 ) $ 140.6 Operating profit margin  as reported 1.8 % 4.5 % 1.8 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 5.1 % 4.5 % 2.8 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 11.2 % 10.6 % 8.9 %*Includes $36.7 million impairment relating to our equity method investment.Exhibit 8TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  2020 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net Total Revenue $ 1 338.0 $ 262.3 $ — $ — $ 1 600.3 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) (9.5 ) 15.1 (59.8 ) 13.6 $ (40.6 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 27.9 1.2 — — 29.1 Restructuring and other charges 16.8 (0.8 ) 0.7 — 16.7 Subtotal 44.7 0.4 0.7 — 45.8 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 35.2 15.5 (59.1 ) 13.6 5.2 Depreciation and amortization 81.3 15.4 17.1 — 113.8 Adjusted EBITDA $ 116.5 $ 30.9 $ (42.0 ) $ 13.6 $ 119.0 Operating profit margin  as reported -0.7 % 5.8 % -2.5 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 2.6 % 5.9 % 0.3 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 8.7 % 11.8 % 7.4 %Exhibit 9TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Year Ended December 31  2021 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net and Other Total Revenue $ 5 329.1 $ 1 074.4 $ — $ — $ 6 403.5 Operating profit (loss)  as reported (pre-tax) $ 141.4 $ 42.0 $ (118.1 ) $ 338.0 $ 403.3 Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges* 80.9 1.9 3.0 — 85.8 Restructuring and other charges 19.8 5.7 2.6 — 28.1 Income from investment in Technip Energies — — — (322.2 ) (322.2 ) Subtotal 100.7 7.6 5.6 (322.2 ) (208.3 ) Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 242.1 49.6 (112.5 ) 15.8 195.0 Depreciation and amortization 317.2 64.8 3.4 — 385.4 Adjusted EBITDA $ 559.3 $ 114.4 $ (109.1 ) $ 15.8 $ 580.4 Operating profit margin  as reported 2.7 % 3.9 % 6.3 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 4.5 % 4.6 % 3.0 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 10.5 % 10.6 % 9.1 %*Includes $36.7 million impairment relating to our equity method investment.Year Ended December 31  2020 Subsea Surface Technologies Corporate Expense Foreign Exchange  net Total Revenue $ 5 471.4 $ 1 059.2 $ — $ — $ 6 530.6 Operating loss  as reported (pre-tax) $ (2 815.5 ) $ (429.3 ) $ (131.9 ) $ (40.2 ) $ (3 416.9 ) Charges and (credits): Impairment and other charges 2 854.5 419.3 — — 3 273.8 Restructuring and other charges 52.9 13.2 4.3 — 70.4 Direct COVID - 19 expenses 50.1 7.7 — — 57.8 Purchase price accounting adjustments 8.5 — — — 8.5 Subtotal 2 966.0 440.2 4.3 — 3 410.5 Adjusted Operating profit (loss) 150.5 10.9 (127.6 ) (40.2 ) (6.4 ) Adjusted Depreciation and amortization 316.4 70.1 17.1 — 403.6 Adjusted EBITDA $ 466.9 $ 81.0 $ (110.5 ) $ (40.2 ) $ 397.2 Operating profit margin  as reported -51.5 % -40.5 % -52.3 % Adjusted Operating profit margin 2.8 % 1.0 % -0.1 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 8.5 % 7.6 % 6.1 %Exhibit 10TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)December 31 2021 September 30 2021 December 31 2020 Cash and cash equivalents $ 1 327.4 $ 1 034.0 $ 1 269.2 Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt (277.6 ) (282.2 ) (624.7 ) Long-term debt  less current portion (1 727.3 ) (1 973.6 ) (2 835.5 ) Net debt $ (677.5 ) $ (1 221.8 ) $ (2 191.0 )Net (debt) cash  is a non-GAAP financial measure reflecting cash and cash equivalents  net of debt. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our capital structure and financial leverage. We believe net debt  or net cash  is a meaningful financial measure that may assist investors in understanding our financial condition and recognizing underlying trends in our capital structure. Net (debt) cash should not be considered an alternative to  or more meaningful than  cash and cash equivalents as determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP or as an indicator of our operating performance or liquidity.Exhibit 11TECHNIPFMC PLC AND CONSOLIDATED SUBSIDIARIESRECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES(In millions  unaudited)Three Months Ended December 31  Year Ended December 31  2021 2021 2020 Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations $ 483.5 715.0 772.4 Capital expenditures (60.5 ) (191.7 ) (256.1 ) Free cash flow from continuing operations $ 423.0 $ 523.3 $ 516.3Free cash flow (deficit) from continuing operations  is a non-GAAP financial measure and is defined as cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Management uses this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our financial condition. We believe from continuing operations  free cash flow (deficit) from continuing operations is a meaningful financial measure that may assist investors in understanding our financial condition and results of operations.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.53,0.12,0.35,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2021 Results', 'TechnipFMC', 'Abu Dhabi National Oil Company', 'U.S. GAAP', 'foreign exchange gain', '300 basis point improvement', 'Free cash flow', 'GAAP financial measures', 'robust front-end activity', 'Total Company revenue', 'Summary Financial Results', 'Subsea Opportunity list', 'full-year inbound orders', 'fourth quarter 2021 results', 'Full-year adjusted EBITDA', 'Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'financial schedules', 'Year Revenue', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Continuing Operations', 'Three Months', 'tax charges', 'other charges', 'equity investment', 'Technip Energies', 'early extinguishment', 'Full Year', 'Twelve Months', 'breakout year', 'prior year', 'multi-year upcycle', 'energy demand', 'activity growth', 'continued strength', 'Surface Technologies', 'North America', 'surface business', 'multi-year contract', 'associated services', 'South America', 'geographic expansion', 'record level', 'early engageme', 'Middle East', 'Diluted earnings', 'Doug Pferdehirt', 'largest opportunities', 'net debt', 'impressive 33 percent', 'TechnipFMC plc', 'share amounts', 'Adjusted income', '8.6 percent', '9.1 percent', '70 percent', 'NEWCASTLE', 'HOUSTON', 'NYSE', 'FTI', 'Reconciliation', 'millions', 'Dec.', 'Sep.', 'Sequential', 'loss', 'Backlog', 'credits', 'expense', 'Exhibit', 'Impairment', 'Restructuring', 'Chair', 'CEO', 'leadership', 'award', 'wellheads', 'trees', 'Brazil', 'Guyana', 'adoption', 'iEPCI™', 'visibility', 'decade', 'part', '120']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,businesswire.com
198,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/sdrl--seadrill-announces-emergence-from-chapter-11-301488254.html,SDRL - Seadrill Announces Emergence from Chapter 11,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill 2021 Limited ("" Seadrill "" or the "" Company "") announced today (the "" Effective Date "") that it has emerged from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the "" Plan "").Holders of existing shares (the "" Existing Shares "") in the Company's predecessor  Seadrill Limited  were reduced to 0.25% of their existing holdings  while the Company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring.Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  commented: ""Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet.Approximately 50 million New Common Shares were issued as of the Effective Date and remain outstanding.Subject to certain approvals  we expect that trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will commence in the second quarter of 2022.","HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill 2021 Limited ("" Seadrill "" or the "" Company "") announced today (the "" Effective Date "") that it has emerged from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the "" Plan ""). The Plan was confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on October 26  2021.The restructuring significantly delevered the Company's balance sheet by equitizing approximately $4.9 billion of secured bank debt previously held across twelve silos  resulting in a streamlined capital structure with a single collateral silo. The Company also raised $350 million in new financing pursuant to the Plan. Holders of existing shares (the "" Existing Shares "") in the Company's predecessor  Seadrill Limited  were reduced to 0.25% of their existing holdings  while the Company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring. The Company's streamlined capital structure and the substantial liquidity raised pursuant to the Plan provide the Company with secure footing to pursue opportunities in the offshore drilling industry and grow value for its stakeholders.Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  commented: ""Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet. I am grateful to all our employees  customers  partners  suppliers  creditors and shareholders for their support through this long process.""Our restructured balance sheet provides us greater liquidity and lower debt leverage. With this firm financial footing established and market recovery well underway  Seadrill will focus on disciplined capital investment  cost containment  and contract risk management to maintain its position as a leader in the reshaping of the industry.""The figures presented below highlight key financial metrics as of the Effective Date:Total cash of 486m   inclusive of $151m of restricted cash  inclusive of of restricted cash $300 million of first-lien new-money debt  comprised of a $175 million term loan facility and an undrawn $125 million revolving credit facilityof first-lien new-money debt  comprised of a term loan facility and an undrawn revolving credit facility $683 million of second-lien takeback debtof second-lien takeback debt $50 million of unsecured convertible bondsof unsecured convertible bonds Common shares issued of approximately 50 million as described further below.Issuance  Listing and Trading of New Common StockSubject to certain approvals  the Company intends to have the New Common Shares listed on the Euronext Expand market in Oslo ("" Euronext Expand "") with a subsequent uplisting to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange (the "" OSE "") and the New York Stock Exchange (the "" NYSE "").Approximately 50 million New Common Shares were issued as of the Effective Date and remain outstanding. The New Common Shares are allocated as set forth below  in accordance with provisions of the Plan:83.00% of the New Common Shares issued to holders of credit agreement claims against the Company and certain of its Chapter 11 debtor affiliates;16.75% of the New Common Shares issued to rights offering participants and backstop parties under the Plan; and0.25% of the New Common Shares issued to holders of Existing Shares in the Company's predecessor.Subject to certain approvals  we expect that trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will commence in the second quarter of 2022. Further details in respect of the New Common Shares will be set out in a listing prospectus which will be approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and published prior to listing at Euronext Expand.The New Common Shares will be issued under CUSIP G7997W102 / ISIN BMG7997W1029  provided that a portion of the New Common Shares will be issued under Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 with CUSIP G7997W110 / ISIN BMG7997W1102. The New Common Shares issued under Regulation S will be subject to certain restrictions on resale into the United States  during a distribution compliance period as set forth in Regulation S. Because the Company will continue to use the ticker symbol ""SDRL"" for trading Existing Shares  brokers  dealers and agents effecting trades in the Existing Shares on the OSE or OTC Pink markets  and persons who expect to receive New Common Shares or effect trades in New Common Shares  should take note of the anticipated cancellation of the Existing Shares and issuance of New Common Shares  and the different CUSIP numbers and ISINs signifying the Existing Shares and the New Common Shares  in trading or taking any other actions in respect of shares of the Company that trade under the ticker symbol ""SDRL"".Any questions regarding these distributions should be directed to the Company's claims and noticing agent  Prime Clerk  on the numbers provided below.Fresh Start Reporting and Accounting PoliciesOn the Effective Date  the Company adopted fresh-start reporting. Under fresh-start reporting  the Company's assets and liabilities are re-measured using fair value accounting principles. Estimates of fair value adopted under fresh-start reporting represent the Company's best current estimates based upon appraisals and valuations. These accounting changes will be reported in the Company's earnings report for the quarter ended March 31  2022. The Company's earnings report for the period to December 31  2021  which has been published concurrently with this release  covers a period prior to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy and therefore does not reflect fresh-start reporting.New Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the Plan  a newly constituted Board of Directors of the Company was appointed today  consisting of Julie Johnson Robertson (Chair of the Board)  Mark McCollum (Chair of Audit Committee)  Karen Dyrskjot Boesen  Jean Cahuzac  Jan B Kjærvik  Andrew Schultz  and Paul Smith.Julie Robertson  Chair of the Board  commented: ""I am pleased to have been selected to chair the new Board of Directors who collectively bring commercial  operational and financial expertise to guide Seadrill as it takes its place in reshaping the offshore drilling sector. The road to emergence from Chapter 11 has been a long one and I would like to take this opportunity to thank the outgoing board members for their diligent guidance through this process and to thank the management team and the employees for maintaining safety leadership and operational excellence through challenging times.""The Company was principally advised by Kirkland & Ellis LLP  Slaughter and May  Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS  Jackson Walker LLP  Conyers Dill & Pearman Pte Ltd  Houlihan Lokey Capital  Inc.  and Alvarez & Marsal North America  LLP.About SeadrillSeadrill is a leading offshore drilling contractor utilizing advanced technology to unlock oil and gas resources for clients across harsh and benign locations across the globe. Seadrill's high quality  technologically advanced fleet spans all asset classes allowing its experienced crews to conduct its operations from shallow to ultra-deep-water environments. The Company owns and/or operates 35 rigs  which includes drillships  jack-ups and semi-submersibles.For more information  visit https://www.seadrill.com/.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward-looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business  the markets in which it operates and its restructuring efforts. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No. 333-224459). The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward-looking statement.This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.CONTACT:[email protected]020 3745 4960Prime ClerkUS Toll Free: 844-858-8891International Toll Free: 312-667-1347Email: [email protected]This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comSOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.16,0.3,True,English,"['SDRL', 'Seadrill', 'Emergence', 'Chapter', 'undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility', 'unsecured convertible bonds Common shares', 'undrawn revolving credit facility', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', '$175 million term loan facility', 'U.S. Bankruptcy Court', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', '50 million New Common Shares', 'The New Common Shares', 'New Common Stock', 'key financial metrics', 'credit agreement claims', 'single collateral silo', 'contract risk management', 'distribution compliance period', 'OTC Pink markets', 'lower debt leverage', 'firm financial footing', 'first-lien new-money debt', 'second-lien takeback debt', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'ordinary trade claims', 'disciplined capital investment', 'Fresh Start Reporting', 'offshore drilling industry', 'Chapter 11 debtor affiliates', 'different CUSIP numbers', 'Euronext Expand market', 'new financing', 'existing shares', 'bank debt', 'Regulation S', 'secure footing', 'capital structure', 'The Company', 'market recovery', 'main market', 'CUSIP G7997W102', 'CUSIP G7997W110', 'fresh-start reporting', 'Effective Date', 'Southern District', 'balance sheet', 'twelve silos', 'existing holdings', 'substantial liquidity', 'Stuart Jackson', 'long process', 'greater liquidity', 'cost containment', 'Total cash', 'restricted cash', 'subsequent uplisting', 'backstop parties', 'second quarter', 'Further details', 'United States', 'ticker symbol', 'other actions', 'noticing agent', 'Prime Clerk', 'Accounting Policies', 'ISIN BMG7997W110', 'listing prospectus', 'Chapter 11 plan', 'Seadrill Limited', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'reorganization', 'Texas', 'October', 'restructuring', 'streamlined', 'Holders', 'predecessor', 'employee', 'customer', 'opportunities', 'value', 'CEO', 'emergence', 'realignment', 'partners', 'suppliers', 'creditors', 'support', 'position', 'leader', 'reshaping', 'figures', 'Issuance', 'Trading', 'approvals', 'OSE', 'NYSE', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'rights', 'participants', 'respect', 'portion', 'restrictions', 'resale', 'SDRL', 'brokers', 'dealers', 'agents', 'trades', 'persons', 'note', 'cancellation', 'ISINs', 'questions', 'distributions', 'assets', 'liabilities']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
199,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rigzone.com/news/after_more_then_a_year_of_restructuring_seadrill_clears_chapter_11-23-feb-2022-168021-article/,After More Then A Year Of Restructuring Seadrill Clears Chapter 11,Seadrill Limited has emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy following more than a year of restructuring.Offshore driller Seadrill Limited has emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy following more than a year of restructuring.Seadrill filed for Chapter 11 in February 2021  its second bankruptcy filing in four years.“Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet.Following the exit from Chapter 11  the company has total cash of $486 million  inclusive of $151 million of restricted cash.,"Seadrill Limited has emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy following more than a year of restructuring.Offshore driller Seadrill Limited has emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy following more than a year of restructuring.Seadrill filed for Chapter 11 in February 2021  its second bankruptcy filing in four years. Seadrill later made a plan of reorganization with its lenders in July 2021  received court approval for the plan two months later  and received confirmation of the plan by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas in late October 2021.The most recent development occurred earlier this week when Seadrill 2021 Limited announced it would be emerging from Chapter 11 this month – ‘likely before the end of the present week’. The company delivered on its promise as it emerged from bankruptcy protection just a day after that statement as it completed reorganization under its plan.According to Seadrill  the restructuring significantly delevered the company's balance sheet by equitizing approximately $4.9 billion of secured bank debt previously held across twelve silos  resulting in a streamlined capital structure with a single collateral silo.The offshore driller also raised $350 million in new financing under the plan. Holders of existing shares in the company's predecessor Seadrill Limited were reduced to 0.25 percent of their existing holdings  while the company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring.Seadrill’s streamlined capital structure and the substantial liquidity raised according to the plan provide the company with a secure footing to pursue opportunities in the offshore drilling industry and grow value for its stakeholders.“Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet. I am grateful to all our employees  customers  partners  suppliers  creditors  and shareholders for their support through this long process ” Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  said.""Our restructured balance sheet provides us greater liquidity and lower debt leverage. With this firm financial footing established and market recovery well underway  Seadrill will focus on disciplined capital investment  cost containment  and contract risk management to maintain its position as a leader in the reshaping of the industry "" Jackson added.Following the exit from Chapter 11  the company has total cash of $486 million  inclusive of $151 million of restricted cash. The driller also has $300 million of first-lien new-money debt  comprised of a $175 million term loan facility and an undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility. Furthermore  the Bermuda-based firm has $683 million of second-lien takeback debt  $50 million of unsecured convertible bonds  and common shares issued of $50 million as described further below.Subject to certain approvals  the company also wants to have the New Common Shares listed on the Euronext Expand market in Oslo with a subsequent uplisting to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange and the NYSE. Trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will begin in the second quarter of 2022.Seadrill also chose a new board of directors of the company and the appointments are now effective. The board consists of Julie Johnson Robertson as the chair of the Board  Mark McCollum  Karen Dyrskjot Boesen  Jean Cahuzac  Jan B Kjærvik  Andrew Schultz  and Paul Smith.“I am pleased to have been selected to chair the new board of directors who collectively bring commercial  operational  and financial expertise to guide Seadrill as it takes its place in reshaping the offshore drilling sector ” Julie Robertson  Chair of the Board  said.“The road to emergence from Chapter 11 has been a long one and I would like to take this opportunity to thank the outgoing board members for their diligent guidance through this process and to thank the management team and the employees for maintaining safety leadership and operational excellence through challenging times ” she added.To contact the author  email bojan.lepic@rigzone.com",neutral,0.03,0.85,0.12,mixed,0.3,0.11,0.59,True,English,"['Year', 'Restructuring', 'Seadrill', 'Chapter', 'undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility', '$175 million term loan facility', 'Jan B Kjærvik', 'U.S. Bankruptcy Court', 'single collateral silo', 'ordinary trade claims', 'unsecured convertible bonds', 'Karen Dyrskjot Boesen', 'lower debt leverage', 'first-lien new-money debt', 'second-lien takeback debt', 'contract risk management', 'offshore drilling sector', 'disciplined capital investment', 'second bankruptcy filing', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Julie Johnson Robertson', 'outgoing board members', 'New Common Shares', 'offshore drilling industry', 'firm financial footing', 'Euronext Expand market', 'predecessor Seadrill Limited', 'court approval', 'Julie Robertson', 'bank debt', 'bankruptcy protection', 'existing shares', 'secure footing', 'Bermuda-based firm', 'second quarter', 'financial expertise', 'management team', 'new financing', 'capital structure', 'market recovery', 'main market', 'Offshore driller', 'new board', 'a year', 'four years', 'Southern District', 'late October', 'recent development', 'present week', 'balance sheet', 'twelve silos', 'existing holdings', 'substantial liquidity', 'greater liquidity', 'cost containment', 'total cash', 'restricted cash', 'subsequent uplisting', 'Mark McCollum', 'Jean Cahuzac', 'Andrew Schultz', 'Paul Smith', 'long one', 'diligent guidance', 'safety leadership', 'operational excellence', 'challenging times', 'Chapter 11 bankruptcy', 'Seadrill 2021 Limited', 'long process', 'Stuart Jackson', 'restructuring', 'February', 'plan', 'reorganization', 'lenders', 'July', 'confirmation', 'Texas', 'company', 'promise', 'statement', 'streamlined', 'Holders', '0.25 percent', 'employee', 'customer', 'opportunities', 'value', 'emergence', 'realignment', 'partners', 'suppliers', 'creditors', 'support', 'CEO', 'position', 'reshaping', 'exit', 'approvals', 'NYSE', 'Trading', 'directors', 'appointments', 'chair', 'place', 'road', 'opportunity', 'author', 'bojan', 'lepic', 'rigzone']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,rigzone.com
200,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.streamingmedia.com/PressRelease/Magewell-Partners-with-Barco-to-Enhance-Wireless-Conferencing-Experiences_53545.aspx,Magewell Partners with Barco to Enhance Wireless Conferencing Experiences,Barco’s ClickShare Conference combines remote communication with easy-to-use  agnostic wireless collaboration to enable revolutionary conferencing experiences in any meeting space.Magewell’s USB Capture Gen 2 has been successfully tested for compatibility with the ClickShare CX-20  ClickShare CX-30 and ClickShare CX-50.“Combining our USB capture devices with ClickShare Conference lets users take advantage of these AV sources while enjoying the benefits of wireless  hybrid meeting experiences.About Barco -- Barco is a global technology leader that develops networked visualization solutions for the entertainment  enterprise and healthcare markets.(Euronext: BAR; Reuters: BARBt.BR; Bloomberg: BAR BB)For more information  visit us on www.barco.com  follow us on Twitter (@Barco)  LinkedIn (Barco)  YouTube (BarcoTV)  or like us on Facebook (Barco).,Magewell Partners with Barco to Enhance Wireless Conferencing ExperiencesMagewell’s plug-and-play USB Capture devices enable non-USB AV equipment such as professional cameras to be used seamlessly with ClickShare ConferenceNanjing  China( )Magewell -- an award-winning developer of innovative video interface and IP workflow solutions -- has joined Barco’s ClickShare Alliance Program. The new partnership with the global leader in professional meeting room visualization and collaboration solutions ensures that Magewell’s popular USB Capture Gen 2 HDMI-to-USB and SDI-to-USB capture devices are fully compatible with Barco’s ClickShare Conference wireless conferencing portfolio.Magewell’s plug-and-play USB Capture Gen 2 devices let users easily and reliably bring HDMI or SDI video signals into Zoom®  Skype®  Teams®  GoToMeeting® and other popular conferencing software. Barco’s ClickShare Conference combines remote communication with easy-to-use  agnostic wireless collaboration to enable revolutionary conferencing experiences in any meeting space. ClickShare Conference wirelessly connects to the USB audio-video peripherals in the room to create better hybrid meetings without cumbersome cables.Verified compatibility with Magewell USB Capture Gen 2 devices enables HDMI or SDI video sources such as professional cameras to be used seamlessly with ClickShare Conference. Users can now integrate higher-end cameras into their wireless conferences for improved visual quality and creative flexibility  or incorporate other non-USB video sources such as DVD players  document cameras  or additional computers.Magewell’s USB Capture Gen 2 has been successfully tested for compatibility with the ClickShare CX-20  ClickShare CX-30 and ClickShare CX-50. The Magewell devices can be powered directly from the ClickShare Base Unit  with no additional power source needed. By enabling the Magewell devices to connect wirelessly to the host computer  ClickShare Conference also frees them from the length limitations of USB cables while enabling them to be placed more discretely and conveniently.“Many customers already have significant investments in AV equipment that does not support USB connectivity  while others want the superior quality and deeper image control that professional cameras may provide ” said Nick Ma  CEO and CTO at Magewell. “Combining our USB capture devices with ClickShare Conference lets users take advantage of these AV sources while enjoying the benefits of wireless  hybrid meeting experiences. Partnering with Barco as part of the ClickShare Alliance lets integrators  resellers  and end-users choose our joint solution with confidence.”“Magewell’s USB Capture devices expand the ecosystem of high-quality video and audio sources that customers can use with ClickShare Conference ” said Lieven Bertier  Segment Marketing Director Workplace at Barco. “The ClickShare Alliance Program is all about giving customers the confidence of proven compatibility in their hybrid meetings. Our partnership with Magewell aligns perfectly with this mission  as it goes beyond just ensuring compatibility with the Magewell products themselves -- it also enables compatibility with a vast array of HDMI and SDI sources. We’re thrilled to welcome them to the program.”To learn more about the joint solution  please visit www.magewell.com/s/barco-alliance. For more information about Magewell  please visit www.magewell.com. To learn more about Barco  please visit www.barco.com/clickshare.About Magewell -- Founded in 2011  Magewell (www.magewell.com) designs and develops hardware and software for video and audio capture  conversion  and streaming. With guiding principles of continuous innovation and providing outstanding customer service  Magewell has earned a strong reputation for the exceptional quality  performance  and reliability of its solutions. Distributed globally  Magewell products are used in professional video applications including live event streaming  broadcast  medical imaging  lecture capture  surveillance  video conferencing  gaming and more.About Barco -- Barco is a global technology leader that develops networked visualization solutions for the entertainment  enterprise and healthcare markets. Our solutions make a visible impact  allowing people to enjoy compelling entertainment experiences; to foster knowledge sharing and smart decision-making in organizations and to help hospitals provide their patients with the best possible healthcare.Headquartered in Kortrijk (Belgium)  Barco realized sales of 804 million euro in 2021 and has a global team of 3 000+ employees  whose passion for technology is captured in +500 granted patents. Barco has been listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange since 1985. (Euronext: BAR; Reuters: BARBt.BR; Bloomberg: BAR BB)For more information  visit us on www.barco.com  follow us on Twitter (@Barco)  LinkedIn (Barco)  YouTube (BarcoTV)  or like us on Facebook (Barco).,neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,mixed,0.71,0.17,0.12,True,English,"['Wireless Conferencing Experiences', 'Magewell Partners', 'Barco', 'ClickShare Conference wireless conferencing portfolio', 'Segment Marketing Director Workplace', 'Magewell USB Capture Gen 2 devices', 'popular USB Capture Gen', 'other popular conferencing software', 'other non-USB video sources', 'wireless, hybrid meeting experiences', 'professional meeting room visualization', 'The ClickShare Alliance Program', 'Wireless Conferencing Experiences', 'revolutionary conferencing experiences', 'USB Capture devices', 'USB audio-video peripherals', 'deeper image control', 'outstanding customer service', 'Brussels Stock Exchange', 'agnostic wireless collaboration', 'innovative video interface', 'additional power source', 'networked visualization solutions', 'best possible healthcare', 'ClickShare Base Unit', 'non-USB AV equipment', 'compelling entertainment experiences', 'The Magewell devices', 'professional video applications', 'IP workflow solutions', 'live event streaming', 'SDI video signals', 'SDI video sources', 'global technology leader', 'video conferencing', 'wireless conferences', 'meeting space', 'audio capture', 'lecture capture', 'USB cables', 'USB connectivity', 'AV sources', 'SDI sources', 'global leader', 'hybrid meetings', 'high-quality video', 'professional cameras', 'audio sources', 'collaboration solutions', 'additional computers', 'healthcare markets', 'ClickShare CX', 'global team', 'award-winning developer', 'remote communication', 'cumbersome cables', 'higher-end cameras', 'visual quality', 'creative flexibility', 'DVD players', 'document cameras', 'host computer', 'length limitations', 'significant investments', 'superior quality', 'Nick Ma', 'joint solution', 'Lieven Bertier', 'vast array', 'guiding principles', 'continuous innovation', 'strong reputation', 'exceptional quality', 'medical imaging', 'visible impact', 'knowledge sharing', 'smart decision-making', '3,000+ employees', 'BARBt.BR', 'BAR BB', 'new partnership', 'Magewell Partners', 'Magewell products', 'Verified compatibility', 'proven compatibility', 'Many customers', 'Barco', 'Nanjing', 'China', 'users', 'HDMI', 'Zoom®', 'Skype®', 'Teams®', 'GoToMeeting®', 'easy', 'others', 'CEO', 'advantage', 'benefits', 'integrators', 'resellers', 'confidence', 'ecosystem', 'mission', 'information', 'hardware', 'conversion', 'performance', 'reliability', 'broadcast', 'surveillance', 'gaming', 'enterprise', 'people', 'organizations', 'hospitals', 'patients', 'Kortrijk', 'Belgium', 'sales', 'passion', 'patents', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Facebook']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,streamingmedia.com
201,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/magewell-partners-with-barco-to-enhance-wireless-conferencing-experiences-301487948.html,Magewell Partners with Barco to Enhance Wireless Conferencing Experiences,"Barco's ClickShare Conference combines remote communication with easy-to-use  agnostic wireless collaboration to enable revolutionary conferencing experiences in any meeting space.Magewell's USB Capture Gen 2 has been successfully tested for compatibility with the ClickShare CX-20  ClickShare CX-30 and ClickShare CX-50.""Combining our USB capture devices with ClickShare Conference lets users take advantage of these AV sources while enjoying the benefits of wireless  hybrid meeting experiences.About Barco – Barco is a global technology leader that develops networked visualization solutions for the entertainment  enterprise and healthcare markets.(Euronext: BAR; Reuters: BARBt.BR; Bloomberg: BAR BB)For more information  visit us on www.barco.com  follow us on Twitter (@Barco)  LinkedIn (Barco)  YouTube (BarcoTV)  or like us on Facebook (Barco).","Magewell's plug-and-play USB Capture Gen 2 devices let users easily and reliably bring HDMI or SDI video signals into Zoom ®   Skype ®   Teams ®   GoToMeeting ® and other popular conferencing software. Barco's ClickShare Conference combines remote communication with easy-to-use  agnostic wireless collaboration to enable revolutionary conferencing experiences in any meeting space. ClickShare Conference wirelessly connects to the USB audio-video peripherals in the room to create better hybrid meetings without cumbersome cables.Verified compatibility with Magewell USB Capture Gen 2 devices enables HDMI or SDI video sources such as professional cameras to be used seamlessly with ClickShare Conference. Users can now integrate higher-end cameras into their wireless conferences for improved visual quality and creative flexibility  or incorporate other non-USB video sources such as DVD players  document cameras  or additional computers.Magewell's USB Capture Gen 2 has been successfully tested for compatibility with the ClickShare CX-20  ClickShare CX-30 and ClickShare CX-50. The Magewell devices can be powered directly from the ClickShare Base Unit  with no additional power source needed. By enabling the Magewell devices to connect wirelessly to the host computer  ClickShare Conference also frees them from the length limitations of USB cables while enabling them to be placed more discretely and conveniently.""Many customers already have significant investments in AV equipment that does not support USB connectivity  while others want the superior quality and deeper image control that professional cameras may provide "" said Nick Ma  CEO and CTO at Magewell. ""Combining our USB capture devices with ClickShare Conference lets users take advantage of these AV sources while enjoying the benefits of wireless  hybrid meeting experiences. Partnering with Barco as part of the ClickShare Alliance lets integrators  resellers  and end-users choose our joint solution with confidence.""""Magewell's USB Capture devices expand the ecosystem of high-quality video and audio sources that customers can use with ClickShare Conference "" said Lieven Bertier  Segment Marketing Director Workplace at Barco. ""The ClickShare Alliance Program is all about giving customers the confidence of proven compatibility in their hybrid meetings. Our partnership with Magewell aligns perfectly with this mission  as it goes beyond just ensuring compatibility with the Magewell products themselves – it also enables compatibility with a vast array of HDMI and SDI sources. We're thrilled to welcome them to the program.""To learn more about the joint solution  please visit www.magewell.com/s/barco-alliance. For more information about Magewell  please visit www.magewell.com. To learn more about Barco  please visit www.barco.com/clickshare.About Magewell – Founded in 2011  Magewell (www.magewell.com) designs and develops hardware and software for video and audio capture  conversion  and streaming. With guiding principles of continuous innovation and providing outstanding customer service  Magewell has earned a strong reputation for the exceptional quality  performance  and reliability of its solutions. Distributed globally  Magewell products are used in professional video applications including live event streaming  broadcast  medical imaging  lecture capture  surveillance  video conferencing  gaming and more.About Barco – Barco is a global technology leader that develops networked visualization solutions for the entertainment  enterprise and healthcare markets. Our solutions make a visible impact  allowing people to enjoy compelling entertainment experiences; to foster knowledge sharing and smart decision-making in organizations and to help hospitals provide their patients with the best possible healthcare.Headquartered in Kortrijk (Belgium)  Barco realized sales of 804 million euro in 2021 and has a global team of 3 000+ employees  whose passion for technology is captured in +500 granted patents. Barco has been listed on the Brussels Stock Exchange since 1985. (Euronext: BAR; Reuters: BARBt.BR; Bloomberg: BAR BB)For more information  visit us on www.barco.com  follow us on Twitter (@Barco)  LinkedIn (Barco)  YouTube (BarcoTV)  or like us on Facebook (Barco). © Copyright 2021 by BarcoSOURCE Magewell",neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,mixed,0.69,0.21,0.1,True,English,"['Wireless Conferencing Experiences', 'Magewell Partners', 'Barco', 'Segment Marketing Director Workplace', 'Magewell USB Capture Gen 2 devices', 'other popular conferencing software', 'other non-USB video sources', 'wireless, hybrid meeting experiences', 'The ClickShare Alliance Program', 'USB capture devices', 'revolutionary conferencing experiences', 'USB audio-video peripherals', 'agnostic wireless collaboration', 'deeper image control', 'outstanding customer service', 'Brussels Stock Exchange', 'best possible healthcare', 'The Magewell devices', 'compelling entertainment experiences', 'ClickShare Base Unit', 'SDI video signals', 'additional power source', 'live event streaming', 'professional video applications', 'SDI video sources', 'networked visualization solutions', 'global technology leader', 'video conferencing', 'SDI sources', 'audio capture', 'lecture capture', 'USB cables', 'USB connectivity', 'meeting space', 'wireless conferences', 'hybrid meetings', 'AV sources', 'audio sources', 'high-quality video', 'additional computers', 'healthcare markets', 'global team', 'professional cameras', 'ClickShare Conference', 'ClickShare CX', 'SOURCE Magewell', 'remote communication', 'cumbersome cables', 'higher-end cameras', 'visual quality', 'creative flexibility', 'DVD players', 'document cameras', 'host computer', 'length limitations', 'significant investments', 'AV equipment', 'superior quality', 'Nick Ma', 'joint solution', 'Lieven Bertier', 'vast array', 'guiding principles', 'continuous innovation', 'strong reputation', 'exceptional quality', 'medical imaging', 'visible impact', 'knowledge sharing', 'smart decision-making', '3,000+ employees', 'BAR BB', 'Magewell products', 'Verified compatibility', 'proven compatibility', 'Many customers', 'users', 'HDMI', 'Zoom ®', 'Skype', 'Teams', 'GoToMeeting', 'Barco', 'easy', 'room', 'others', 'CEO', 'advantage', 'benefits', 'part', 'integrators', 'resellers', 'confidence', 'ecosystem', 'mission', 'information', 'hardware', 'conversion', 'performance', 'reliability', 'broadcast', 'surveillance', 'gaming', 'enterprise', 'people', 'organizations', 'hospitals', 'patients', 'Kortrijk', 'Belgium', 'sales', 'passion', 'patents', 'Euronext', 'Reuters', 'BARBt', 'Bloomberg', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Facebook', 'Copyright', '804']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
202,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pokerstars-announces-ept-monte-carlo-and-the-return-of-regional-tours-301488687.html,POKERSTARS ANNOUNCES EPT MONTE-CARLO AND THE RETURN OF REGIONAL TOURS,"ONCHAN  Isle of Man  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- PokerStars has today announced the dates for player favourite PokerStars and Monte-Carlo© Casino European Poker Tour running from April 28– 7 May  as well as details of the return of regional tours.To view the Multimedia News Release  please click:https://www.multivu.com/players/uk/9018151-pokerstars-announces-ept-monte-carlo-and-the-return-of-regional-tours/The PokerStars community has been awaiting the return of more live events  and PokerStars' ambition for 2022 is to provide players with the best experiences possible  whilst keeping health and safety a top priority.REGIONAL TOURS RETURNPlayers from around the world will also have something to look forward to as regional tours will be making their return after a five-year hiatus  with Eureka  UKIPT  ESPT and FPS filling out the 2022 schedule.""EPT Monte-Carlo is a favourite for many  and we're pleased we can now share details for the event along with the exciting announcement that regional tours are back.""For more information on PokerStars live events please go to the PokerStars Blog.","ONCHAN  Isle of Man  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- PokerStars has today announced the dates for player favourite PokerStars and Monte-Carlo© Casino European Poker Tour running from April 28– 7 May  as well as details of the return of regional tours.To view the Multimedia News Release  please click:https://www.multivu.com/players/uk/9018151-pokerstars-announces-ept-monte-carlo-and-the-return-of-regional-tours/The PokerStars community has been awaiting the return of more live events  and PokerStars' ambition for 2022 is to provide players with the best experiences possible  whilst keeping health and safety a top priority.While players take advantage of the last online qualifiers for EPT Prague with mega satellites running for the next two weekends  guaranteeing 10 packages  from today they can also qualify for free and very little for the EPT Monte-Carlo Main Event  with daily freerolls available and feeder satellites starting from €1.10.Key events players won't want to miss:EPT Super High Roller: May 1-3 - €100 000 buy-inEPT Main Event: May 2-7 - €5 300 buy-inEPT High Roller: May 5-7 - €25 000 buy-inMuch like the upcoming EPT Prague event  PokerStars will be offering numerous extras for all players during EPT Monte-Carlo with exclusive merchandise  ambassador interaction  competitions with glamourous prizes  such as helicopter transfers and Ferrari Rides  and much  much more.More details on additional EPT stops to be revealed soon.REGIONAL TOURS RETURNPlayers from around the world will also have something to look forward to as regional tours will be making their return after a five-year hiatus  with Eureka  UKIPT  ESPT and FPS filling out the 2022 schedule. The first of the tours will kick off next month with:Eureka Prague running March 6 - 10running ESPT Madrid Gran Via running March 28 - April 3UKIPT London running April 4 -10FPS Monte-Carlo running April 28 - May 2running Eureka Rozvadov running May 20-29FPS Divonne running October 4-9FPS Aix-en-Provence running November 22-27More details on all the upcoming regional tours are available now at PokerStars Live.""EPT Monte-Carlo is a favourite for many  and we're pleased we can now share details for the event along with the exciting announcement that regional tours are back."" Said Severin Rasset  Managing Director & Commercial Officer  PokerStars. ""We understand that these are uncertain times for everyone. The health and safety of our players and staff is paramount to our plans and we'll continue to communicate openly with players as each event approaches. Live events have always been a big part of PokerStars  and we can't wait to get back to the live felt and hope to see many of our players at events soon!""For more information on PokerStars live events please go to the PokerStars Blog.Play Responsibly! For more information on responsible gaming please visit our website at http://www.pokerstars.com/about/responsible-gaming/For further information  please contact [email protected]About PokerStarsPokerStars operates the world's most popular online poker sites  serving the global poker community. Since it launched in 2001  PokerStars has become the first choice of players all over the world  with more daily tournaments than anywhere else and with the best online security. More than 200 billion hands have been dealt on PokerStars  which is more than any other site.PokerStars is ultimately owned by Flutter Entertainment. (LSE: FLTR; EURONEXT: FLTR).Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1164298/PokerStars_Logo.jpgSOURCE PokerStars",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.58,0.16,0.26,True,English,"['POKERSTARS ANNOUNCES EPT', 'REGIONAL TOURS', 'MONTE-CARLO', 'THE', 'RETURN', 'Monte-Carlo© Casino European Poker Tour', 'ESPT Madrid Gran Via', 'EPT Super High Roller', 'EPT Monte-Carlo Main Event', 'upcoming EPT Prague event', 'EPT High Roller', 'online poker sites', 'global poker community', 'EPT Main Event', 'Multimedia News Release', 'last online qualifiers', 'next two weekends', 'additional EPT stops', 'best online security', 'upcoming regional tours', 'The PokerStars community', 'Key events players', 'PokerStars live events', 'REGIONAL TOURS RETURN', 'FPS Monte-Carlo', 'best experiences', 'Eureka Prague', 'top priority', 'mega satellites', 'daily freerolls', 'feeder satellites', 'numerous extras', 'exclusive merchandise', 'ambassador interaction', 'glamourous prizes', 'helicopter transfers', 'Ferrari Rides', 'five-year hiatus', 'exciting announcement', 'Severin Rasset', 'Managing Director', 'Commercial Officer', 'uncertain times', 'big part', 'responsible gaming', 'first choice', 'daily tournaments', '200 billion hands', 'other site', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Eureka Rozvadov', 'FPS Divonne', ""PokerStars' ambition"", 'PokerStars Blog', 'SOURCE PokerStars', 'UKIPT London', 'More details', 'favourite PokerStars', 'ONCHAN', 'Isle', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'dates', 'April', '7 May', 'multivu', '18151-pokerstars', 'regional-tours', 'health', 'safety', 'advantage', '10 packages', 'today', 'competitions', 'world', 'something', '2022 schedule', 'March', 'Provence', 'everyone', 'staff', 'plans', 'information', 'website', 'responsible-gaming', 'email', 'LSE', 'FLTR', 'EURONEXT', 'Logo']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
203,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.uppermichiganssource.com/prnewswire/2022/02/24/veon-announces-worlds-first-always-on-network/,VEON Announces World's First 'Always-On' Network,Ensures Continuity of Vital Digital Financial Services During Mobile Network Closures,BARCELONA  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announced the Always-on N… [+4072 chars],neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['VEON', 'World', 'Network', 'global digital operator', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'mobile connectivity', 'VEON Ltd.', 'BARCELONA', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'services', '4072 chars']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,uppermichiganssource.com
204,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.uppermichiganssource.com/prnewswire/2022/02/23/sdrl-seadrill-announces-emergence-chapter-11/,SDRL - Seadrill Announces Emergence from Chapter 11,"HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill 2021 Limited ("" Seadrill "" or the "" Company "") announced today (the "" Effective Date "") that it has emerged from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the "" Plan "").Holders of existing shares (the "" Existing Shares "") in the Company's predecessor  Seadrill Limited  were reduced to 0.25% of their existing holdings  while the Company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring.Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  commented: ""Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet.Approximately 50 million New Common Shares were issued as of the Effective Date and remain outstanding.Subject to certain approvals  we expect that trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will commence in the second quarter of 2022.","HAMILTON  Bermuda  Feb. 23  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Seadrill 2021 Limited ("" Seadrill "" or the "" Company "") announced today (the "" Effective Date "") that it has emerged from Chapter 11 after successfully completing its reorganization pursuant to its Chapter 11 plan of reorganization (the "" Plan ""). The Plan was confirmed by the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas on October 26  2021.The restructuring significantly delevered the Company's balance sheet by equitizing approximately $4.9 billion of secured bank debt previously held across twelve silos  resulting in a streamlined capital structure with a single collateral silo. The Company also raised $350 million in new financing pursuant to the Plan. Holders of existing shares (the "" Existing Shares "") in the Company's predecessor  Seadrill Limited  were reduced to 0.25% of their existing holdings  while the Company's employee  customer  and ordinary trade claims were unaffected by the restructuring. The Company's streamlined capital structure and the substantial liquidity raised pursuant to the Plan provide the Company with secure footing to pursue opportunities in the offshore drilling industry and grow value for its stakeholders.Stuart Jackson  CEO of Seadrill  commented: ""Our emergence from Chapter 11 concludes the realignment of our balance sheet. I am grateful to all our employees  customers  partners  suppliers  creditors and shareholders for their support through this long process.""Our restructured balance sheet provides us greater liquidity and lower debt leverage. With this firm financial footing established and market recovery well underway  Seadrill will focus on disciplined capital investment  cost containment  and contract risk management to maintain its position as a leader in the reshaping of the industry.""The figures presented below highlight key financial metrics as of the Effective Date:Total cash of 486m   inclusive of $151m of restricted cash$300 million of first-lien new-money debt  comprised of a $175 million term loan facility and an undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility$683 million of second-lien takeback debt$50 million of unsecured convertible bondsCommon shares issued of approximately 50 million as described further below.Issuance  Listing and Trading of New Common StockSubject to certain approvals  the Company intends to have the New Common Shares listed on the Euronext Expand market in Oslo ("" Euronext Expand "") with a subsequent uplisting to the main market of the Oslo Stock Exchange (the "" OSE "") and the New York Stock Exchange (the "" NYSE "").Approximately 50 million New Common Shares were issued as of the Effective Date and remain outstanding. The New Common Shares are allocated as set forth below  in accordance with provisions of the Plan:83.00% of the New Common Shares issued to holders of credit agreement claims against the Company and certain of its Chapter 11 debtor affiliates;16.75% of the New Common Shares issued to rights offering participants and backstop parties under the Plan; and0.25% of the New Common Shares issued to holders of Existing Shares in the Company's predecessor.Subject to certain approvals  we expect that trading in the New Common Shares on Euronext Expand will commence in the second quarter of 2022. Further details in respect of the New Common Shares will be set out in a listing prospectus which will be approved by the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority and published prior to listing at Euronext Expand.The New Common Shares will be issued under CUSIP G7997W102 / ISIN BMG7997W1029  provided that a portion of the New Common Shares will be issued under Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 with CUSIP G7997W110 / ISIN BMG7997W1102. The New Common Shares issued under Regulation S will be subject to certain restrictions on resale into the United States  during a distribution compliance period as set forth in Regulation S. Because the Company will continue to use the ticker symbol ""SDRL"" for trading Existing Shares  brokers  dealers and agents effecting trades in the Existing Shares on the OSE or OTC Pink markets  and persons who expect to receive New Common Shares or effect trades in New Common Shares  should take note of the anticipated cancellation of the Existing Shares and issuance of New Common Shares  and the different CUSIP numbers and ISINs signifying the Existing Shares and the New Common Shares  in trading or taking any other actions in respect of shares of the Company that trade under the ticker symbol ""SDRL"".Any questions regarding these distributions should be directed to the Company's claims and noticing agent  Prime Clerk  on the numbers provided below.Fresh Start Reporting and Accounting PoliciesOn the Effective Date  the Company adopted fresh-start reporting. Under fresh-start reporting  the Company's assets and liabilities are re-measured using fair value accounting principles. Estimates of fair value adopted under fresh-start reporting represent the Company's best current estimates based upon appraisals and valuations. These accounting changes will be reported in the Company's earnings report for the quarter ended March 31  2022. The Company's earnings report for the period to December 31  2021  which has been published concurrently with this release  covers a period prior to the Company's emergence from bankruptcy and therefore does not reflect fresh-start reporting.New Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the Plan  a newly constituted Board of Directors of the Company was appointed today  consisting of Julie Johnson Robertson (Chair of the Board)  Mark McCollum (Chair of Audit Committee)  Karen Dyrskjot Boesen  Jean Cahuzac  Jan B Kjærvik  Andrew Schultz  and Paul Smith.Julie Robertson  Chair of the Board  commented: ""I am pleased to have been selected to chair the new Board of Directors who collectively bring commercial  operational and financial expertise to guide Seadrill as it takes its place in reshaping the offshore drilling sector. The road to emergence from Chapter 11 has been a long one and I would like to take this opportunity to thank the outgoing board members for their diligent guidance through this process and to thank the management team and the employees for maintaining safety leadership and operational excellence through challenging times.""The Company was principally advised by Kirkland & Ellis LLP  Slaughter and May  Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS  Jackson Walker LLP  Conyers Dill & Pearman Pte Ltd  Houlihan Lokey Capital  Inc.  and Alvarez & Marsal North America  LLP.About SeadrillSeadrill is a leading offshore drilling contractor utilizing advanced technology to unlock oil and gas resources for clients across harsh and benign locations across the globe. Seadrill's high quality  technologically advanced fleet spans all asset classes allowing its experienced crews to conduct its operations from shallow to ultra-deep-water environments. The Company owns and/or operates 35 rigs  which includes drillships  jack-ups and semi-submersibles.For more information  visit https://www.seadrill.com/.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes forward-looking statements. Such statements are generally not historical in nature  and specifically include statements about the Company's plans  strategies  business prospects  changes and trends in its business  the markets in which it operates and its restructuring efforts. These statements are made based upon management's current plans  expectations  assumptions and beliefs concerning future events impacting the Company and therefore involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this news release. Consequently  no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. When considering these forward-looking statements  you should keep in mind the risks described from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Annual Report on Form 20-F (File No. 333-224459). The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time  and it is not possible for the Company to predict all of these factors. Further  the Company cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward-looking statement.This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.CONTACT:seadrill@hawthornadvisors.com020 3745 4960Prime ClerkUS Toll Free: 844-858-8891International Toll Free: 312-667-1347Email: seadrillinfo@primeclerk.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comView original content:SOURCE Seadrill Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.21,0.22,True,English,"['SDRL', 'Seadrill', 'Emergence', 'Chapter', 'undrawn $125 million revolving credit facility', '$175 million term loan facility', 'Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority', 'U.S. Bankruptcy Court', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'New York Stock Exchange', '50 million New Common Shares', 'The New Common Shares', 'fair value accounting principles', 'New Common Stock', 'key financial metrics', 'credit agreement claims', 'single collateral silo', 'contract risk management', 'unsecured convertible bonds', 'distribution compliance period', 'OTC Pink markets', 'firm financial footing', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'lower debt leverage', 'first-lien new-money debt', 'second-lien takeback debt', 'ordinary trade claims', 'disciplined capital investment', 'Fresh Start Reporting', 'offshore drilling industry', 'best current estimates', 'Chapter 11 debtor affiliates', 'different CUSIP numbers', 'Euronext Expand market', 'new financing', 'Accounting Policies', 'Regulation S', 'bank debt', 'existing shares', 'secure footing', 'capital structure', 'market recovery', 'main market', 'CUSIP G7997W102', 'CUSIP G7997W110', 'The Company', 'fresh-start reporting', 'Effective Date', 'Southern District', 'balance sheet', 'twelve silos', 'existing holdings', 'substantial liquidity', 'Stuart Jackson', 'long process', 'greater liquidity', 'cost containment', 'Total cash', 'restricted cash', 'subsequent uplisting', 'backstop parties', 'second quarter', 'Further details', 'United States', 'ticker symbol', 'other actions', 'noticing agent', 'Prime Clerk', 'ISIN BMG7997W110', 'listing prospectus', 'Chapter 11 plan', 'Seadrill Limited', 'HAMILTON', 'Bermuda', 'Feb.', 'reorganization', 'Texas', 'October', 'restructuring', 'streamlined', 'Holders', 'predecessor', 'employee', 'customer', 'opportunities', 'CEO', 'emergence', 'realignment', 'partners', 'suppliers', 'creditors', 'support', 'position', 'leader', 'reshaping', 'figures', 'Issuance', 'Trading', 'approvals', 'OSE', 'NYSE', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'rights', 'participants', 'respect', 'portion', 'restrictions', 'resale', 'SDRL', 'brokers', 'dealers', 'agents', 'trades', 'persons', 'note', 'cancellation', 'ISINs', 'questions', 'distributions', 'assets', 'liabilities', 'appraisals', 'valuations']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,uppermichiganssource.com
205,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-milling-wheat-futures-soar-on-Russian-invasion-of-Ukraine-20822.html,Euronext milling wheat futures soar on Russian invasion of Ukraine,To read this article and see the full service  register now for a 14 day trialEnjoy access to live news  prices assessments  forecasts and much moreRegister now for your 14 day free trial which gives you:Live news : full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets: full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets Price assessments : daily spot and forward prices: daily spot and forward prices Tender dashboard : see who has won each tender and at what price: see who has won each tender and at what price Export trade dashboard : track all the latest data: track all the latest data Crop forecast table : all the key analysts and organisations: all the key analysts and organisations News archive: fully searchable  full historySign up today and someone in our team will be in touch with you shortly,To read this article and see the full service  register now for a 14 day trialEnjoy access to live news  prices assessments  forecasts and much moreRegister now for your 14 day free trial which gives you:Live news : full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets: full coverage of the wheat  corn  soy and barley markets Price assessments : daily spot and forward prices: daily spot and forward prices Tender dashboard : see who has won each tender and at what price: see who has won each tender and at what price Export trade dashboard : track all the latest data: track all the latest data Crop forecast table : all the key analysts and organisations: all the key analysts and organisations News archive: fully searchable  full historySign up today and someone in our team will be in touch with you shortly,neutral,0.01,0.59,0.4,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext milling wheat futures', 'Russian invasion', 'Ukraine', 'latest data Crop forecast table', 'price Export trade dashboard', '14 day free trial', 'organisations News archive', '14 day trial', 'live news', 'Price assessments', 'Tender dashboard', 'full service', 'prices assessments', 'full coverage', 'barley markets', 'daily spot', 'forward prices', 'key analysts', 'full history', 'article', 'access', 'forecasts', 'wheat', 'corn', 'soy', 'searchable', 'someone', 'team', 'touch']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,agricensus.com
206,EuroNext,Google API,https://wtvbam.com/2022/02/23/french-finance-minister-keeping-close-eye-on-rising-wheat-prices/,French finance minister: keeping close eye on rising wheat prices,PARIS (Reuters) – French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told BFM TV and RMC Radio on Wednesday that he was keeping a close eye on rising wheat prices  which could add to inflationary pressures affecting many consumers in France.The Euronext wheat price surged on Tuesday to close near a four-week peak hit earlier in the day on concerns that Russia’s recognition of breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine would lead to disruption of massive Black Sea grain shipments.May wheat  the most active contract on the Paris-based Euronext futures market  unofficially closed with a gain of 4.75 euros  or 1.7%  at 283.50 euros ($321.21) a tonne.(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Alison Williams),PARIS (Reuters) – French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told BFM TV and RMC Radio on Wednesday that he was keeping a close eye on rising wheat prices  which could add to inflationary pressures affecting many consumers in France.The Euronext wheat price surged on Tuesday to close near a four-week peak hit earlier in the day on concerns that Russia’s recognition of breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine would lead to disruption of massive Black Sea grain shipments.May wheat  the most active contract on the Paris-based Euronext futures market  unofficially closed with a gain of 4.75 euros  or 1.7%  at 283.50 euros ($321.21) a tonne.(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Alison Williams),neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.49,0.44,0.07,True,English,"['French finance minister', 'rising wheat prices', 'close eye', 'French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire', 'massive Black Sea grain shipments', 'Paris-based Euronext futures market', 'The Euronext wheat price', 'rising wheat prices', 'May wheat', 'BFM TV', 'RMC Radio', 'close eye', 'inflationary pressures', 'many consumers', 'four-week peak', 'breakaway regions', 'eastern Ukraine', 'active contract', 'Sudip Kar-Gupta', 'Alison Williams', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'France', 'Tuesday', 'concerns', 'Russia', 'recognition', 'disruption', 'gain', '4.75 euros', '283.50 euros', 'Editing']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,wtvbam.com
207,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220223005862/en/Sopra-Steria-Launches-We-Share-2022-a-New-Employee-Share-Ownership-Plan,Sopra Steria Launches We Share 2022  a New Employee Share Ownership Plan,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Sopra Steria Group (SOP  Euronext Paris [Compartment A] – ISIN: FR0000050809) today announced the launch of We Share 2022  a new employee share ownership plan.We Share 2022 is being offered to approximately 96% of Sopra Steria Group employees  in 14 countries: Belgium  Denmark  France  Germany  India  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom1.“This plan expresses a major ambition”  said Pierre Pasquier  Chairman of Sopra Steria Group’s Board of Directors.Under We Share 2022  employees will receive an employer contribution corresponding to one free share per share acquired  with the individual employee contribution limited to €3 000.Depending on their country of residence  employees will be able to acquire Sopra Steria shares either through an employee mutual investment fund (FCPE) or directly.,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Sopra Steria Group (SOP  Euronext Paris [Compartment A] – ISIN: FR0000050809) today announced the launch of We Share 2022  a new employee share ownership plan. Its subscription period will run from 28 March to 13 April 2022.We Share 2022 is being offered to approximately 96% of Sopra Steria Group employees  in 14 countries: Belgium  Denmark  France  Germany  India  Italy  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom1. At 31 December 2021  holdings managed on behalf of Group employees2 represented 5.8% of the share capital and 7.8% of voting rights  positioning Sopra Steria as one of the leading listed French companies when it comes to employee share ownership. Adding the registered shares held directly by the Group's current and former employees  these percentages currently amount to 9% of the capital and 12% of the voting rights.This new plan is in keeping with Sopra Steria’s continuing aim to give employees the opportunity to share in the success of the Group’s business strategy and performance over the long term. “This plan expresses a major ambition”  said Pierre Pasquier  Chairman of Sopra Steria Group’s Board of Directors. “It helps recognise employees’ commitment to Sopra Steria and reaffirms our aim of being an independent Group  combining our entrepreneurial DNA with our collective force.”The Board of Directors decided on 12 January 2022 to implement this new employee share ownership plan by adopting the same features as the previous plans  given their success. The plan involves the transfer of existing shares.Under We Share 2022  employees will receive an employer contribution corresponding to one free share per share acquired  with the individual employee contribution limited to €3 000. Depending on their country of residence  employees will be able to acquire Sopra Steria shares either through an employee mutual investment fund (FCPE) or directly.The purchase price will be equal to the average of weighted average prices for Sopra Steria shares on the Euronext Paris market over the 20 trading days preceding the date of the decision by the Chief Executive Officer  scheduled for 25 March 2022  setting this purchase price as well as the start date for the subscription period.The plan is limited to a total of 200 000 shares: 100 000 shares purchased by employees and 100 000 matching free shares granted as the employer contribution. If subscriptions by employees exceed this overall limit  the share purchase order amounts will be reduced according to a capping method  i.e. starting with the highest purchase order amounts  by successive iterations  until a level is reached at which the total number of available shares can be distributed. According to the provisional timetable  the settlement-delivery of shares will occur on 5 May 2022.About Sopra SteriaSopra Steria  a European Tech leader recognised for its consulting  digital services and software development  helps its clients drive their digital transformation to obtain tangible and sustainable benefits. It provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies and organisations more competitive by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with a fully collaborative approach. Sopra Steria places people at the heart of everything it does and is committed to making the most of digital technology to build a positive future for its clients. With 47 000 employees in nearly 30 countries  the Group generated revenue of €4.7 billion in 2021.The world is how we shape it.Sopra Steria Group (SOP) is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment A) - ISIN: FR0000050809For more information  please visit our website www.soprasteria.com1 Including employees eligible for the Share Incentive Plan (SIP) in the United Kingdom.2 Holdings managed on behalf of employees include shares held through employee mutual investment funds (FCPEs)  SIPs and UK trusts.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['New Employee Share Ownership Plan', 'Sopra Steria', 'new employee share ownership plan', 'employee mutual investment fund', 'leading listed French companies', 'highest purchase order amounts', 'share purchase order amounts', 'individual employee contribution', 'one free share', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'European Tech leader', 'Sopra Steria Group employees', 'Share Incentive Plan', '100,000 matching free shares', 'Euronext Paris market', 'Sopra Steria shares', 'new plan', 'We Share 2022', 'purchase price', 'large companies', 'share capital', 'employer contribution', 'Group employees2', 'independent Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Compartment A', 'subscription period', 'United Kingdom', 'voting rights', 'business strategy', 'long term', 'major ambition', 'Pierre Pasquier', 'entrepreneurial DNA', 'collective force', 'same features', 'previous plans', '20 trading days', 'overall limit', 'capping method', 'successive iterations', 'provisional timetable', 'digital services', 'software development', 'digital transformation', 'sustainable benefits', 'depth knowledge', 'wide range', 'business sectors', 'innovative technologies', 'collaborative approach', 'digital technology', 'positive future', 'UK trusts', 'registered shares', 'existing shares', 'available shares', 'continuing aim', 'The Board', 'average prices', 'start date', 'total number', 'end solutions', 'former employees', 'employees’ commitment', '200,000 shares', '100,000 shares', '47,000 employees', 'ISIN', 'launch', '28 March', '13 April', '14 countries', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'France', 'Germany', 'India', 'Italy', 'Luxembourg', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland', '31 December', 'holdings', 'behalf', 'current', 'percentages', 'opportunity', 'performance', 'Chairman', 'Directors', '12 January', 'transfer', 'country', 'residence', 'FCPE', 'decision', '25 March', 'subscriptions', 'level', 'settlement-delivery', '5 May', 'clients', 'tangible', 'organisations', 'people', 'heart', 'everything', '30 countries', 'revenue', 'world', 'information', 'website', 'soprasteria', 'SIP']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,businesswire.com
208,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globallegalchronicle.com/aelis-farmas-ipo-on-euronext-paris/,Aelis Farma's IPO on Euronext Paris – Global Legal Chronicle,IN BRIEF: McDermott Will & Emery  advised on the matter.McDermott Will & Emery advised AELIS FARMA with a team including Joseph Marx (Equity Capital Markets)  David Revcolevschi (Picture – Equity Capital Markets)  Emmanuelle Trombe (Life Science & Health Care).Read the full article on Global Legal Chronicle France,IN BRIEF: McDermott Will & Emery  advised on the matter.McDermott Will & Emery advised AELIS FARMA with a team including Joseph Marx (Equity Capital Markets)  David Revcolevschi (Picture – Equity Capital Markets)  Emmanuelle Trombe (Life Science & Health Care).Read the full article on Global Legal Chronicle France,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Global Legal Chronicle', 'Aelis Farma', 'Euronext Paris', 'IPO', 'Global Legal Chronicle France', 'Equity Capital Markets', 'McDermott Will', 'AELIS FARMA', 'Joseph Marx', 'David Revcolevschi', 'Emmanuelle Trombe', 'Life Science', 'Health Care', 'full article', 'BRIEF', 'Emery', 'matter', 'team', 'Picture']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,globallegalchronicle.com
209,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-announces-worlds-first-always-on-network-301489608.html,VEON Announces World's First 'Always-On' Network,BARCELONA  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announced the Always-on Network Service that allows digital financial applications to continue even when mobile communication services are suspended.The Always-on Network Service will enable digital financial services to continue even when mobile voice and messaging services have been suspended due to security concerns.The Always-on Network is an industry-wide initiative  developed in collaboration with the GSMA Foundry  to deliver always-on accessibility for business-critical applications and emergency services in data-restricted geographical areas.VEON is planning to deploy the Always-on Network Service in Pakistan through its Jazz mobile operator  subject to the approval of the relevant authorities.The Always-On Network Service is facilitated by 4G 'network-slicing' technology that enables core digital services by pushing customised policies through to the service gateway at the edge of the network.,"BARCELONA  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announced the Always-on Network Service that allows digital financial applications to continue even when mobile communication services are suspended.The Always-on Network Service will enable digital financial services to continue even when mobile voice and messaging services have been suspended due to security concerns. In 2020  these shutdowns occurred in 29 countries and took place 155 times. The financial damage inflicted by a network shutdown was estimated to be $23.6 million per 10 million population per day.The Always-on Network is an industry-wide initiative  developed in collaboration with the GSMA Foundry  to deliver always-on accessibility for business-critical applications and emergency services in data-restricted geographical areas. VEON will demonstrate the Always-on initiative at the Mobile Word Congress as part of the GSMA Foundry showcase.VEON is planning to deploy the Always-on Network Service in Pakistan through its Jazz mobile operator  subject to the approval of the relevant authorities. It will enable the continuation of operation of the JazzCash mobile banking service even when the mobile communication services are suspended. Jazz is the largest mobile operator in the country with almost 73 million customers and its JazzCash financial services are used by over 15 million customers.""For hundreds of millions of people around the world  mobile financial applications such as JazzCash are essential applications to access their money "" states Kaan Terzioglu  CEO  VEON. ""With our Always-on Network  we provide our subscribers with uninterrupted access to their finances  ensuring that they can continue to make essential payments  even in cases of Internet restrictions. This is very much in line with our digital operator strategy  which is focused on delivering high-quality and seamless services to our customers for the 1 440 minutes of a day.""The Always-On Network Service is facilitated by 4G 'network-slicing' technology that enables core digital services by pushing customised policies through to the service gateway at the edge of the network. This can enable the IP traffic for specific applications  such as JazzCash  to continue to operate despite the suspension of other network services.About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the actual deployment of the 'Always-On' Network in Pakistan and the ability for customers to access business-critical applications and emergency services during network disruptions or data-restricted areas. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levina[email protected]TUVA PartnersJulian Tanner[email protected]M +44 7900 205 460SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.13,0.74,True,English,"['VEON', 'World', 'Network', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'JazzCash mobile banking service', 'Kaan Terzioğlu', ""4G 'network-slicing' technology"", 'growing emerging markets', 'Mobile Word Congress', 'largest mobile operator', 'digital operator strategy', 'global digital operator', 'mobile communication services', 'core digital services', 'mobile financial applications', 'digital financial services', 'data-restricted geographical areas', 'GSMA Foundry showcase', 'digital financial applications', 'Jazz mobile operator', 'JazzCash financial services', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'other network services', 'data-restricted areas', 'mobile voice', 'financial damage', 'global provider', 'other things', 'mobile connectivity', 'messaging services', 'emergency services', 'seamless services', 'technology-driven services', 'business-critical applications', 'essential applications', 'service gateway', 'specific applications', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'security concerns', '10 million population', 'relevant authorities', 'uninterrupted access', 'essential payments', 'Internet restrictions', 'customised policies', 'IP traffic', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'actual deployment', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'TUVA Partners', 'Julian Tanner', 'network shutdown', 'network disruptions', 'industry-wide initiative', '73 million customers', '15 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'statements', 'BARCELONA', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'shutdowns', '29 countries', 'place', 'day', 'collaboration', 'accessibility', 'Pakistan', 'approval', 'continuation', 'operation', 'country', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'people', 'world', 'money', 'CEO', 'subscribers', 'finances', 'cases', 'line', 'high-quality', '1,440 minutes', 'edge', 'suspension', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'ability', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,prnewswire.com
210,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.hellenicshippingnews.com/french-finance-minister-keeping-close-eye-on-rising-wheat-prices/,French finance minister: keeping close eye on rising wheat prices,French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told BFM TV and RMC Radio on Wednesday that he was keeping a close eye on rising wheat prices  which could add to inflationary pressures affecting many consumers in France.The Euronext wheat price surged on Tuesday to close near a four-week peak hit earlier in the day on concerns that Russia’s recognition of breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine would lead to disruption of massive Black Sea grain shipments.May wheat  the most active contract on the Paris-based Euronext futures market  unofficially closed with a gain of 4.75 euros  or 1.7%  at 283.50 euros ($321.21) a tonne.Source: Reuters (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Alison Williams),French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told BFM TV and RMC Radio on Wednesday that he was keeping a close eye on rising wheat prices  which could add to inflationary pressures affecting many consumers in France.The Euronext wheat price surged on Tuesday to close near a four-week peak hit earlier in the day on concerns that Russia’s recognition of breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine would lead to disruption of massive Black Sea grain shipments.May wheat  the most active contract on the Paris-based Euronext futures market  unofficially closed with a gain of 4.75 euros  or 1.7%  at 283.50 euros ($321.21) a tonne.Source: Reuters (Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Alison Williams),neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.49,0.44,0.07,True,English,"['French finance minister', 'rising wheat prices', 'close eye', 'French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire', 'massive Black Sea grain shipments', 'Paris-based Euronext futures market', 'The Euronext wheat price', 'rising wheat prices', 'May wheat', 'BFM TV', 'RMC Radio', 'close eye', 'inflationary pressures', 'many consumers', 'four-week peak', 'breakaway regions', 'eastern Ukraine', 'active contract', 'Sudip Kar-Gupta', 'Alison Williams', 'Wednesday', 'France', 'Tuesday', 'concerns', 'Russia', 'recognition', 'disruption', 'gain', '4.75 euros', '283.50 euros', 'Source', 'Reuters', 'Editing']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,hellenicshippingnews.com
211,EuroNext,Bing API,https://stockstelegraph.com/veon-stock-to-decline-in-early-trades-on-thursday/,What Made The VEON Ltd Stock To Decline In Early Trades On Thursday?,At last check in early trading today  shares of the global digital operator VEON Ltd. (VEON) were down -29.26% at $0.87.VEON Ltd (VEON) is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-recorded worldwide supplier of network and advanced administrations.VEON Ltd (VEON) today reported the Always-on Network Service that permits advanced monetary applications to go on in any event when portable correspondence administrations are suspended.VEON is intending to send the Always-on Network Service in Pakistan through its Jazz versatile administrator  dependent upon the endorsement of the applicable specialists.With Always-on Network  VEON will furnish its endorsers with continuous admittance to their accounts  guaranteeing that they can keep on making fundamental installments  even in instances of Internet limitations.,At last check in early trading today  shares of the global digital operator VEON Ltd. (VEON) were down -29.26% at $0.87. VEON Ltd stock closed the last session at $1.23  decreasing -8.89% or -$0.12. Shares of the company fluctuated between $1.22 and $1.37 throughout the day. The number of shares exchanged was 3.17 million  less than the company’s 50-day daily volume of 5.26 million and lower than its Year to date volume of 5.88 million. VEON stock is losing traction even after announcing a significant connectivity move.What VEON has reported?VEON Ltd (VEON) is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-recorded worldwide supplier of network and advanced administrations. VEON organizations are changing ways of life through innovation-driven administrations that engage an amazing open door in a portion of the world’s quickest developing business sectors.VEON Ltd (VEON) today reported the Always-on Network Service that permits advanced monetary applications to go on in any event when portable correspondence administrations are suspended.The Always-on Network Service will empower computerized monetary administrations to go on in any event when portable voice and informing administrations have been suspended because of safety concerns.In 2020  these closures happened in 29 nations and occurred multiple times.The monetary harm caused by an organization closure was assessed to be $23.6 million for each 10 million populace each day.The Always-on Network is an industry-wide drive  created as a team with the GSMA Foundry  to convey consistent openness for business-basic applications and crisis administrations in information confined topographical regions.VEON will exhibit the Always-on drive at the Mobile Word Congress as a component of the GSMA Foundry feature.VEON is intending to send the Always-on Network Service in Pakistan through its Jazz versatile administrator  dependent upon the endorsement of the applicable specialists.It will empower the continuation of the activity of the JazzCash versatile financial assistance in any event when the portable correspondence administrations are suspended.Jazz is the biggest versatile administrator in the country with just about 73 million clients and its JazzCash monetary administrations are utilized by more than 15 million clients.For a huge number of individuals all over the planet  portable monetary applications  for example  JazzCash are fundamental applications to get to their cash.With Always-on Network  VEON will furnish its endorsers with continuous admittance to their accounts  guaranteeing that they can keep on making fundamental installments  even in instances of Internet limitations.This is particularly in accordance with VEON’s digital solution system  which is centered around conveying top caliber and consistent administrations to our clients for the 1 440 minutes of a day.How company will deploy its service?The Always-On Network Service by VEON Ltd in Pakistan is worked with by 4G ‘network-cutting’ innovation that empowers center advanced administrations by pushing modified strategies through to the assistance door at the edge of the organization. This can empower the IP traffic for explicit applications  like JazzCash  to keep on working in spite of the suspension of other organization administrations.,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.26,0.22,0.52,True,English,"['The VEON Ltd Stock', 'Early Trades', 'Thursday', 'Euronext Amsterdam-recorded worldwide supplier', 'quickest developing business sectors', 'information confined topographical regions', 'JazzCash versatile financial assistance', 'global digital operator', 'significant connectivity move', 'Mobile Word Congress', 'digital solution system', '4G ‘network-cutting’ innovation', 'amazing open door', 'biggest versatile administrator', 'computerized monetary administrations', 'portable correspondence administrations', 'center advanced administrations', '50-day daily volume', 'GSMA Foundry feature', 'portable monetary applications', 'advanced monetary applications', 'JazzCash monetary administrations', 'other organization administrations', 'VEON Ltd stock', 'assistance door', 'monetary harm', 'portable voice', 'innovation-driven administrations', 'crisis administrations', 'consistent administrations', 'business-basic applications', 'fundamental applications', 'explicit applications', 'VEON stock', 'last check', 'early trading', 'last session', 'safety concerns', 'organization closure', '10 million populace', 'consistent openness', 'applicable specialists', 'continuous admittance', 'fundamental installments', 'Internet limitations', 'top caliber', 'IP traffic', 'VEON Ltd.', '73 million clients', '15 million clients', 'VEON organizations', 'industry-wide drive', 'huge number', 'Network Service', 'shares', 'company', 'Year', 'date', 'traction', 'NASDAQ', 'ways', 'life', 'portion', 'event', 'informing', 'closures', '29 nations', 'team', 'component', 'Pakistan', 'endorsement', 'continuation', 'activity', 'country', 'individuals', 'planet', 'example', 'endorsers', 'accounts', 'instances', 'accordance', '1,440 minutes', 'strategies', 'edge', 'spite', 'suspension']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,stockstelegraph.com
212,EuroNext,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/iress-expands-infrastructure-new-euronext-data-center-italy/,Iress expands infrastructure to new Euronext data center in Italy,The market data vendor will host part of its core market data platform from the new site  which will be an additional site supporting its flagship API data product  QuantFEED.,The market data vendor will host part of its core market data platform from the new site  which will be an additional site supporting its flagship API data product  QuantFEED.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new Euronext data center', 'Iress', 'infrastructure', 'Italy', 'flagship API data product', 'core market data platform', 'market data vendor', 'new site', 'additional site', 'part', 'QuantFEED']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,financefeeds.com
213,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nna-leb.gov.lb/en/international/524351,European wheat prices hit record high after Ukraine invasion,NNA - Wheat prices hit a record high in European trading on Thursday  analysts and traders told AFP  after Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine.Ukraine and Russia are two of the world's biggest producers of wheat  which was trading at 344 euros ($384) a tonne on the Euronext platform.-- AFP================= L.Y,NNA - Wheat prices hit a record high in European trading on Thursday  analysts and traders told AFP  after Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine.Ukraine and Russia are two of the world's biggest producers of wheat  which was trading at 344 euros ($384) a tonne on the Euronext platform. -- AFP================= L.Y,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['European wheat prices', 'Ukraine invasion', 'record', 'record high', 'European trading', 'biggest producers', 'Euronext platform', 'L.Y', 'Wheat prices', 'NNA', 'Thursday', 'analysts', 'traders', 'AFP', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'world', '344 euros']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,nna-leb.gov.lb
214,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/article/lse-clearing/london-stock-exchange-expands-stocks-clearing-in-paris-idUSL8N2UZ4Z7,London Stock Exchange expands stocks clearing in Paris,FILE PHOTO: Signage is seen outside the entrance of the London Stock Exchange in London  Britain.REUTERS/Peter NichollsLONDON (Reuters) - The London Stock Exchange (LSEG) expanded its Paris-based clearing service on Thursday as it adjusts to a post-Brexit landscape where Britain’s financial sector faces being increasingly cut off from the European Union.Connecting with two trading platforms inside the bloc will help bring in more volume to LCH in Paris as it faces a loss of business from pan-European exchange Euronext.Euronext has said it will ditch LCH in Paris for clearing its trades by 2024  instead using its Italian clearing house acquired when it bought Borsa Italiana group from LSEG.Euronext said it no longer wanted to rely LCH in Paris given LCH is owned by a group based outside the EU.,FILE PHOTO: Signage is seen outside the entrance of the London Stock Exchange in London  Britain. Aug 23  2018. REUTERS/Peter NichollsLONDON (Reuters) - The London Stock Exchange (LSEG) expanded its Paris-based clearing service on Thursday as it adjusts to a post-Brexit landscape where Britain’s financial sector faces being increasingly cut off from the European Union.LSEG said its LCH arm in the French capital was now connected to rival trading platforms Cboe Europe in Amsterdam and Aquis Exchange in Paris to clear their share trades.Clearing ensures transactions are completed even if one side of a trade goes bust.The EU has said market participants based in the bloc will not be allowed to use clearing houses like LCH’s UK operation in London after June 2025 as it seeks to build up clearing capacity inside the bloc.Connecting with two trading platforms inside the bloc will help bring in more volume to LCH in Paris as it faces a loss of business from pan-European exchange Euronext.Euronext has said it will ditch LCH in Paris for clearing its trades by 2024  instead using its Italian clearing house acquired when it bought Borsa Italiana group from LSEG.Euronext said it no longer wanted to rely LCH in Paris given LCH is owned by a group based outside the EU.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange', 'stocks clearing', 'Paris', 'The London Stock Exchange', 'rival trading platforms', 'two trading platforms', 'Paris-based clearing service', 'Italian clearing house', 'Borsa Italiana group', 'pan-European exchange Euronext', 'Aquis Exchange', 'The EU', 'clearing houses', 'clearing capacity', 'FILE PHOTO', 'REUTERS/Peter Nicholls', 'post-Brexit landscape', 'financial sector', 'European Union', 'French capital', 'Cboe Europe', 'one side', 'market participants', 'UK operation', 'share trades', 'LCH arm', 'Signage', 'entrance', 'Britain', 'Aug', 'LSEG', 'Thursday', 'Amsterdam', 'transactions', 'bloc', 'June', 'volume', 'loss', 'business']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,reuters.com
215,EuroNext,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3805187-chicago-wheat-corn-up-by-daily-maximum-as-russia-invades-ukraine,Chicago wheat  corn up by daily maximum as Russia invades Ukraine (NYSEARCA:WEAT),"CBOT wheat and corn futures rose by their daily trading limits while soybeans climb to their highest since 2012  after Russia's attack on Ukraine ratchets up fears over global supplies.""The surge in prices mirrors fears of a total halt in exports out of the Black Sea "" Andree Defois  president of French consultancy Strategie Grains  tells Reuters.In Paris  the most-active May wheat contract +11% at €326.25/metric ton (~$364) after reaching an all-time high for a Euronext contract at €341.75/ton.ETFs: WEAT  CORN  SOYBRussia and Ukraine account for 29% of global wheat exports  19% of world corn supplies and 80% of world sunflower oil exports.Commerzbank analysts have said that ""as much as 15M tons of wheat exports from the Black Sea region could be at risk"" from the Russia-Ukraine conflict.","CBOT wheat and corn futures rose by their daily trading limits while soybeans climb to their highest since 2012  after Russia's attack on Ukraine ratchets up fears over global supplies.""The surge in prices mirrors fears of a total halt in exports out of the Black Sea "" Andree Defois  president of French consultancy Strategie Grains  tells Reuters.The most active May wheat contract (W_1:COM) +5.7% to $9.34 3/4 per bushel  the highest since July 2012  May corn (C_1:COM) +5.1% to $7.16-1/4 per bushel  and May soybeans (S_1:COM) +2.8% at $17.18 per bushel after rising to $17.56-1/2  its best level since September 2012.In Paris  the most-active May wheat contract +11% at €326.25/metric ton (~$364) after reaching an all-time high for a Euronext contract at €341.75/ton.ETFs: WEAT  CORN  SOYBRussia and Ukraine account for 29% of global wheat exports  19% of world corn supplies and 80% of world sunflower oil exports.Commerzbank analysts have said that ""as much as 15M tons of wheat exports from the Black Sea region could be at risk"" from the Russia-Ukraine conflict.",negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,mixed,0.29,0.1,0.61,True,English,"['Chicago wheat', 'daily maximum', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'NYSEARCA', 'WEAT', 'French consultancy Strategie Grains', 'world sunflower oil exports', 'active May wheat contract', 'daily trading limits', 'global wheat exports', 'world corn supplies', 'Black Sea region', 'Euronext contract', 'CBOT wheat', 'global supplies', 'May corn', 'May soybeans', 'corn futures', 'total halt', 'Andree Defois', 'best level', 'Commerzbank analysts', '15M tons', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'attack', 'fears', 'surge', 'prices', 'president', 'Reuters', 'bushel', 'July', 'September', 'Paris', 'time', 'ETFs', 'WEAT', 'risk']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,seekingalpha.com
216,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-disclosure-trading-133000987.html,Dassault Systèmes: disclosure of trading in own shares,Dassault Systemes SEPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 24  2022DISCLOSURE OF TRADING IN OWN SHARES(Repurchase program decided by the General Meeting of Shareholders of May 26  2021)Issuer: Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)Type of securities: Ordinary sharesPeriod: February 16 to 18  2022Detailed information (presentation by day and by market and transaction-by-transaction details) can be consulted on the website of Dassault Systèmes: https://investor.3ds.com/regulated-information/permanent-informationPresentation of the trading in own shares by day and by marketName of issuer Identification code of the issuer Date of trading Identification code of the financial instrument Daily total volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average acquisition price of the shares* Market DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 16-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 476 700 41 2428 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 16-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 288 200 41 2196 DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 16-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 26 800 41 2331 TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 17-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 478 246 41 9760 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 17-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 288 700 41 9538 DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 17-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 27 000 41 9650 TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 18-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 70 696 41 8598 XPAR(*)The weighted average unit price is a rounded priceABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress.We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations.By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production.Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 290 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries.For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24Story continues© Dassault Systèmes.,Dassault Systemes SEPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — February 24  2022DISCLOSURE OF TRADING IN OWN SHARES(Repurchase program decided by the General Meeting of Shareholders of May 26  2021)Issuer: Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)Type of securities: Ordinary sharesPeriod: February 16 to 18  2022Detailed information (presentation by day and by market and transaction-by-transaction details) can be consulted on the website of Dassault Systèmes: https://investor.3ds.com/regulated-information/permanent-informationPresentation of the trading in own shares by day and by marketName of issuer Identification code of the issuer Date of trading Identification code of the financial instrument Daily total volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average acquisition price of the shares* Market DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 16-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 476 700 41 2428 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 16-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 288 200 41 2196 DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 16-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 26 800 41 2331 TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 17-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 478 246 41 9760 XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 17-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 288 700 41 9538 DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 17-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 27 000 41 9650 TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86 18-Feb-22 FR0014003TT8 70 696 41 8598 XPAR(*)The weighted average unit price is a rounded priceABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 290 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations’ ContactsFrançois-José BORDONADO / Béatrix MARTINEZinvestors@3ds.com+33 (0)1 61 62 69 24Story continues© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'French “société européenne', 'Daily weighted average acquisition price', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'DXE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86', 'TQE DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86', 'XPAR DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86', 'Market DASSAULT SYSTEMES 96950065LBWY0APQIM86', 'Dassault Systemes SE', 'average unit price', 'Daily total volume', 'virtual twin experiences', 'François-José BORDONADO', 'Béatrix MARTINEZ', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'Ordinary shares Period', 'rounded price', 'commercial trademarks', 'Press Release', 'Repurchase program', 'General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris', 'Identification code', 'financial instrument', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'OWN SHARES', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'transaction details', 'other countries', 'Detailed information', 'issuer Date', '3DS logo', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'February', 'DISCLOSURE', 'TRADING', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'DSY', 'Type', 'securities', 'presentation', 'day', 'website', 'regulated', 'permanent-information', 'Name', 'number', 'Feb-22', 'FR0014003TT8', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'Contacts', 'investors', 'Story', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
217,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Iress expands infrastructure to new Euronext data center in Italy https://t.co/DF8PFBlFct,nan,Iress expands infrastructure to new Euronext data center in Italy https://t.co/DF8PFBlFct,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new Euronext data center', 'Iress', 'infrastructure', 'Italy', 'DF8PFBlFct', 'new Euronext data center', 'Iress', 'infrastructure', 'Italy', 'DF8PFBlFct']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
218,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Iress expands infrastructure to new Euronext data center in Italy - The market data vendor will host part of its c… https://t.co/1CqskAd8d4,nan,Iress expands infrastructure to new Euronext data center in Italy - The market data vendor will host part of its c… https://t.co/1CqskAd8d4,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['new Euronext data center', 'market data vendor', 'Iress', 'infrastructure', 'Italy', 'part', 'CqskAd8d4', 'new Euronext data center', 'market data vendor', 'Iress', 'infrastructure', 'Italy', 'part', 'CqskAd8d4']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
219,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Nasdaq @euronext and @NYSE should de-list Russian companies today. @POTUS @EmmanuelMacron  #StandWithUkraine… https://t.co/kTPmKv4PRu,nan,@Nasdaq @euronext and @NYSE should de-list Russian companies today. @POTUS @EmmanuelMacron  #StandWithUkraine… https://t.co/kTPmKv4PRu,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Russian companies', 'Nasdaq', 'euronext', 'POTUS', 'EmmanuelMacron', 'StandWithUkraine', 'kTPmKv4PRu', 'Russian companies', 'Nasdaq', 'euronext', 'POTUS', 'EmmanuelMacron', 'StandWithUkraine', 'kTPmKv4PRu']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
220,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,[Euronext] Invasion russe en Ukraine : le colza repart vers des sommets https://t.co/7md8Smj8OY https://t.co/utkILYv3hq,nan,[Euronext] Invasion russe en Ukraine : le colza repart vers des sommets https://t.co/7md8Smj8OY https://t.co/utkILYv3hq,neutral,0.01,0.79,0.2,neutral,0.01,0.79,0.2,True,English,"['Invasion russe', 'Euronext', 'Ukraine', 'colza', 'sommets', 'Invasion russe', 'Euronext', 'Ukraine', 'colza', 'sommets']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
221,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on February 24  08:30:00: Trust Stamp Launches Privacy-First Identit… https://t.co/jtK3Y111UU,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on February 24  08:30:00: Trust Stamp Launches Privacy-First Identit… https://t.co/jtK3Y111UU,negative,0.15,0.03,0.82,negative,0.15,0.03,0.82,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Trust Stamp', 'Privacy-First Identit', 'February', 'jtK3Y111UU', 'Press Release', 'Trust Stamp', 'Privacy-First Identit', 'February', 'jtK3Y111UU']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
222,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat futures surge to record highs at open  most active May wheat up 14% at 335.00 eur/t.#wheat #Russia… https://t.co/66hGnReDXE,nan,Euronext wheat futures surge to record highs at open  most active May wheat up 14% at 335.00 eur/t.#wheat #Russia… https://t.co/66hGnReDXE,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext wheat futures', 'active May wheat', 'highs', 'Russia', '66hGnReDXE', 'Euronext wheat futures', 'active May wheat', 'highs', 'Russia', '66hGnReDXE']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,Unknown
223,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @MSCI_Inc @anbordpleanala @corporateknight@euronext_ie @cdp… https://t.co/l28jGSxoL5,nan,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @MSCI_Inc @anbordpleanala @corporateknight@euronext_ie @cdp… https://t.co/l28jGSxoL5,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'MSCI_Inc', 'anbordpleanala', 'corporateknight', 'euronext', 'ie', 'cdp', 'l28jGSxoL5', 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'MSCI_Inc', 'anbordpleanala', 'corporateknight', 'euronext', 'ie', 'cdp', 'l28jGSxoL5']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,Unknown
224,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,TechnipFMC Announces Completion of Delisting of Shares on Euronext Paris https://t.co/8EMO4HJyry #commodities,nan,TechnipFMC Announces Completion of Delisting of Shares on Euronext Paris https://t.co/8EMO4HJyry #commodities,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', 'TechnipFMC', 'Completion', 'Delisting', 'Shares', '8EMO4HJyry', 'commodities', 'Euronext Paris', 'TechnipFMC', 'Completion', 'Delisting', 'Shares', '8EMO4HJyry', 'commodities']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,Unknown
225,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/Invitation+to+the+Extraordinary+General+Meeting+of+Bbs-Bioactive+Bone+Substitutes+Plc/19667799.html,Invitation to the Extraordinary General Meeting of Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc,DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www.The personal data given to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc by the shareholders is used only in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.Use of an agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through an agent.Each share generates one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes  Company announcement  24th February 2022 at 12:45 p.m.The shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company  which will be held at the company's premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  Thursday  March 17  2022 at 2:00 p.m.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will begin at 3.30 p.m.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE GENERAL MEETINGOpening of the meeting Election of the Chairman and the Secretary Election of minutes' inspectors and vote count supervisors Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Authorizing the Board to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The Board of Directors proposes to the Extraordinary General Meeting that it decides to authorize the Board of Directors to decide in one or more instalments on share issues and on the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act as follows:The maximum number of shares to be issued pursuant to the authorization shall not exceed 6 000 000 shares .The Board of Directors decides on all terms and conditions for issuing shares  options and other special rights entitling to shares. Share issues and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may take place in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue) if there is a weighty financial reason for the company to do so. The authorization applies to the transfer of both new shares and own shares held by the company.In the company's share issue  shares may be transferred either in exchange for payment or free of charge. A directed share issue may be free of charge only if there is a particularly significant financial reason for the company and it is in the interests of all its shareholders.The authorization is valid until June 30  2023 and it revokes the authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on April 28  2021 as it enters into force.Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS FOR THE GENERAL MEETINGThis invitation of the meeting  which includes all the proposals on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on the website of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc at www. bbs-artebone.fi. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website latest by March 31st 2022.C: INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEETING PARTICIPANTS1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Extraordinary General Meeting  March 7th 2022  has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the company.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the Extraordinary General Meeting by e-mail to ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. Registration must be completed no later than March 14th 2022 at 10.00 a.m.In connection with the registration  the shareholder's name  personal identity code or Business ID  address  telephone number and the identity of any assistant must be provided. The personal data given to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc by the shareholders is used only in connection with the Extraordinary General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.If necessary  the shareholder  his/her representative or representative shall be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesThe shareholder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting by means of such shares  based on which he/she on March 7th 2022 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  at the latest on March 14th  2022 at 10:00 a.m. In the case of shares subscribed in the Temporary Register  this is considered to be registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to promptly ask his/her trustee for the necessary instructions on how to register in the company's temporary shareholders' register  issuing proxy documents and registering for the Extraordinary General Meeting without delay. The account manager of the trustee shall register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting in the temporary shareholders' register of the company by the aforementioned date at the latest.3. Shares registered in Euroclear Sweden ABA shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall be registered in the list of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by March 7th 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  the holder of nominee registered shares must request that his/her shares be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and ensure that the trustee sends the above-mentioned temporary registration request to Euroclear Sweden AB. Registration must be made no later than 7 March 2022  and therefore a request must be made to the trustee well in advance of that date.A shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd . The request to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc must be made in writing to e-mail address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi no later than 10:00 Swedish time (CET) on March 8th 2022. Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.4. Use of an agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The agent of a shareholder shall present his/her identity and dated proxy document or otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Extraordinary General Meeting through several agents representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each agent represents the shareholder shall be reported in connection with the registration. Possible proxy documents should be delivered by ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu by March 14th 2022 at 10:00 a.m. Registration by letter must be received before the end of the above registration period.5. Other instructions and informationA shareholder present at the Extraordinary General Meeting has the right to ask questions on matters to be discussed at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The meeting will be held in Finnish.BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc has on the date of this invitation February 24th 2022  a total of 6 981 525 shares. Each share generates one vote at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Oulu  February 24th 2022BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +358 40 7080307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiLiisa Hukka  CFO tel. +358 40 0611038  e-mail: liisa.hukka@bbs-artebone.fiApproved adviser:Nordic Certified Advisers AB  puh +46 70 5516 729DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.Nasdaq Stockholm ABKey mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiThis is information that BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is obliged to disclose in accordance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication through a representative of the aforementioned contact person on 24 February 2022 at 12.45 (UCT).,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,mixed,0.59,0.12,0.29,True,English,"['Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Invitation', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', ""shareholders' pre-emptive subscription right"", 'vote count supervisors', 'weighty financial reason', 'significant financial reason', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other special rights', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'personal identity code', 'nominee registered shares', ""temporary shareholders' register"", 'personal data', 'account manager', 'Temporary Register', 'option rights', 'meeting venue', '24th February', 'voting tickets', 'share issues', 'maximum number', 'directed issue', 'B. DOCUMENTS', 'record date', 'Business ID', 'telephone number', 'related registrations', 'proxy documents', 'March 31st', 'March 7th', 'March 14th', 'Secretary Election', ""minutes' inspectors"", 'necessary instructions', 'new shares', 'A. MATTERS', 'Company announcement', '6,000,000 shares', '10.00 a', '10:00 a', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'Thursday', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Opening', 'Chairman', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'votes', 'Board', 'issuance', 'Directors', 'instalments', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'authorization', 'terms', 'conditions', 'options', 'place', 'deviation', 'transfer', 'exchange', 'payment', 'charge', 'interests', 'June', 'April', 'force', 'Closing', 'invitation', 'proposals', 'agenda', 'website', 'www', 'artebone', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'ilmoittautumiset', 'letter', 'connection', 'name', 'address', 'assistant', 'processing', 'representative', 'representation', 'means', 'addition', 'basis', 'case', 'trustee', 'delay', '12:45', '2:00', '3.30']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,streetinsider.com
226,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-investments-announcement-consent-solicitations-145900652.html,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations,This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.Capitalised terms used in this announcement have the meanings given in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.To be eligible for the Ineligible Noteholder Payment  the Ineligible Noteholder must deliver (and not subsequently revoke) an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction to the Tabulation Agent by the Early Instruction Deadline.Solicitation and Distribution RestrictionsThe distribution of this announcement and the Consent Solicitation Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law  and persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Consent Solicitation Memorandum comes are required to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Any Electronic Voting Instructions from a Noteholder that is unable to make these representations (and is not an Ineligible Noteholder submitted an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction) will not be accepted.,"LUXEMBOURG  Feb. 24  2022 /CNW/ --THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF (I) ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 (""EU MAR"") AND (II) EU MAR AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (EUWA) (""UK MAR"").NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION (A) IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA) (THE ""UNITED STATES"" OR THE ""U.S."") OR TO ANY ""U.S. PERSON"" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE ""SECURITIES ACT"")  OR (B) IN OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES THE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION OF NOTEHOLDERS. IF ANY NOTEHOLDER IS IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION IT SHOULD TAKE  IT IS RECOMMENDED TO SEEK ITS OWN FINANCIAL ADVICE  INCLUDING AS TO ANY TAX CONSEQUENCES  FROM ITS BROKER  BANK MANAGER  SOLICITOR  ACCOUNTANT  INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL OR TAX ADVISER AUTHORISED UNDER THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (IF IN THE UNITED KINGDOM) OR OTHER APPROPRIATELY AUTHORISED FINANCIAL ADVISER. ANY INDIVIDUAL OR COMPANY WHOSE NOTES ARE HELD ON ITS BEHALF BY A BROKER  DEALER  BANK  CUSTODIAN  TRUST COMPANY OR OTHER NOMINEE MUST CONTACT SUCH ENTITY IF IT WISHES TO PARTICIPATE IN THE CONSENT SOLICITATION.ISIN / Common code Description Outstanding principal amount XS1529559525 / 152955952 €600 000 000 1.125 per cent. Notes due in 2026 issued by Euroclear Investments (the ""2026 Notes"") €600 000 000 XS1797663702 / 179766370 €300 000 000 1.5 per cent. Senior Notes due in 2030 issued by Euroclear Investments (the ""2030 Notes"") €300 000 000 XS1797663967 / 179766396 €400 000 000 Subordinated Resettable Fixed Rate Notes due in 2048 issued by Euroclear Investments (the ""2048 Notes"") €400 000 000(the 2026 Notes  the 2030 Notes and the 2048 Notes together  the ""Notes"" and each a ""Series"").Story continuesEuroclear Investments (the ""Issuer"") today announces invitations to Eligible Noteholders (as defined below) of each Series of Notes to approve by extraordinary resolution (in respect of a Series of Notes  an ""Extraordinary Resolution"") the replacement of the terms and conditions of each Series of Notes (the ""Conditions"") such that the new terms and conditions of each Series of Notes (the ""New Conditions"") allow for the Notes to be transferred into  and settled through  the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the ""NBB"") or any successor thereto (the ""NBB-SSS"") in advance of the possible future relocation of the Issuer's corporate seat and fiscal residence from Luxembourg to Belgium (the ""Re-domiciliation"") and to amend the governing law of certain provisions of the Conditions to reflect the impact of any such Re-domiciliation (each such invitation in respect of each Series of Notes  a ""Consent Solicitation"").This announcement does not contain the full terms and conditions of the Proposals (as defined herein)  which are contained in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum dated 24 February 2022 (the ""Consent Solicitation Memorandum"") prepared by the Issuer  which is available to Eligible Noteholders from the Tabulation Agent via: https://deals.lucid-is.com/euroclear.This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Consent Solicitation Memorandum. Capitalised terms used in this announcement have the meanings given in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum.Consent Fee and Ineligible Noteholder PaymentEligible Noteholders from whom a valid Electronic Voting Instruction in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution with respect to the relevant Series of Notes is received (and not subsequently revoked) by the Tabulation Agent by 4.00 p.m. (London time) on 8 March 2022 (as the same may be extended  the ""Early Instruction Deadline"") will be eligible to receive payment of an amount equal to 0.10 per cent. of the principal amount of the relevant Series of Notes that are the subject of such Electronic Voting Instruction (each such consent fee in relation to a Series of the Notes  a ""Consent Fee""). Payment of the Consent Fee is conditional on the satisfaction of:(A) the passing of the applicable Extraordinary Resolution; and(B) the quorum required for  and the requisite majority of votes cast at  the relevant Meeting being satisfied by Eligible Noteholders  irrespective of any participation at the Meeting by Ineligible Noteholders (and would also have been so satisfied if any Ineligible Noteholders who provide confirmation of their status as Ineligible Noteholders and waive their right to attend and vote (or be represented) at the Meeting had actually participated at the Meeting) including the satisfaction of such condition at an adjourned Meeting (such conditions in respect of a Series of Notes being the ""Consent Conditions"").Ineligible Noteholders may be eligible to receive an amount equal to 0.10 per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes that are the subject of the relevant Ineligible Noteholder Instruction (each such payment in relation to a Series of the Notes  an ""Ineligible Noteholder Payment""). To be eligible for the Ineligible Noteholder Payment  the Ineligible Noteholder must deliver (and not subsequently revoke) an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction to the Tabulation Agent by the Early Instruction Deadline.Noteholders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold their Notes when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Noteholder in order for such Noteholder to submit an Electronic Voting Instruction or Ineligible Noteholder Instruction by the deadline specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each clearing system for the submission and revocation of Electronic Voting Instructions or Ineligible Noteholder Instructions will be earlier than the deadline specified above.BackgroundThe Issuer is considering carrying out the Re-domiciliation. Upon the Re-domiciliation taking effect  the Issuer would be re-domiciled as a Belgian company under the Belgian Companies and Associations Code and be treated as a Belgian tax resident company.The Issuer considers that the Re-domiciliation would be of benefit to it and the Euroclear Group by creating streamlined regulatory oversight to which Euroclear Group is subject on a consolidated basis  including in terms of resolution planning. Such simplification of the Issuer's supervisory reporting would also enhance the efficiency of any supervisory action.The board of directors of the Issuer approved the Re-domiciliation in principle on 17 December 2021. As at the date of this announcement  no assurance can be given as to whether or not the Re-domiciliation will be carried out. However  in light of the envisaged Re-domiciliation  it is proposed that the Conditions of each Series of Notes be replaced with the New Conditions and related documentation be amended to allow:(A) the Notes to be transferred into the NBB-SSS. The Notes are global bearer notes governed by English law. In order for these to circulate under the system of the Coordinated Belgian Royal Decree nr. 62 of 10 November 1967 on the custody of fungible financial instruments and the settlement of transactions in such instruments  they will need to be deposited into the custody of NBB-SSS  where they will be immobilised and then exclusively represented by book entries in the records of the NBB-SSS;(B) the Notes to be transferred into the NBB-SSS on the next Interest Payment Date (as defined in the Conditions) in accordance with the NBB-SSS Regulations  irrespective of whether the Re-domiciliation occurs; and(C) certain Conditions to automatically refer to the applicable laws of Belgium (instead of Luxembourg) if and when the Re-domiciliation has taken effect  including  without limitation  in respect to subordination of the Notes and bail-in powers each such proposal in relation to a Series of Notes  a ""Proposal"" and together the ""Proposals"".The implementation of the Proposal in respect of a Series of Notes is conditional on satisfaction of the Consent Conditions.For the avoidance of doubt  if the Re-domiciliation does not take effect  the New Conditions would still apply to the Notes if the Proposals are approved and implemented.If the Re-domiciliation were to be carried out  the interest component of payments on the Notes made by or on behalf of the Issuer will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax  currently at a rate of 30 per cent. on the gross amount of such interest (unless exemptions or reduced rates could be invoked). However  Noteholders could collect interest on their Notes free of Belgian withholding tax if the Notes were held by eligible investors within the meaning of article 4 of the X/N Regulation in an exempt securities account (an ""X-Account"") that has been opened with a financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in NBB-SSS.Noteholders are advised to consult with their tax advisers and check with any Direct Participant or other intermediary (including any securities broker or financial institution) through which they hold their Notes  in order to ascertain the (i) implications of the transfer of the notes to the NBB-SSS and (ii) the rules  regulations and qualification criteria for holding an X-Account in the NBB-SSS.In respect of each Series  the Proposals would ensure that  notwithstanding the immobilisation of the Notes into the NBB-SSS and occurrence of any Re-domiciliation after the date of the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  the rights and obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall continue in full force and effect.Notice of MeetingsA notice convening separate meetings (the ""Meetings"") of the holders of each Series  to be held at the offices of Slaughter and May  One Bunhill Row  London EC1Y 8YY  United Kingdom  has been given to Noteholders in accordance with the relevant Conditions on the date of this announcement  including via release through the Clearing Systems.The Consent Solicitation in respect of a Series does not constitute an undertaking of the Issuer  the agent(s) of such Series or the Solicitation Agent to take any action to implement the Proposal  even if the Extraordinary Resolution passes.Until the Extraordinary Resolution is passed in respect of the relevant Series  the Eligibility Condition is satisfied in respect of such Series and the relevant Amended and Restated Agency Agreement and related documents have been executed  no assurance can be given that the Proposal in respect of such Series will take effect. Further  an Extraordinary Resolution in respect of one Series may be passed by the Noteholders of such Series  whereas others may not be passed. None of the Extraordinary Resolutions in respect of any Series are conditional upon any other Extraordinary Resolution in respect of another Series being validly approved and implemented. Each Proposal is a separate consent solicitation affecting solely the Series to which it relates.Eligible NoteholdersEach Consent Solicitation is only being made  and the Consent Solicitation Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Consent Solicitations are only for distribution or to be made available in respect of each Series of Notes in each case to holders of the Series of Notes who are (a) located and resident outside the United States and is not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) and (b) otherwise a person to whom the Consent Solicitation can be lawfully made and that may lawfully participate in the Consent Solicitation (in respect of each Series of Notes  the ""Eligible Noteholders"").Eligible Noteholders are advised to read carefully the Consent Solicitation Memorandum for full details of  and information on the procedures for participating in  the Consent Solicitations.Indicative TimetableSet out below is an indicative timetable showing one possible outcome for the timing of the Consent Solicitations  which will depend  among other things  on timely receipt (and non-revocation) of instructions  the rights of the Issuer (where applicable) to extend  waive any condition of  amend and/or terminate any Consent Solicitation (other than the terms of the Extraordinary Resolutions) as described in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum and the passing of the Extraordinary Resolutions (and satisfaction of the Eligibility Condition) at the initial Meetings. Accordingly  the actual timetable may differ significantly from the timetable below.Announcement of Consent Solicitations Announcement of Consent Solicitations 24 February 2022 Notice to be delivered to the Clearing Systems for communication to Direct ParticipantsDocuments referred to under ""General"" in the Notice available from the Tabulation Agent and from the specified office of the Fiscal Agent From this date  Noteholders may arrange for the Notes they hold to be blocked in an account with the Clearing Systems and held to the order of any Paying Agent in order to give valid voting certificates or voting instructions as applicableEarly Instruction DeadlineDeadline for receipt by the Tabulation Agent of valid Electronic Voting Instructions from Eligible Noteholders for such Noteholders to be eligible to receive the applicable Consent Fee. Such Electronic Voting Instructions must be in favour of the applicable Extraordinary Resolution in order for the relevant Noteholder to be eligible for the Consent Fee 4.00 p.m. (London Time) on 8 March 2022 Deadline for receipt by the Tabulation Agent of valid Ineligible Noteholder Instructions from Ineligible Noteholders abstaining from voting in respect of the applicable Extraordinary Resolutions for such Ineligible Noteholders to be eligible to receive the Ineligible Noteholder PaymentExpiration DeadlineFinal deadline for receipt by the Tabulation Agent of Electronic Voting Instructions from Noteholders to be able to participate in the relevant Consent Solicitation 4.00 p.m. (London Time) on 15 March 2022 Deadline for making any other arrangements to attend or be represented at a Meeting However  Noteholders making such other arrangements or submitting Electronic Voting Instructions or Ineligible Noteholder Instructions after the Early Instruction Deadline will not be eligible to receive the applicable Consent Fee or Ineligible Noteholder PaymentMeetings In respect of each Series of Notes  Meeting to be held at the offices of Slaughter and May  One Bunhill Row  London EC1Y 8YY 18 March 2022 at: · with respect to the 2026 Notes  10.00 a.m. (London Time) · with respect to the 2030 Notes  10.15 a.m. (London Time) · with respect to the 2048 Notes  10.30 a.m. (London Time) Announcement of results of Meetings and satisfaction of Consent ConditionsIn respect of each Series of Notes  announcement of the results of the Meeting and  if the Extraordinary Resolution passed  whether the Eligibility Condition is satisfied As soon as reasonably practicable after the Meetings Payment DateWhere payable  payment of the applicable Consent Fee or Ineligible Noteholder Payment No later than the second Business Day immediately following the Meeting at which the applicable Extraordinary Resolution is passed Execution and delivery of the Amended and Restated Agency AgreementsIn respect of each Series of Notes  the date on which the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement  Deed of Amendment and Clearing Agreement will be executed if the applicable Proposal is approved by Noteholders Subject to the applicable Extraordinary Resolution and the Consent Conditions being satisfied  as soon as reasonably practicable after the Meeting Implementation DateIn respect of each Series of Notes  the date on which the Amended and Restated Agency Agreement  Deed of Amendment and Clearing Agreement will come into effect and the Conditions will be replaced with the New Conditions as a result Subject to the execution of the relevant agreement  expected to be:· with respect to the 2030 Notes and the 2048 Notes  11 April 2022; and · with respect to the 2026 Notes  7 December 2022If any Meeting is not quorate on the date stated above  such Meeting may be adjourned for such period being not less than 14 days nor more than 42 days to such time and place as the chairman may decide  and notice of any adjourned Meeting shall be given in the same matter as notice of the initial Meeting  save that 10 clear days' (containing the information required for the notice of the initial Meeting) shall be given.In respect to each Series of Notes  the quorum required for the Meeting of Noteholders to consider the Extraordinary Resolution is two or more Noteholders present and holding or representing in aggregate not less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. To be passed at a Meeting  an Extraordinary Resolution requires a majority in favour consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of votes of holders of Notes cast. If passed  the Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all holders of Notes  whether present or not at the Meeting and whether or not voting.Noteholders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold their Notes when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from a Noteholder in order for such Noteholder to participate in  or (in the limited circumstances in which revocation is permitted) to validly revoke their instruction to participate in  the Consent Solicitation with respect to the relevant Series of Notes and/or the relevant Meeting by the deadlines specified above. The deadlines set by any such intermediary and each Clearing System for the submission and (where permitted) revocation of Electronic Voting Instructions will be earlier than the relevant deadlines above.The Issuer may  at its option and in its sole discretion  extend  or waive the condition of  any Consent Solicitation at any time and may amend or terminate any Consent Solicitation at any time (subject in each case to applicable law and the Meeting Provisions and as provided in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum  and provided that no amendment may be made to the terms of the relevant Extraordinary Resolution). Details of any such extension  waiver  amendment or termination will be announced as provided in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum as promptly as practicable after the relevant decision is made.For further information  please contact:THE SOLICITATION AGENTCitigroup Global Markets LimitedCitigroup CentreCanada SquareCanary WharfLondon E14 5LBUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 7986 8969Attention: Liability Management GroupEmail: liabilitymanagement.europe@citi.comTHE TABULATION AGENTLucid Issuer Services LimitedThe Shard32 London Bridge StreetLondon SE1 9SGUnited KingdomTelephone: +44 20 7704 0880Attention: Thomas ChoquetEmail: euroclear@lucid-is.comWebsite: https://deals.lucid-is.com/euroclearThis announcement relates to the disclosure of information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information for the purposes of Article 7 of the EU MAR and UK MAR. For the purposes of Article 2 of Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/1055  this announcement is made by Harold Finders (Chairman) and Charles Meeus (General Manager) of Euroclear Investments.DisclaimerNone of the Solicitation Agent  the Tabulation Agent or any of their directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates express any opinion on the merits of  or makes any representation or recommendation whatsoever regarding  the Consent Solicitations  the Extraordinary Resolutions or the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or makes any recommendation as to whether Noteholders should participate in any Consent Solicitation or otherwise participate at the Meetings. None of the Solicitation Agent  the Tabulation Agent or any of their directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates have verified  or assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of  any of the information concerning the Consent Solicitations  the Extraordinary Resolutions  the Notes or the factual statements contained in  or the effect or effectiveness of  the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or any other documents referred to in the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or assume any responsibility for any failure by the Issuer to disclose events that may have occurred and may affect the significance or accuracy of such information or the terms of any amendment (if any) to any Consent Solicitation.Solicitation and Distribution RestrictionsThe distribution of this announcement and the Consent Solicitation Memorandum in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law  and persons into whose possession this announcement and/or the Consent Solicitation Memorandum comes are required to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.Nothing in this announcement  the Consent Solicitation Memorandum or the electronic transmission thereof constitutes or contemplates an offer of  an offer to purchase or the solicitation of an offer to sell securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The Notes have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act  or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States  and the Notes may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws.Each Noteholder participating in the Consent Solicitation will be required to represent that it is an Eligible Noteholder. Any Electronic Voting Instructions from a Noteholder that is unable to make these representations (and is not an Ineligible Noteholder submitted an Ineligible Noteholder Instruction) will not be accepted. Each of the Issuer  the Solicitation Agent and the Tabulation Agent reserves the right  in its absolute discretion  to investigate  in relation to any submission of Electronic Voting Instructions  whether any such representation given by a Noteholder is correct and  if such investigation is undertaken and as a result the Issuer determines (for any reason) that such representation is not correct  such Electronic Voting Instruction may be rejected.SOURCE Euroclear InvestmentsCisionView original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/February2022/24/c1362.html",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.15,0.16,0.69,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'Subordinated Resettable Fixed Rate Notes', 'OTHER APPROPRIATELY AUTHORISED FINANCIAL ADVISER', 'valid Electronic Voting Instruction', 'U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS', 'Outstanding principal amount XS1529559525', 'TAX ADVISER AUTHORISED', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS', 'OWN FINANCIAL ADVICE', 'Common code Description', 'securities settlement system', 'possible future relocation', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'UK DOMESTIC LAW', 'U.S. PERSON', 'Consent Solicitation Memorandum', 'applicable Extraordinary Resolution', 'COMPANY WHOSE NOTES', 'Ineligible Noteholder Payment', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'INDEPENDENT FINANCIAL', 'FINANCIAL SERVICES', 'OTHER NOMINEE', 'Instruction Deadline', 'WITHDRAWAL) ACT', 'UK MAR', 'TAX CONSEQUENCES', 'MARKETS ACT', 'TRUST COMPANY', 'governing law', 'UNITED KINGDOM', 'Consent Fee', 'Ineligible Noteholders', 'EU MAR', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'PUERTO RICO', 'AMERICAN SAMOA', 'WAKE ISLAND', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'INDIVIDUAL OR', 'Euroclear Investments', 'corporate seat', 'fiscal residence', 'Tabulation Agent', 'London time', '0.10 per cent', 'requisite majority', 'new terms', 'full terms', 'Capitalised terms', 'BANK MANAGER', 'National Bank', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'Senior Notes', 'relevant Series', 'relevant Meeting', 'New Conditions', '2026 Notes', '2030 Notes', '2048 Notes', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'Feb.', 'CNW', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'DISCLOSURE', 'PURPOSES', 'ARTICLE', 'FORMS', 'PART', 'VIRTUE', 'EUWA', 'RELEASE', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'TERRITORIES', 'POSSESSIONS', 'GUAM', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'PUBLISH', 'DOCUMENT', 'DOUBT', 'ACTION', 'ITS', 'BROKER', 'SOLICITOR', 'ACCOUNTANT', 'BEHALF', 'DEALER', 'CUSTODIAN', 'SUCH', 'ENTITY', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'Issuer', 'invitations', 'respect', 'replacement', 'Belgium', 'NBB', 'successor', 'advance', 'Re-domiciliation', 'provisions', 'impact', 'Proposals', 'deals', 'conjunction', 'meanings', 'favour', '8 March', 'same', 'equal', 'subject', 'relation', 'passing', 'quorum', 'votes', 'confirmation', 'status', 'right', '4.00']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
227,EuroNext,Google API,http://www.hedgeweek.com/2022/02/23/312332/iress-expands-footprint-new-euronext-colocation-site-bergamo-italy,Iress expands footprint to new Euronext colocation site in ...,1 day ago,1 day ago,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['new Euronext colocation site', 'Iress', 'footprint']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,hedgeweek.com
228,EuroNext,Google API,https://kfgo.com/2022/02/23/french-finance-minister-keeping-close-eye-on-rising-wheat-prices/,French finance minister: keeping close eye on rising wheat prices,PARIS (Reuters) – French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told BFM TV and RMC Radio on Wednesday that he was keeping a close eye on rising wheat prices  which could add to inflationary pressures affecting many consumers in France.The Euronext wheat price surged on Tuesday to close near a four-week peak hit earlier in the day on concerns that Russia’s recognition of breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine would lead to disruption of massive Black Sea grain shipments.May wheat  the most active contract on the Paris-based Euronext futures market  unofficially closed with a gain of 4.75 euros  or 1.7%  at 283.50 euros ($321.21) a tonne.(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Alison Williams),PARIS (Reuters) – French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire told BFM TV and RMC Radio on Wednesday that he was keeping a close eye on rising wheat prices  which could add to inflationary pressures affecting many consumers in France.The Euronext wheat price surged on Tuesday to close near a four-week peak hit earlier in the day on concerns that Russia’s recognition of breakaway regions in eastern Ukraine would lead to disruption of massive Black Sea grain shipments.May wheat  the most active contract on the Paris-based Euronext futures market  unofficially closed with a gain of 4.75 euros  or 1.7%  at 283.50 euros ($321.21) a tonne.(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Alison Williams),neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,positive,0.49,0.44,0.07,True,English,"['French finance minister', 'rising wheat prices', 'close eye', 'French Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire', 'massive Black Sea grain shipments', 'Paris-based Euronext futures market', 'The Euronext wheat price', 'rising wheat prices', 'May wheat', 'BFM TV', 'RMC Radio', 'close eye', 'inflationary pressures', 'many consumers', 'four-week peak', 'breakaway regions', 'eastern Ukraine', 'active contract', 'Sudip Kar-Gupta', 'Alison Williams', 'Reuters', 'Wednesday', 'France', 'Tuesday', 'concerns', 'Russia', 'recognition', 'disruption', 'gain', '4.75 euros', '283.50 euros', 'Editing']",2022-02-23,2022-02-24,kfgo.com
229,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/2022/02/24/9551653.htm,VEON Announces World's First 'Always-On' Network,[February 24  2022] VEON Announces World's First 'Always-On' NetworkBARCELONA  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announced the Always-on Network Service that allows digital financial applications to continue even when mobile communication services are suspended.The Always-on Network Service will enable digital financial services to continue even when mobile voice and messaging services have been suspended due to security concerns.The Always-on Network is an industry-wide initiative  developed in collaboration with the GSMA Foundry  to deliver always-on accessibility for business-critical applications and emergency services in data-restricted geographical areas.VEON is planning to deploy the Always-on Network Service in Pakistan through its Jazz mobile operator  subject to the approval of the relevant authorities.The Always-On Network Service is facilitated by 4G 'network-slicing' technology that enables core digital services by pushing customised policies through to the service gateway at the edge of the network.,"[February 24  2022] VEON Announces World's First 'Always-On' NetworkBARCELONA  Feb. 24  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announced the Always-on Network Service that allows digital financial applications to continue even when mobile communication services are suspended. The Always-on Network Service will enable digital financial services to continue even when mobile voice and messaging services have been suspended due to security concerns. In 2020  these shutdowns occurred in 29 countries and took place 155 times. The financial damage inflicted by a network shutdown was estimated to be $23.6 million per 10 million population per day. The Always-on Network is an industry-wide initiative  developed in collaboration with the GSMA Foundry  to deliver always-on accessibility for business-critical applications and emergency services in data-restricted geographical areas. VEON will demonstrate the Always-on initiative at the Mobile Word Congress as part of the GSMA Foundry showcase. VEON is planning to deploy the Always-on Network Service in Pakistan through its Jazz mobile operator  subject to the approval of the relevant authorities. It will enable the continuation of operation of the JazzCash mobile banking service even when the mobile communication services are suspended. Jazz is the largest mobile operator in the country with almost 73 million customers and its JazzCash financial services are used by over 15 million customers. ""For hundreds of millions of people around the world  mobile financial applications such as JazzCash are essential applictions to access their money "" states Kaan Terzioglu  CEO  VEON. ""With our Always-on Network  we provide our subscribers with uninterrupted access to their finances  ensuring that they can continue to make essential payments  even in cases of Internet restrictions. This is very much in line with our digital operator strategy  which is focused on delivering high-quality and seamless services to our customers for the 1 440 minutes of a day.""The Always-On Network Service is facilitated by 4G 'network-slicing' technology that enables core digital services by pushing customised policies through to the service gateway at the edge of the network. This can enable the IP traffic for specific applications  such as JazzCash  to continue to operate despite the suspension of other network services. About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets. For more information  visit:?https://www.veon.comDisclaimer This release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the actual deployment of the 'Always-On' Network in Pakistan and the ability for customers to access business-critical applications and emergency services during network disruptions or data-restricted areas. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. Contact Information VEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levina[email protected] TUVA PartnersJulian Tanner[email protected]M +44 7900 205 460View original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-announces-worlds-first-always-on-network-301489608.html SOURCE VEON Ltd[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.13,0.13,0.74,True,English,"['VEON', 'World', 'Network', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'JazzCash mobile banking service', ""4G 'network-slicing' technology"", 'growing emerging markets', 'Mobile Word Congress', 'largest mobile operator', 'digital operator strategy', 'global digital operator', 'mobile communication services', 'core digital services', 'mobile financial applications', 'digital financial applications', 'digital financial services', 'data-restricted geographical areas', 'GSMA Foundry showcase', 'Jazz mobile operator', 'JazzCash financial services', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'other network services', 'data-restricted areas', 'mobile voice', 'financial damage', 'global provider', 'other things', 'business-critical applications', 'specific applications', 'mobile connectivity', 'messaging services', 'emergency services', 'seamless services', 'technology-driven services', 'service gateway', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'security concerns', '10 million population', 'relevant authorities', 'essential applictions', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'uninterrupted access', 'essential payments', 'Internet restrictions', 'customised policies', 'IP traffic', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'actual deployment', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'TUVA Partners', 'Julian Tanner', 'original content', 'VEON Ltd.', 'network shutdown', 'network disruptions', 'industry-wide initiative', '73 million customers', '15 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'statements', 'February', 'World', 'BARCELONA', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'shutdowns', '29 countries', 'place', 'day', 'collaboration', 'accessibility', 'Pakistan', 'approval', 'continuation', 'operation', 'country', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'people', 'money', 'CEO', 'subscribers', 'finances', 'cases', 'line', 'high-quality', '1,440 minutes', 'edge', 'suspension', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'ability', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'TMCnet', 'Homepage']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,tmcnet.com
230,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/trust-stamp-launches-privacy-first-133000476.html,Trust Stamp Launches Privacy-First Identity Orchestration Platform,Trust StampDelivers security  operational efficiency  and cost benefits unmatched by traditional identity frameworksAtlanta   Feb. 24  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Trust Stamp (Nasdaq: IDAI  Euronext Growth: AIID ID)  the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM providing AI-powered trust and identity services used globally across multiple sectors  announces the launch of its end-to-end Identity Orchestration Platform  which streamlines delivery and implementation of the Company’s proven technologies through a low-code approach.Trust Stamp President Andrew Gowasack comments: “Trust Stamp’s next-generation identity package offers rapid deployment across devices and platforms  with custom workflows that seamlessly orchestrate trust across the identity lifecycle for a consistent user experience in processes for onboarding and KYC/AML  multi-factor authentication  account recovery  fraud prevention  compliance  and more.Trust Stamp invites companies to learn more about the transformational platform and explore opportunities for integration and channel partnerships here .About Trust StampTrust Stamp   the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM  is a global provider of AI-powered identity services for use in multiple sectors including banking and finance  regulatory compliance  government  real estate  communications  and humanitarian services.Located in seven countries across North America  Europe  Asia  and Africa  Trust Stamp trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( Nasdaq: IDAI ) and Euronext Growth in Dublin ( Euronext Growth: AIID ID ).,Trust StampDelivers security  operational efficiency  and cost benefits unmatched by traditional identity frameworksAtlanta   Feb. 24  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Trust Stamp (Nasdaq: IDAI  Euronext Growth: AIID ID)  the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM providing AI-powered trust and identity services used globally across multiple sectors  announces the launch of its end-to-end Identity Orchestration Platform  which streamlines delivery and implementation of the Company’s proven technologies through a low-code approach.Trust Stamp’s powerful identity platform enables clients to transform security  privacy  and usability in digital operations with a range of leading AI-powered technologies including biometric  document and liveness verification  as well as data-protection and more  in order to support robust identity frameworks that can be established  augmented  and modified with agility and speed.With increased customer retention and reduced fraud losses resulting from Trust Stamp’s proven enterprise implementations  the Company’s approach to identity orchestration delivers material business benefits at a fraction of the cost and time-to-market of legacy solutions. Trust Stamp’s streamlined low-code solution transforms digital operations  enabling organizations to eliminate legacy solution lock-in and craft dynamic digital journeys to meet evolving global consumer and regulatory needs  with a platform that continually advances to offer the latest in Trust Stamp’s powerful identity capabilities.Trust Stamp President Andrew Gowasack comments: “Trust Stamp’s next-generation identity package offers rapid deployment across devices and platforms  with custom workflows that seamlessly orchestrate trust across the identity lifecycle for a consistent user experience in processes for onboarding and KYC/AML  multi-factor authentication  account recovery  fraud prevention  compliance  and more.By offering Trust Stamp’s core privacy-first technology that cryptographically transforms identifying information and leverages the resulting Irreversibly Transformed Identity Token (IT 2 ) for protected identity-proofing at scale  our multi-layered Identity Orchestration Platform also delivers immense long-term benefits to security  operational efficiency  and cost  that are unmatched by traditional identity frameworks.”Story continuesThe platform enables technology partners to develop and deliver value-added solutions  creating new business opportunities and growing commercial potential with innovative  privacy-first services. Trust Stamp invites companies to learn more about the transformational platform and explore opportunities for integration and channel partnerships here .About Trust StampTrust Stamp   the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM  is a global provider of AI-powered identity services for use in multiple sectors including banking and finance  regulatory compliance  government  real estate  communications  and humanitarian services. Its technology empowers organizations with advanced biometric identity solutions that reduce fraud  protect personal data privacy  increase operational efficiency  and reach a broader base of users worldwide through its unique data transformation and comparison capabilities.Located in seven countries across North America  Europe  Asia  and Africa  Trust Stamp trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( Nasdaq: IDAI ) and Euronext Growth in Dublin ( Euronext Growth: AIID ID ). Founded in 2016 by Gareth Genner and Andrew Gowasack  the company now employs over 100 people.Safe Harbor Statement: Caution Concerning Forward-Looking RemarksAll statements in this release that are not based on historical fact are “forward-looking statements” including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The information in this announcement may contain forward-looking statements and information related to  among other things  the company  its business plan and strategy  and its industry. These statements reflect management’s current views with respect to future events-based information currently available and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company does not undertake any obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.EnquiriesTrust StampGareth Genner  Chief Executive OfficerNisha Naik  Executive VP of CommunicationsEmail: Shareholders@truststamp.aiDavy (Euronext Growth Advisor)Barry MurphyTel: +353 1 679 6363Investor RelationsCrescendo CommunicationsTel: +1 212-671-1021Email: idai@crescendo-ir.com,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.13,0.59,True,English,"['Privacy-First Identity Orchestration Platform', 'Trust Stamp', 'resulting Irreversibly Transformed Identity Token', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Trust Stamp President Andrew Gowasack', 'end Identity Orchestration Platform', 'multi-layered Identity Orchestration Platform', 'advanced biometric identity solutions', 'Trust Stamp Trust Stamp', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'traditional identity frameworks', 'Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM', 'robust identity frameworks', 'next-generation identity package', 'consistent user experience', 'growing commercial potential', 'unique data transformation', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'powerful identity platform', 'powerful identity capabilities', 'evolving global consumer', 'innovative, privacy-first services', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'dynamic digital journeys', 'immense long-term benefits', 'AI-powered identity services', 'leading AI-powered technologies', 'Enquiries Trust Stamp', 'core privacy-first technology', 'personal data privacy', 'future events-based information', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'new business opportunities', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'Securities Act', 'AI-powered trust', 'identity lifecycle', 'business benefits', 'legacy solutions', 'value-added solutions', 'Stamp trades', 'transformational platform', 'global provider', 'humanitarian services', 'comparison capabilities', 'Executive VP', 'digital operations', 'business plan', 'operational efficiency', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'AIID ID', 'multiple sectors', 'proven technologies', 'liveness verification', 'customer retention', 'enterprise implementations', 'low-code solution', 'regulatory needs', 'rapid deployment', 'custom workflows', 'multi-factor authentication', 'account recovery', 'technology partners', 'real estate', 'broader base', 'seven countries', 'North America', 'Gareth Genner', 'Forward-Looking Remarks', 'historical fact', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'other things', 'current views', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'Nisha Naik', 'ai Davy', 'Barry Murphy', 'Investor Relations', 'identifying information', 'looking statements', 'cost benefits', 'fraud losses', 'fraud prevention', 'low-code approach', 'regulatory compliance', 'unanticipated events', 'Delivers security', 'Crescendo Communications', 'Atlanta', 'IDAI', 'launch', 'delivery', 'clients', 'usability', 'range', 'document', 'data-protection', 'order', 'agility', 'speed', 'reduced', 'material', 'fraction', 'time', 'streamlined', 'organizations', 'devices', 'platforms', 'processes', 'onboarding', 'KYC/AML', 'identity-proofing', 'scale', 'Story', 'companies', 'integration', 'partnerships', 'banking', 'finance', 'government', 'users', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Dublin', '100 people', 'Caution', 'release', 'meaning', 'provisions', 'announcement', 'strategy', 'industry', 'management', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'Investors', 'date', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence', 'Email', 'Shareholders', 'truststamp', 'Tel']",2022-02-24,2022-02-24,finance.yahoo.com
231,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-investments-announcement-consent-solicitations-014500143.html,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations,"THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF (I) ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 (""EU MAR"") AND (II) EU MAR AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (EUWA) (""UK MAR"").","THIS ANNOUNCEMENT RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES OF (I) ARTICLE 7 OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014 (""EU MAR"") AND (II) EU MAR AS IT FORMS PART OF UK DOMESTIC LAW BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018 (EUWA) (""UK MAR"").",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'UK DOMESTIC LAW', 'UK MAR', 'EU MAR', 'IT FORMS', 'EUROPEAN UNION', 'WITHDRAWAL) ACT', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'DISCLOSURE', 'PURPOSES', 'ARTICLE', 'THE', 'PART', 'VIRTUE', 'EUWA']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,finance.yahoo.com
232,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Investments – Announcement of Consent Solicitations https://t.co/cMykN7TjF9,nan,Euroclear Investments – Announcement of Consent Solicitations https://t.co/cMykN7TjF9,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent\xa0Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'Euroclear Investments', 'Consent\xa0Solicitations', 'Announcement']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,Unknown
233,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@nidhiprakash Unplug the banks from Euroclear and Clearstream. Then Central Counterparts  The Central Securities De… https://t.co/qKZMv80jN4,nan,@nidhiprakash Unplug the banks from Euroclear and Clearstream. Then Central Counterparts  The Central Securities De… https://t.co/qKZMv80jN4,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['The Central Securities De', 'Central Counterparts', 'banks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'qKZMv80jN4', 'The Central Securities De', 'Central Counterparts', 'banks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'qKZMv80jN4']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
234,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Missed a trick by not excluding Russia from SWIFT and Euroclear networks. Very easy to do and would make life very… https://t.co/4LJs7TwWG0,nan,Missed a trick by not excluding Russia from SWIFT and Euroclear networks. Very easy to do and would make life very… https://t.co/4LJs7TwWG0,mixed,0.52,0.01,0.47,mixed,0.52,0.01,0.47,True,English,"['Euroclear networks', 'trick', 'Russia', 'SWIFT', 'life', 'LJs7TwWG0', 'Euroclear networks', 'trick', 'Russia', 'SWIFT', 'life', 'LJs7TwWG0']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
235,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations - https://t.co/A9L6POBb2b,nan,Euroclear Investments - Announcement of Consent Solicitations - https://t.co/A9L6POBb2b,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'A9L6POBb2b', 'Euroclear Investments', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Announcement', 'A9L6POBb2b']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
236,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,C$135.66 - #FreeShipping | These sales are too hot to handle  Antennas Direct ClearStream Juice VHF/UHF… https://t.co/JwbcWdMHgd,nan,C$135.66 - #FreeShipping | These sales are too hot to handle  Antennas Direct ClearStream Juice VHF/UHF… https://t.co/JwbcWdMHgd,neutral,0.05,0.76,0.19,neutral,0.05,0.76,0.19,True,English,"['Antennas Direct ClearStream Juice VHF/UHF', 'sales', 'JwbcWdMHgd', 'Antennas Direct ClearStream Juice VHF/UHF', 'sales', 'JwbcWdMHgd']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
237,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Vince4469 @SaiyanBio @antoinellorca @CalmettesHelene C'est peanuts Clearstream,nan,@Vince4469 @SaiyanBio @antoinellorca @CalmettesHelene C'est peanuts Clearstream,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['CalmettesHelene C', 'Vince4469', 'SaiyanBio', 'antoinellorca', 'peanuts', 'CalmettesHelene C', 'Vince4469', 'SaiyanBio', 'antoinellorca', 'peanuts']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
238,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@UwDienstwillige @alainmoutonVL Clearstream,nan,@UwDienstwillige @alainmoutonVL Clearstream,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['alainmoutonVL Clearstream', 'UwDienstwillige', 'alainmoutonVL Clearstream', 'UwDienstwillige']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
239,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Un mot : Clearstream 2 #SpecialeUkraineFrance2 https://t.co/c8KMboF4lW,nan,Un mot : Clearstream 2 #SpecialeUkraineFrance2 https://t.co/c8KMboF4lW,neutral,0.17,0.64,0.19,neutral,0.17,0.64,0.19,True,English,"['Un mot', 'Clearstream', 'SpecialeUkraineFrance2', 'c8KMboF4lW', 'Un mot', 'Clearstream', 'SpecialeUkraineFrance2', 'c8KMboF4lW']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
240,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@nidhiprakash Unplug the banks from Euroclear and Clearstream. Then Central Counterparts  The Central Securities De… https://t.co/qKZMv80jN4,nan,@nidhiprakash Unplug the banks from Euroclear and Clearstream. Then Central Counterparts  The Central Securities De… https://t.co/qKZMv80jN4,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['The Central Securities De', 'Central Counterparts', 'banks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'qKZMv80jN4', 'The Central Securities De', 'Central Counterparts', 'banks', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'qKZMv80jN4']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
241,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.boerse-online.de/nachrichten/aktien/dgap-news-demire-deutsche-mittelstand-real-estate-ag-demire-leases-to-recruitment-agency-tertia-in-dusseldorf-bnp-paribas-real-estate-advices-1031230710,DGAP-News: DEMIRE Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG: DEMIRE leases to recruitment agency TERTIA in Dusseldorf - BNP Paribas Real Estate advices,DGAP-News: DEMIRE Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG / Key word(s): Real Estate DEMIRE Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG: DEMIRE,DGAP-News: DEMIRE Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG / Key word(s): Real Estate DEMIRE Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG: DEMIRE,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['DEMIRE Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG', 'BNP Paribas Real Estate advices', 'DEMIRE leases', 'recruitment agency', 'DGAP-News', 'TERTIA', 'Dusseldorf', 'DEMIRE Deutsche Mittelstand Real Estate AG', 'DGAP-News']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,boerse-online.de
242,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 on our website from today.We've created ind… https://t.co/ceFclvWmnF,nan,Learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 on our website from today.We've created ind… https://t.co/ceFclvWmnF,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.02,neutral,0.16,0.82,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'website', 'today', 'ceFclvWmnF', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'website', 'today', 'ceFclvWmnF']",2022-02-24,2022-03-01,Unknown
243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cellectis-hold-fourth-quarter-2021-213500824.html,Cellectis to Hold Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call on Friday March 4  2022 at 8:00AM EST,NEW YORK  Feb. 24  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering...,NEW YORK  Feb. 24  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - Nasdaq: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving… [+4684 chars],neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call', 'Cellectis', 'Friday', 'March', '8:00AM', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'Cellectis', 'ALCLS', 'Nasdaq', 'CLLS', '4684 chars']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-receives-initial-chmp-assessment-060000807.html,Valneva Receives Initial CHMP Assessment of its Inactivated  Adjuvanted COVID-19 Vaccine Candidate VLA2001,Saint Herblain (France)  February 25  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Committee ...,Saint Herblain (France)  February25  2022 Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) o… [+6397 chars],neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Inactivated, Adjuvanted COVID-19 Vaccine Candidate VLA2001', 'Initial CHMP Assessment', 'Valneva', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Saint Herblain', 'Valneva SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'Medicinal Products', 'Human Use', 'France', 'February25', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'Committee', 'CHMP', '6397 chars']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,finance.yahoo.com
245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-report-full-2021-213000469.html,DBV Technologies to Report Full Year 2021 Financial Results and Business Updates on March 3  2022,Montrouge  France  February 24  2022 DBV Technologies to Report Full Year 2021 Financial Results and Business Updates on March 3  2022 DBV Technologies...,Montrouge  France  February 24  2022DBV Technologies to Report Full Year 2021 Financial Results and Business Updates on March 3  2022DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV ISIN: FR0010417345 Nasdaq Stoc… [+1839 chars],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Full Year 2021 Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'Business Updates', 'March', 'Full Year 2021 Financial Results', 'DBV Technologies', 'Business Updates', 'DBV ISIN', 'Nasdaq Stoc', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'March', 'Euronext', '1839 chars']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.realvision.com/podcast/realvision/episode/06f908ae-82ab-11ec-9bcf-17ad60e6a4f6,Russia's Invasion of Ukraine Shocks Global Markets,Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has shocked global financial markets  highlighted by a 31% spike in the spot price for European natural gas. Brent crude oil crossed the psychologically significant $100-per-barrel mark  and the May 2022 Euronext wheat contract su…,Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has shocked global financial markets  highlighted by a 31% spike in the spot price for European natural gas. Brent crude oil crossed the psychologically significant $100-per-barrel mark  and the May 2022 Euronext wheat contract su…,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Global Markets', 'Russia', 'Invasion', 'Ukraine', 'May 2022 Euronext wheat contract', 'global financial markets', 'European natural gas', 'Brent crude oil', 'spot price', 'barrel mark', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', '31% spike']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,realvision.com
247,EuroNext,Google API,https://financefeeds.com/iress-expands-infrastructure-new-euronext-data-center-italy/,Iress expands infrastructure to new Euronext data center in Italy,16 hours ago,16 hours ago,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['new Euronext data center', 'Iress', 'infrastructure', 'Italy']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,financefeeds.com
248,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-milling-wheat-futures-soar-on-Russian-invasion-of-Ukraine-20822.html,Euronext milling wheat futures soar on Russian invasion of ...,18 hours ago,18 hours ago,negative,0.01,0.48,0.51,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext milling wheat futures', 'Russian invasion']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,agricensus.com
249,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-milling-wheat-futures-close-higher-on-Russian-invasion-of-Ukraine-20840.html,Euronext milling wheat futures close higher on Russian ...,13 hours ago,13 hours ago,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext milling wheat futures', 'Russian']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,agricensus.com
250,EuroNext,Bing API,https://electricenergyonline.com/article/energy/category/hydro/86/946782/voltalia-builds-a-hydroelectric-plant-in-northern-brazil.html,Voltalia builds a hydroelectric plant in northern Brazil,Voltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces today (Feb 24) the launch of the third phase of the Oiapoque site in Brazil with the constru.,Voltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces today (Feb 24) the launch of the third phase of the Oiapoque site in Brazil with the constru.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['hydroelectric plant', 'northern Brazil', 'Voltalia', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'third phase', 'Oiapoque site', 'Voltalia', 'Feb', 'launch', 'Brazil', 'constru']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,electricenergyonline.com
251,EuroNext,Bing API,https://apnews.com/press-release/globe-newswire/coronavirus-pandemic-technology-health-business-europe-5a6538c89102e6ad4592aacf89bae82a,Valneva Receives Initial CHMP Assessment of its Inactivated  Adjuvanted COVID-19 Vaccine Candidate VLA2001,Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has provided an initial assessment of Valneva’s inactivated ,Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) has provided an initial assessment of Valneva’s inactivated ,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Inactivated, Adjuvanted COVID-19 Vaccine Candidate VLA2001', 'Initial CHMP Assessment', 'Valneva', 'specialty vaccine company', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Euronext Paris', 'Medicinal Products', 'Human Use', 'initial assessment', 'Valneva SE', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'Committee', 'CHMP', 'EMA']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,apnews.com
252,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.brecorder.com/news/40156988/paris-wheat-hits-record-highs,Paris wheat hits record highs,PARIS: Euronext wheat soared to record highs on Thursday as a Russian invasion of Ukraine fueled fears that massive exports through the Black Sea could be curtailed. Benchmark May wheat futures rose as much as 16%  the biggest-ever intraday gain for ...,PARIS: Euronext wheat soared to record highs on Thursday as a Russian invasion of Ukraine fueled fears that massive exports through the Black Sea could be curtailed. Benchmark May wheat futures rose as much as 16%  the biggest-ever intraday gain for ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.38,0.12,0.5,True,English,"['Paris wheat', 'record highs', 'May wheat futures', 'Euronext wheat', 'Russian invasion', 'massive exports', 'Black Sea', 'intraday gain', 'PARIS', 'highs', 'Thursday', 'Ukraine', 'fears', 'Benchmark', 'biggest']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,brecorder.com
253,EuroNext,Bing API,https://money.usnews.com/investing/news/articles/2022-02-24/london-stock-exchange-expands-stocks-clearing-in-paris,London Stock Exchange Expands Stocks Clearing in Paris,Connecting with two trading platforms inside the bloc will help bring in more volume to LCH in Paris as it faces a loss of business from pan-European exchange Euronext. Euronext has said it will ...,Connecting with two trading platforms inside the bloc will help bring in more volume to LCH in Paris as it faces a loss of business from pan-European exchange Euronext. Euronext has said it will ...,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange', 'Stocks Clearing', 'Paris', 'two trading platforms', 'pan-European exchange Euronext', 'bloc', 'volume', 'LCH', 'Paris', 'loss', 'business']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,money.usnews.com
254,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-2021-annual-results-170000973.html,PCAS: 2021 ANNUAL RESULTS,ANNUAL RESULTS PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated results as of December 31 ,ANNUAL RESULTS PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated results as of December 31 ,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['2021 ANNUAL RESULTS', 'PCAS', 'ANNUAL RESULTS PCAS', 'consolidated results', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'specialist', 'publication', 'December']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,finance.yahoo.com
255,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @UNEP_Europe  @anbordpleanala O'Boyle's I… https://t.co/JBxk9ypR7P,nan,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @UNEP_Europe  @anbordpleanala O'Boyle's I… https://t.co/JBxk9ypR7P,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"[""O'Boyle"", 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'UNEP_Europe', 'anbordpleanala', 'JBxk9ypR7P', ""O'Boyle"", 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'UNEP_Europe', 'anbordpleanala', 'JBxk9ypR7P']",2022-02-25,2022-02-25,Unknown
256,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Wheat markets reacted strongly to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine overnight  as Euronext (Paris) wheat futures surged… https://t.co/nQd3Ig63xi,nan,Wheat markets reacted strongly to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine overnight  as Euronext (Paris) wheat futures surged… https://t.co/nQd3Ig63xi,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['Paris) wheat futures', 'Wheat markets', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Euronext', 'nQd3Ig63xi', 'Paris) wheat futures', 'Wheat markets', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Euronext', 'nQd3Ig63xi']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
257,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Has published an equity research update on @drone_volt @Aerialtronics  list on the #Euronext #Paris … https://t.co/uQWXhZpneU,nan,Has published an equity research update on @drone_volt @Aerialtronics  list on the #Euronext #Paris … https://t.co/uQWXhZpneU,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['equity research update', 'Aerialtronics', 'list', 'Paris', 'uQWXhZpneU', 'equity research update', 'Aerialtronics', 'list', 'Paris', 'uQWXhZpneU']",2022-02-24,2022-02-25,Unknown
258,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/systemair-nomination-committee-143000707.html,Systemair Nomination Committee,At the annual meeting on 25 August 2021 it was decided that the Nomination Committee should contain representatives for the three largest shareholders or shareholder groups in terms of votes  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's printout of the share register on 31 January 2021.,At the annual meeting on 25 August 2021 it was decided that the Nomination Committee should contain representatives for the three largest shareholders or shareholder groups in terms of votes  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's printout of the share register on 31 January 2021.,neutral,0.33,0.59,0.08,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Systemair Nomination Committee', 'three largest shareholders', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual meeting', 'Nomination Committee', 'shareholder groups', 'share register', '25 August', 'representatives', 'terms', 'votes', 'printout', '31 January']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,uk.finance.yahoo.com
259,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@JosepBorrellF Metals nextTimberFertilizerEuroclear/NSDClearing HousesPrime BrokerInvestment bankingFreezing more assets.,nan,@JosepBorrellF Metals nextTimberFertilizerEuroclear/NSDClearing HousesPrime BrokerInvestment bankingFreezing more assets.,neutral,0.16,0.72,0.12,neutral,0.16,0.72,0.12,True,English,"['JosepBorrellF Metals', 'Timber Fertilizer', 'Clearing Houses', 'Prime Broker', 'Investment banking', 'Euroclear/NSD', 'assets', 'JosepBorrellF Metals', 'Timber Fertilizer', 'Clearing Houses', 'Prime Broker', 'Investment banking', 'Euroclear/NSD', 'assets']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
260,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Want to improve your bank’s culture? Start by enforcing punctuality. #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/7J1zuuPExi #regtech,nan,Want to improve your bank’s culture? Start by enforcing punctuality. #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/7J1zuuPExi #regtech,positive,0.75,0.22,0.03,positive,0.75,0.22,0.03,True,English,"['bank', 'culture', 'punctuality', 'Fintech', 'J1zuuPExi', 'regtech', 'bank', 'culture', 'punctuality', 'Fintech', 'J1zuuPExi', 'regtech']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
261,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New ICBA chair's plan to fight regulation  credit union tax exemption #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/bGLkeKzbS2 #regtech,nan,New ICBA chair's plan to fight regulation  credit union tax exemption #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/bGLkeKzbS2 #regtech,negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,negative,0.0,0.44,0.56,True,English,"['credit union tax exemption', 'New ICBA chair', 'plan', 'regulation', 'Fintech', 'bGLkeKzbS2', 'regtech', 'credit union tax exemption', 'New ICBA chair', 'plan', 'regulation', 'Fintech', 'bGLkeKzbS2', 'regtech']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
262,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,What's happening with Russian securities custodied in  ICSDs such as Euroclear and Clearstream?,nan,What's happening with Russian securities custodied in  ICSDs such as Euroclear and Clearstream?,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'ICSDs', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Russian securities', 'ICSDs', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
263,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear is committed to working towards an ever more resilient and efficient European #settlement landscape. Watc… https://t.co/KPDaNPreOQ,nan,Euroclear is committed to working towards an ever more resilient and efficient European #settlement landscape. Watc… https://t.co/KPDaNPreOQ,positive,0.81,0.13,0.06,positive,0.81,0.13,0.06,True,English,"['efficient European #settlement landscape', 'Euroclear', 'resilient', 'Watc', 'KPDaNPreOQ', 'efficient European #settlement landscape', 'Euroclear', 'resilient', 'Watc', 'KPDaNPreOQ']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
264,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#euroclearAre you going to follow Clearstream's example today with regard to the RUB?,nan,#euroclearAre you going to follow Clearstream's example today with regard to the RUB?,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'example', 'regard', 'RUB', 'euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'example', 'regard', 'RUB']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
265,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/2b3d25c6-b335-4e23-b300-ef470428b2bd,Ukraine war latest: Zelensky pledges to join Kyiv residents in defending independence,“Peaceful residents  be careful. Do not leave the house.” Clearstream  one of the world’s largest central securities depositories  has cut off settlement of trades in roubles as financial institutions began to sever Russia from global market,“Peaceful residents  be careful. Do not leave the house.” Clearstream  one of the world’s largest central securities depositories  has cut off settlement of trades in roubles as financial institutions began to sever Russia from global market,negative,0.01,0.4,0.59,positive,0.76,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Ukraine war', 'Kyiv residents', 'Zelensky', 'independence', 'largest central securities depositories', 'Peaceful residents', 'financial institutions', 'global market', 'house', 'Clearstream', 'world', 'settlement', 'trades', 'roubles', 'Russia']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,ft.com
266,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/ae865a6e-2b12-4a4f-9531-32e048a67fc3,Western sanctions disrupt traders’ ability to buy and sell Russian assets,Investors’ ability to buy and sell Russians assets such as stocks and bonds has deteriorated sharply in a sign that western sanctions are eroding the country’s links to foreign capital markets. Clearstream ,Investors’ ability to buy and sell Russians assets such as stocks and bonds has deteriorated sharply in a sign that western sanctions are eroding the country’s links to foreign capital markets. Clearstream ,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Western sanctions', 'traders’ ability', 'Russian assets', 'foreign capital markets', 'Investors’ ability', 'Russians assets', 'western sanctions', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'sign', 'country', 'links', 'Clearstream']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,ft.com
267,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@JPSHAFF Clearstream is blocking rub clearing,nan,@JPSHAFF Clearstream is blocking rub clearing,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['rub clearing', 'rub clearing']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
268,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Clearstream Thanks for doing the right thing  and ceasing settlement in transactions involving the Russian rouble … https://t.co/1OBZxAo2zE,nan,@Clearstream Thanks for doing the right thing  and ceasing settlement in transactions involving the Russian rouble … https://t.co/1OBZxAo2zE,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['right thing', 'Russian rouble', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'transactions', 'OBZxAo2zE', 'right thing', 'Russian rouble', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'transactions', 'OBZxAo2zE']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
269,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@gaborgurbacs Clearstream is not settling RUB,nan,@gaborgurbacs Clearstream is not settling RUB,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,True,English,"['gaborgurbacs Clearstream', 'RUB', 'gaborgurbacs Clearstream', 'RUB']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
270,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,RUB rejection at Clearstream.https://t.co/ku5YDXs6j3,nan,RUB rejection at Clearstream.https://t.co/ku5YDXs6j3,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['RUB rejection', 'Clearstream', 'ku5YDXs6j3', 'RUB rejection', 'Clearstream', 'ku5YDXs6j3']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
271,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream halts settlement in Russian roubles   👍 https://t.co/o0KykjnxUI via @FinancialTimes,nan,Clearstream halts settlement in Russian roubles   ?? https://t.co/o0KykjnxUI via @FinancialTimes,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Russian roubles', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'o0KykjnxUI', 'Russian roubles', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'o0KykjnxUI']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
272,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Banking informs customers that bridge settlement for all Russian domestic securities in all currencies… https://t.co/WoWIl2oJ15,nan,Clearstream Banking informs customers that bridge settlement for all Russian domestic securities in all currencies… https://t.co/WoWIl2oJ15,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Russian domestic securities', 'Clearstream Banking', 'customers', 'settlement', 'currencies', 'WoWIl2oJ15', 'Russian domestic securities', 'Clearstream Banking', 'customers', 'settlement', 'currencies', 'WoWIl2oJ15']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
273,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,What's happening with Russian securities custodied in  ICSDs such as Euroclear and Clearstream?,nan,What's happening with Russian securities custodied in  ICSDs such as Euroclear and Clearstream?,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'ICSDs', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Russian securities', 'ICSDs', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
274,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream halts settlement in Russian roubles https://t.co/8mRrOEUV4W via @financialtimes,nan,Clearstream halts settlement in Russian roubles https://t.co/8mRrOEUV4W via @financialtimes,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Russian roubles', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', '8mRrOEUV4W', 'Russian roubles', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', '8mRrOEUV4W']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
275,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#euroclearAre you going to follow Clearstream's example today with regard to the RUB?,nan,#euroclearAre you going to follow Clearstream's example today with regard to the RUB?,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'example', 'regard', 'RUB', 'euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'example', 'regard', 'RUB']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
276,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream halts settlement in Russian roubles. via @FT #PutinIsaWarCriminal https://t.co/W5CpNpYGvH,nan,Clearstream halts settlement in Russian roubles. via @FT #PutinIsaWarCriminal https://t.co/W5CpNpYGvH,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Russian roubles', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'PutinIsaWarCriminal', 'W5CpNpYGvH', 'Russian roubles', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'PutinIsaWarCriminal', 'W5CpNpYGvH']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
277,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://za.investing.com/equities/dt-boerse,Deutsche Boerse AG (DB1Gn),Information about the Deutsche Boerse AG Share. You can find more details by going to one of the sections under this page such as historical data  charts  technical analysis and others.,Information about the Deutsche Boerse AG Share. You can find more details by going to one of the sections under this page such as historical data  charts  technical analysis and others.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'DB1Gn', 'Deutsche Boerse AG Share', 'historical data', 'technical analysis', 'Information', 'details', 'sections', 'page', 'charts', 'others']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,za.investing.com
278,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.agricensus.com/Article/Euronext-milling-wheat-futures-open-lower-after-strong-gains-Thursday-20850.html,Euronext milling wheat futures open lower after strong gains ...,13 hours ago,13 hours ago,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext milling wheat futures', 'strong gains']",2022-02-26,2022-02-26,agricensus.com
279,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.style.yahoo.com/paris-wheat-drops-record-high-175004911.html,Paris wheat drops from record high as Ukraine war assessed,PARIS (Reuters) -Euronext wheat fell steeply on Friday  a day after prices hit a record high  as traders grappled with the potential consequences of Russia's invasion of fellow grain exporter Ukraine.,PARIS (Reuters) -Euronext wheat fell steeply on Friday  a day after prices hit a record high  as traders grappled with the potential consequences of Russia's invasion of fellow grain exporter Ukraine.,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.45,0.55,True,English,"['Paris wheat', 'record', 'Ukraine', 'war', 'fellow grain exporter', 'Euronext wheat', 'potential consequences', 'PARIS', 'Reuters', 'Friday', 'prices', 'traders', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,uk.style.yahoo.com
280,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.news.yahoo.com/paris-wheat-drops-record-high-175004911.html,Paris wheat drops from record high as investors assess Ukraine war,Euronext wheat fell steeply on Friday  a day after prices hit a record high  as traders grappled with the potential consequences of Russia's invasion of fellow grain exporter Ukraine. Benchmark May wheat on Euronext slipped below the psychological 300-euro threshold ,Euronext wheat fell steeply on Friday  a day after prices hit a record high  as traders grappled with the potential consequences of Russia's invasion of fellow grain exporter Ukraine. Benchmark May wheat on Euronext slipped below the psychological 300-euro threshold ,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Paris wheat', 'Ukraine war', 'investors', 'fellow grain exporter', 'potential consequences', 'May wheat', '300-euro threshold', 'Euronext wheat', 'Friday', 'prices', 'record', 'traders', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'Benchmark', 'psychological']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,ca.news.yahoo.com
281,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-02/55349284-heineken-holding-nv-heineken-holding-n-v-publishes-annual-report-2021-399.htm,HEINEKEN Holding NV: Heineken Holding N.V. publishes annual report 2021,Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) today announced that it has published its 2021 Annual Report. The annual report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available,Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) today announced that it has published its 2021 Annual Report. The annual report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'HEINEKEN Holding NV', 'annual report', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', '2021 Annual Report', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,finanznachrichten.de
282,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-holding-n-v-publishes-170300031.html,Heineken Holding N.V. publishes annual report 2021,Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) today announced that it has published its 2021 Annual Report. The annual report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available on the website:  -ENDS- PRESS ENQUIRIES Media Heineken Holding N.,Heineken Holding N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIO; OTCQX: HKHHY) today announced that it has published its 2021 Annual Report. The annual report of Heineken Holding N.V. is available on the website:  -ENDS- PRESS ENQUIRIES Media Heineken Holding N.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Heineken Holding N.V.', 'annual report', 'ENDS- PRESS ENQUIRIES Media Heineken Holding N.', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', '2021 Annual Report', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIO', 'OTCQX', 'HKHHY', 'website']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,finance.yahoo.com
283,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lse.co.uk/rns/CRN/cairn-homes-plc-notice-of-2021-preliminary-results-6baghhgyovq17nx.html?page=9,Cairn Homes Regulatory News,"Dublin/London  25 February 2022: Cairn Homes plc (""Cairn""  or the ""Company"") (Euronext Dublin/LSE: CRN) will issue its full year results for the year ended 31 December 2021 on Thursday  3 March 2022. The results will be available on the Company's website ...","Dublin/London  25 February 2022: Cairn Homes plc (""Cairn""  or the ""Company"") (Euronext Dublin/LSE: CRN) will issue its full year results for the year ended 31 December 2021 on Thursday  3 March 2022. The results will be available on the Company's website ...",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Cairn Homes Regulatory News', 'Cairn Homes plc', 'full year results', 'Euronext Dublin/LSE', 'London', '25 February', 'Company', 'CRN', 'Thursday', 'March', 'website']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,lse.co.uk
284,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European markets far higher on Friday  02/25/2022: Euronext 100 +3.18% at 1 275.75  lower for the week  Euro… https://t.co/Gezh9hBZPW,nan,Other European markets far higher on Friday  02/25/2022: Euronext 100 +3.18% at 1 275.75  lower for the week  Euro… https://t.co/Gezh9hBZPW,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,True,English,"['Other European markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'Gezh9hBZPW', 'Other European markets', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'Gezh9hBZPW']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
285,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@NoviceTraderFTW @business The top financial markets in the world include: the NYSE  the Nasdaq  Euronext  London S… https://t.co/SdBwVdmoyO,nan,@NoviceTraderFTW @business The top financial markets in the world include: the NYSE  the Nasdaq  Euronext  London S… https://t.co/SdBwVdmoyO,neutral,0.29,0.7,0.01,neutral,0.29,0.7,0.01,True,English,"['top financial markets', 'London S', 'NoviceTraderFTW', 'business', 'world', 'NYSE', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'SdBwVdmoyO', 'top financial markets', 'London S', 'NoviceTraderFTW', 'business', 'world', 'NYSE', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'SdBwVdmoyO']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
286,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.75  score +214  credit rating B,nan,Euronext (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.75  score +214  credit rating B,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['credit rating', 'Euronext', 'ENX', 'PA', 'credit rating', 'Euronext', 'ENX', 'PA']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
287,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext N.V (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.75  score +214  credit rating B,nan,Euronext N.V (#ENX.PA) closed at 79.75  score +214  credit rating B,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext N.V', 'credit rating', 'PA', 'Euronext N.V', 'credit rating', 'PA']",2022-02-25,2022-02-28,Unknown
288,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@vision_0_tech @NYSE @ICE_Markets @euronext @HomesteadMiami @SPEED @fia @FIAFormulaE @NASCAR_Trucks @Ford @NASCAR… https://t.co/ikLnVuxuic,nan,@vision_0_tech @NYSE @ICE_Markets @euronext @HomesteadMiami @SPEED @fia @FIAFormulaE @NASCAR_Trucks @Ford @NASCAR… https://t.co/ikLnVuxuic,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['vision_0_tech', 'NYSE', 'ICE_Markets', 'euronext', 'HomesteadMiami', 'SPEED', 'fia', 'NASCAR_Trucks', 'Ford', 'ikLnVuxuic', 'vision_0_tech', 'NYSE', 'ICE_Markets', 'euronext', 'HomesteadMiami', 'SPEED', 'fia', 'NASCAR_Trucks', 'Ford', 'ikLnVuxuic']",2022-02-25,2022-02-27,Unknown
289,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Acquisition Action EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS23 septembre 2021Euronext ParisMICHAIL ZEKKOS  AdministrateurAcquisition… https://t.co/RxEWqYTlUo,nan,Acquisition Action EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS23 septembre 2021Euronext ParisMICHAIL ZEKKOS  AdministrateurAcquisition… https://t.co/RxEWqYTlUo,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS', 'Euronext Paris', 'MICHAIL ZEKKOS', 'Acquisition Action', '23 septembre', 'Administrateur', 'RxEWqYTlUo', 'EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS', 'Euronext Paris', 'MICHAIL ZEKKOS', 'Acquisition Action', '23 septembre', 'Administrateur', 'RxEWqYTlUo']",2022-02-25,2022-02-27,Unknown
290,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Acquisition Action EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS23 septembre 2021Euronext ParisPIERRE POZZO  AdministrateurAcquisitionAc… https://t.co/z1qczWRc5l,nan,Acquisition Action EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS23 septembre 2021Euronext ParisPIERRE POZZO  AdministrateurAcquisitionAc… https://t.co/z1qczWRc5l,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS', 'Euronext Paris', 'PIERRE POZZO', 'Acquisition Action', '23 septembre', 'Administrateur', 'z1qczWRc5l', 'EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS', 'Euronext Paris', 'PIERRE POZZO', 'Acquisition Action', '23 septembre', 'Administrateur', 'z1qczWRc5l']",2022-02-25,2022-02-27,Unknown
291,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#OATT #CBOT #Euronext Market prices update today as at 10.45 hrs GMT (@RefinitivAgri) https://t.co/fdZ7il72XD,nan,#OATT #CBOT #Euronext Market prices update today as at 10.45 hrs GMT (@RefinitivAgri) https://t.co/fdZ7il72XD,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['OATT #CBOT', 'Market prices', '10.45 hrs GMT', 'Euronext', 'RefinitivAgri', 'fdZ7il72XD', 'OATT #CBOT', 'Market prices', '10.45 hrs GMT', 'Euronext', 'RefinitivAgri', 'fdZ7il72XD']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
292,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext is an accelerator of growth at European scale. That’s why  earlier this month  CEO of Euronext  Stephane B… https://t.co/hdq6VJLLXf,nan,Euronext is an accelerator of growth at European scale. That’s why  earlier this month  CEO of Euronext  Stephane B… https://t.co/hdq6VJLLXf,positive,0.71,0.23,0.06,positive,0.71,0.23,0.06,True,English,"['European scale', 'Stephane B', 'Euronext', 'accelerator', 'growth', 'CEO', 'hdq6VJLLXf', 'European scale', 'Stephane B', 'Euronext', 'accelerator', 'growth', 'CEO', 'hdq6VJLLXf']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
293,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext May #wheat down 2.5% at 307.00 euros/t in opening trade after Thursday's record high.,nan,Euronext May #wheat down 2.5% at 307.00 euros/t in opening trade after Thursday's record high.,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,True,English,"['Euronext May', 'opening trade', '307.00 euros', 'Thursday', 'Euronext May', 'opening trade', '307.00 euros', 'Thursday']",2022-02-25,2022-02-26,Unknown
294,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@nickhedley @Naspers Perhaps a question better directed to @euronext_nl where @Prosusgroup - the relevant related c… https://t.co/ydBzRbhUoj,nan,@nickhedley @Naspers Perhaps a question better directed to @euronext_nl where @Prosusgroup - the relevant related c… https://t.co/ydBzRbhUoj,positive,0.71,0.21,0.08,positive,0.71,0.21,0.08,True,English,"['nickhedley', 'Naspers', 'question', 'ydBzRbhUoj', 'nickhedley', 'Naspers', 'question', 'ydBzRbhUoj']",2022-02-26,2022-02-28,Unknown
295,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie The Beast awoke when @GweebarraG was born! Keep her lit! ✊🏽,nan,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie The Beast awoke when @GweebarraG was born! Keep her lit! ???,neutral,0.14,0.78,0.08,neutral,0.14,0.78,0.08,True,English,"['The Beast', 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', '✊', 'The Beast', 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', '✊']",2022-02-26,2022-02-28,Unknown
296,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP  @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie 'An Claonghort' on the Gweebarra River … https://t.co/BLxZTIyPdG,nan,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP  @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie 'An Claonghort' on the Gweebarra River … https://t.co/BLxZTIyPdG,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['An Claonghort', 'Gweebarra River', 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'BLxZTIyPdG', 'An Claonghort', 'Gweebarra River', 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'BLxZTIyPdG']",2022-02-26,2022-02-28,Unknown
297,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,NYSE composite index  NASDAQ composite index  Shanghai Stock Exchange  Nikkei 225  and Euronext NV have all been to… https://t.co/8WQrYbiYh2,nan,NYSE composite index  NASDAQ composite index  Shanghai Stock Exchange  Nikkei 225  and Euronext NV have all been to… https://t.co/8WQrYbiYh2,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NYSE composite index', 'NASDAQ composite index', 'Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'Euronext NV', 'Nikkei', '8WQrYbiYh2', 'NYSE composite index', 'NASDAQ composite index', 'Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'Euronext NV', 'Nikkei', '8WQrYbiYh2']",2022-02-26,2022-02-28,Unknown
298,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,TAXEN HAVEN usage:RUSSIA = BVI / CYPRUSSWITZERLAND = JERSEY US / JAPAN = IRELAND  is greater than  LUXEMBOURGEUROCLEAR = BELGIUM https://t.co/fRsHMZWDtH,nan,TAXEN HAVEN usage:RUSSIA = BVI / CYPRUSSWITZERLAND = JERSEY US / JAPAN = IRELAND  is greater than  LUXEMBOURGEUROCLEAR = BELGIUM https://t.co/fRsHMZWDtH,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['TAXEN HAVEN usage', 'RUSSIA', 'BVI', 'CYPRUS', 'SWITZERLAND', 'JERSEY', 'JAPAN', 'IRELAND', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'BELGIUM', 'fRsHMZWDtH', 'TAXEN HAVEN usage', 'RUSSIA', 'BVI', 'CYPRUS', 'SWITZERLAND', 'JERSEY', 'JAPAN', 'IRELAND', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'BELGIUM', 'fRsHMZWDtH']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
299,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@SMTuffy We are mere days away from trending discussions on here about the NSD’s omnibus account at Euroclear Bank,nan,@SMTuffy We are mere days away from trending discussions on here about the NSD’s omnibus account at Euroclear Bank,negative,0.07,0.31,0.62,negative,0.07,0.31,0.62,True,English,"['trending discussions', 'omnibus account', 'Euroclear Bank', 'SMTuffy', 'NSD', 'trending discussions', 'omnibus account', 'Euroclear Bank', 'SMTuffy', 'NSD']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
300,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@econhedge @M_PaulMcNamara EGB holdings held at euroclear I think,nan,@econhedge @M_PaulMcNamara EGB holdings held at euroclear I think,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['econhedge', 'euroclear', 'econhedge', 'euroclear']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
301,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@econhedge I think but am not 100% sure that USTs are held via Clearstream or Euroclear  but not sure to what degre… https://t.co/LCu1ZOV40z,nan,@econhedge I think but am not 100% sure that USTs are held via Clearstream or Euroclear  but not sure to what degre… https://t.co/LCu1ZOV40z,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['econhedge', 'USTs', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'LCu1ZOV40z', 'econhedge', 'USTs', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'LCu1ZOV40z']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
302,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,U.S.  EU will cut some Russian banks from SWIFT  target central bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/omKc3joxGg #regtech,nan,U.S.  EU will cut some Russian banks from SWIFT  target central bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/omKc3joxGg #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['U.S.', 'Russian banks', 'central bank', 'EU', 'SWIFT', 'Fintech', 'omKc3joxGg', 'regtech', 'U.S.', 'Russian banks', 'central bank', 'EU', 'SWIFT', 'Fintech', 'omKc3joxGg', 'regtech']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
303,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Western allies agree to disconnect some Russian banks from Swift #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/fiihImh03e #regtech,nan,Western allies agree to disconnect some Russian banks from Swift #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/fiihImh03e #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['Swift #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Western allies', 'Russian banks', 'Fintech', 'fiihImh03e', 'regtech', 'Swift #AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Western allies', 'Russian banks', 'Fintech', 'fiihImh03e', 'regtech']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
304,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@IENouwen Euroclear?,nan,@IENouwen Euroclear?,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['IENouwen', 'IENouwen']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
305,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@annmarie @SalehaMohsin @AlbertoNardelli What about :All exchange trading from Russian fed institutionsEuroclear… https://t.co/kfsBwyJz8o,nan,@annmarie @SalehaMohsin @AlbertoNardelli What about :All exchange trading from Russian fed institutionsEuroclear… https://t.co/kfsBwyJz8o,neutral,0.06,0.8,0.14,neutral,0.06,0.8,0.14,True,English,"['exchange trading', 'annmarie', 'SalehaMohsin', 'AlbertoNardelli', 'Russian', 'institutions', 'Euroclear', 'kfsBwyJz8o', 'exchange trading', 'annmarie', 'SalehaMohsin', 'AlbertoNardelli', 'Russian', 'institutions', 'Euroclear', 'kfsBwyJz8o']",2022-02-26,2022-02-28,Unknown
306,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@elinaribakova Check out 2018 data showing Russian drop but spike at same time in Belgium. Euroclear  which holds U… https://t.co/QG1LruvVIy,nan,@elinaribakova Check out 2018 data showing Russian drop but spike at same time in Belgium. Euroclear  which holds U… https://t.co/QG1LruvVIy,neutral,0.05,0.89,0.06,neutral,0.05,0.89,0.06,True,English,"['Russian drop', 'same time', 'elinaribakova', '2018 data', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'QG1LruvVIy', 'Russian drop', 'same time', 'elinaribakova', '2018 data', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'QG1LruvVIy']",2022-02-26,2022-02-28,Unknown
307,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@econhedge I think but am not 100% sure that USTs are held via Clearstream or Euroclear  but not sure to what degre… https://t.co/LCu1ZOV40z,nan,@econhedge I think but am not 100% sure that USTs are held via Clearstream or Euroclear  but not sure to what degre… https://t.co/LCu1ZOV40z,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['econhedge', 'USTs', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'LCu1ZOV40z', 'econhedge', 'USTs', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'LCu1ZOV40z']",2022-02-27,2022-03-01,Unknown
308,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream  one of the world’s largest central securities depositories  said it had cut off settlement of trades i… https://t.co/zs0Ru1ILSM,nan,Clearstream  one of the world’s largest central securities depositories  said it had cut off settlement of trades i… https://t.co/zs0Ru1ILSM,negative,0.05,0.34,0.61,negative,0.05,0.34,0.61,True,English,"['largest central securities depositories', 'Clearstream', 'world', 'settlement', 'trades', 'zs0Ru1ILSM', 'largest central securities depositories', 'Clearstream', 'world', 'settlement', 'trades', 'zs0Ru1ILSM']",2022-02-27,2022-03-01,Unknown
309,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream  one of the world’s largest central securities depositories  said it had cut off settlement of trades i… https://t.co/HqtunzI5kc,nan,Clearstream  one of the world’s largest central securities depositories  said it had cut off settlement of trades i… https://t.co/HqtunzI5kc,negative,0.05,0.34,0.61,negative,0.05,0.34,0.61,True,English,"['largest central securities depositories', 'Clearstream', 'world', 'settlement', 'trades', 'HqtunzI5kc', 'largest central securities depositories', 'Clearstream', 'world', 'settlement', 'trades', 'HqtunzI5kc']",2022-02-27,2022-03-01,Unknown
310,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@back9trader @varma_ashwin97 @ChrisO_wiki @PaulSonne @jonostrower No. They are custodied offshore  ie Clearstream.,nan,@back9trader @varma_ashwin97 @ChrisO_wiki @PaulSonne @jonostrower No. They are custodied offshore  ie Clearstream.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['jonostrower No.', 'back9trader', 'varma_ashwin97', 'ChrisO_wiki', 'PaulSonne', 'Clearstream', 'jonostrower No.', 'back9trader', 'varma_ashwin97', 'ChrisO_wiki', 'PaulSonne', 'Clearstream']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
311,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,C$152.63 - #FreeShipping | Shop now and enjoy great discounts!  ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna… https://t.co/JCetLYk1gG,nan,C$152.63 - #FreeShipping | Shop now and enjoy great discounts!  ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna… https://t.co/JCetLYk1gG,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna', 'great discounts', 'JCetLYk1gG', 'ClearStream 2V Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Antenna', 'great discounts', 'JCetLYk1gG']",2022-02-26,2022-02-28,Unknown
312,EuroNext,Bing API,https://sg.news.yahoo.com/efic1-egm-approves-business-combination-170000269.html,EFIC1 EGM Approves Business Combination With Azerion,The first day of listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam under the new name “Azerion Group N.V.” and ticker symbol “AZRN” expected to be 2 February 2022 Public disclosure of inside information in accordance with article 17(1) of the Regulation ...,The first day of listing and trading on Euronext Amsterdam under the new name “Azerion Group N.V.” and ticker symbol “AZRN” expected to be 2 February 2022 Public disclosure of inside information in accordance with article 17(1) of the Regulation ...,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['EFIC1 EGM', 'Business Combination', 'Azerion', 'Azerion Group N.V.', 'first day', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'new name', 'ticker symbol', 'Public disclosure', 'listing', 'trading', 'AZRN', '2 February', 'inside', 'information', 'article', 'Regulation']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,sg.news.yahoo.com
313,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP @MSCI_Inc @anbordpleanala @corporateknight @euronext_ieLinguists… https://t.co/k7aOv0dTAw,nan,@GweebarraG @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @CDP @MSCI_Inc @anbordpleanala @corporateknight @euronext_ieLinguists… https://t.co/k7aOv0dTAw,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'anbordpleanala', 'corporateknight', 'euronext_ie', 'Linguists', 'k7aOv0dTAw', 'GweebarraG', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'anbordpleanala', 'corporateknight', 'euronext_ie', 'Linguists', 'k7aOv0dTAw']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
314,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,I just uploaded “Price Volatility from Euronext - Term of the Week - The Spread - JLN” to #Vimeo: https://t.co/ui1sBsSHLO,nan,I just uploaded “Price Volatility from Euronext - Term of the Week - The Spread - JLN” to #Vimeo: https://t.co/ui1sBsSHLO,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Price Volatility', 'The Spread', 'Euronext', 'Term', 'Week', 'JLN', 'ui1sBsSHLO', 'Price Volatility', 'The Spread', 'Euronext', 'Term', 'Week', 'JLN', 'ui1sBsSHLO']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
315,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Watch “Price Volatility from Euronext - Term of the Week - The Spread - JLN” by @JohnLothian on #Vimeo https://t.co/ui1sBsSHLO,nan,Watch “Price Volatility from Euronext - Term of the Week - The Spread - JLN” by @JohnLothian on #Vimeo https://t.co/ui1sBsSHLO,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Price Volatility', 'The Spread', 'Euronext', 'Term', 'Week', 'JLN', 'ui1sBsSHLO', 'Price Volatility', 'The Spread', 'Euronext', 'Term', 'Week', 'JLN', 'ui1sBsSHLO']",2022-02-27,2022-02-28,Unknown
316,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Slug-change-for-story-on-Euroclear-severing-Russian-securities-from-financial-system--39609733/,Slug change for story on Euroclear severing Russian securities from financial system,11 hours ago,11 hours ago,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Slug change', 'Russian securities', 'financial system', 'story', 'Euroclear']",2022-03-01,2022-03-01,marketscreener.com
317,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.wsj.com/livecoverage/russia-ukraine-latest-news-2022-02-28/card/VSmUSSwcP2k92bY4qzoN,Dismantling Begins of Financial Infrastructure Used to Trade Russian Stocks and Bonds Abroad,Euroclear  a company that provides vital plumbing for financial markets  is set this week to prevent investors from clearing the buying and selling of ruble-priced stocks  bonds and other securities traded within and outside Russia.,Euroclear  a company that provides vital plumbing for financial markets  is set this week to prevent investors from clearing the buying and selling of ruble-priced stocks  bonds and other securities traded within and outside Russia.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Financial Infrastructure', 'Russian Stocks', 'Dismantling', 'Bonds', 'vital plumbing', 'financial markets', 'ruble-priced stocks', 'other securities', 'Euroclear', 'company', 'investors', 'buying', 'selling', 'bonds', 'Russia']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,wsj.com
318,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH #CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL… https://t.co/zgzpxHRenT,nan,#EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH #CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL… https://t.co/zgzpxHRenT,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'zgzpxHRenT', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'zgzpxHRenT']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
319,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@MarketInterest Apparently now euroclear won’t settle anything Russia related. So all sellers (both bonds and equit… https://t.co/f5MS7uXSL2,nan,@MarketInterest Apparently now euroclear won’t settle anything Russia related. So all sellers (both bonds and equit… https://t.co/f5MS7uXSL2,negative,0.33,0.29,0.38,negative,0.33,0.29,0.38,True,English,"['euroclear', 'Russia', 'sellers', 'bonds', 'equit', 'f5MS7uXSL2', 'euroclear', 'Russia', 'sellers', 'bonds', 'equit', 'f5MS7uXSL2']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
320,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/OB2pEdjJWd via FXEmpire #forex #fx,nan,Euroclear stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/OB2pEdjJWd via FXEmpire #forex #fx,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'OB2pEdjJWd', 'FXEmpire', 'Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'OB2pEdjJWd', 'FXEmpire']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
321,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,What does Euroclear Bank connecting to T2S mean for the EU capital market?Watch the vidoe now to find out:… https://t.co/vN4GbF9qV2,nan,What does Euroclear Bank connecting to T2S mean for the EU capital market?Watch the vidoe now to find out:… https://t.co/vN4GbF9qV2,neutral,0.13,0.81,0.06,neutral,0.13,0.81,0.06,True,English,"['EU capital market', 'Euroclear Bank', 'T2S', 'vidoe', 'vN4GbF9qV2', 'EU capital market', 'Euroclear Bank', 'T2S', 'vidoe', 'vN4GbF9qV2']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
322,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear settles transactions on pan-European exchange Euronext  as well as for the London Stock Exchange through… https://t.co/Xu4A4jEvvE,nan,Euroclear settles transactions on pan-European exchange Euronext  as well as for the London Stock Exchange through… https://t.co/Xu4A4jEvvE,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange', 'pan-European exchange', 'Euroclear', 'transactions', 'Euronext', 'Xu4A4jEvvE', 'London Stock Exchange', 'pan-European exchange', 'Euroclear', 'transactions', 'Euronext', 'Xu4A4jEvvE']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
323,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear says stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/OB2pEdjJWd via FXEmpire #forex #fx,nan,Euroclear says stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/OB2pEdjJWd via FXEmpire #forex #fx,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'OB2pEdjJWd', 'FXEmpire', 'forex', 'Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'OB2pEdjJWd', 'FXEmpire', 'forex']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
324,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,#Company_News_ Euroclear says stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/baHe7Lpbc9… https://t.co/l40sRsB53v,nan,#Company_News_ Euroclear says stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/baHe7Lpbc9… https://t.co/l40sRsB53v,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'l40sRsB53v', 'Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'l40sRsB53v']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
325,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear says stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/vjla5ILVbI https://t.co/B8P6FyPISK,nan,Euroclear says stops settling Russian domestic securities https://t.co/vjla5ILVbI https://t.co/B8P6FyPISK,neutral,0.02,0.84,0.14,neutral,0.02,0.84,0.14,True,English,"['Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'B8P6FyPISK', 'Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'B8P6FyPISK']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
326,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UKxJHFpDzp,nan,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UKxJHFpDzp,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,True,English,"['CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UKxJHFpDzp', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UKxJHFpDzp']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
327,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UJ1JtEFrVJ,nan,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UJ1JtEFrVJ,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,True,English,"['CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UJ1JtEFrVJ', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UJ1JtEFrVJ']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
328,Clearstream,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/europe-carves-russian-securities-financial-090444235.html,Europe carves out Russian securities from financial markets,Europe's financial market on Monday began severing Russia's ties to its critical plumbing for trading  clearing and settling securities as sanctions on Moscow started to bite. Euroclear in Brussels said it had closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking in Luxembourg for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions ,Europe's financial market on Monday began severing Russia's ties to its critical plumbing for trading  clearing and settling securities as sanctions on Moscow started to bite. Euroclear in Brussels said it had closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking in Luxembourg for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions ,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'financial markets', 'Europe', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'rival settlement house', 'financial market', 'critical plumbing', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Russian securities', 'Monday', 'trading', 'Moscow', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels', 'link', 'Luxembourg', 'trades', 'response']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,finance.yahoo.com
329,Clearstream,Bing API,https://sg.news.yahoo.com/euroclear-says-stops-settling-russian-090444650.html,Euroclear stops settling Russian domestic securities,Euroclear has closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions  it said on Monday. Brussels-based Euroclear and Clearstream ,Euroclear has closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions  it said on Monday. Brussels-based Euroclear and Clearstream ,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,True,English,"['Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'rival settlement house', 'Russian securities', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Brussels-based Euroclear', 'link', 'trades', 'response', 'Monday']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,sg.news.yahoo.com
330,Clearstream,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/euroclear-says-stops-settling-russian-090444650.html,Euroclear says stops settling Russian domestic securities,Euroclear said is has closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions. Brussels-based Euroclear and Clearstream ,Euroclear said is has closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions. Brussels-based Euroclear and Clearstream ,neutral,0.02,0.84,0.14,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['Russian domestic securities', 'Euroclear', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'rival settlement house', 'Russian securities', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Brussels-based Euroclear', 'link', 'trades', 'response']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,ca.sports.yahoo.com
331,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream no longer settles RUB trades... Now need to wait and see if LCH / CLS follow suit… https://t.co/Ew0KRe9aEs,nan,Clearstream no longer settles RUB trades... Now need to wait and see if LCH / CLS follow suit… https://t.co/Ew0KRe9aEs,neutral,0.09,0.83,0.08,neutral,0.09,0.83,0.08,True,English,"['RUB trades', 'Clearstream', 'LCH', 'CLS', 'suit', 'Ew0KRe9aEs', 'RUB trades', 'Clearstream', 'LCH', 'CLS', 'suit', 'Ew0KRe9aEs']",2022-02-28,2022-03-02,Unknown
332,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH #CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL… https://t.co/zgzpxHRenT,nan,#EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH #CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL… https://t.co/zgzpxHRenT,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'zgzpxHRenT', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'zgzpxHRenT']",2022-02-28,2022-03-02,Unknown
333,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream: Russia-related measureshttps://t.co/g8Vm9o7Wm6,nan,Clearstream: Russia-related measureshttps://t.co/g8Vm9o7Wm6,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Russia-related measures', 'Clearstream', 'Russia-related measures', 'Clearstream']",2022-02-28,2022-03-02,Unknown
334,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,"Update from Clearstream settlement house: ""With immediate effect the Russian Ruble (RUB) is no longer an eligible settlement currency""",nan,"Update from Clearstream settlement house: ""With immediate effect the Russian Ruble (RUB) is no longer an eligible settlement currency""",neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,True,English,"['Clearstream settlement house', 'eligible settlement currency', 'immediate effect', 'Russian Ruble', 'Update', 'Clearstream settlement house', 'eligible settlement currency', 'immediate effect', 'Russian Ruble', 'Update']",2022-02-28,2022-03-02,Unknown
335,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@EuroclearGroup said is has closed its link to rival settlement house @Clearstream Banking for settling trades in… https://t.co/Fi1fPcPDjN,nan,.@EuroclearGroup said is has closed its link to rival settlement house @Clearstream Banking for settling trades in… https://t.co/Fi1fPcPDjN,neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,True,English,"['settlement house', 'Clearstream Banking', 'EuroclearGroup', 'link', 'rival', 'trades', 'Fi1fPcPDjN', 'settlement house', 'Clearstream Banking', 'EuroclearGroup', 'link', 'rival', 'trades', 'Fi1fPcPDjN']",2022-02-28,2022-03-02,Unknown
336,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UKxJHFpDzp,nan,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UKxJHFpDzp,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,True,English,"['CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UKxJHFpDzp', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UKxJHFpDzp']",2022-02-28,2022-03-02,Unknown
337,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UJ1JtEFrVJ,nan,EUROCLEAR HAS ANNOUNCED THE CLOSING OF THE BRIDGE WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR THE SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUS… https://t.co/UJ1JtEFrVJ,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,neutral,0.03,0.86,0.11,True,English,"['CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UJ1JtEFrVJ', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'CLOSING', 'THE', 'BRIDGE', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ALL', 'UJ1JtEFrVJ']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
338,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,EUROCLEAR SAYS IT HAS CLOSED 'BRIDGE' WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUSSIAN DOMESTIC SE… https://t.co/EQmt4dArqd,nan,EUROCLEAR SAYS IT HAS CLOSED 'BRIDGE' WITH CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG FOR SETTLEMENT OF ALL RUSSIAN DOMESTIC SE… https://t.co/EQmt4dArqd,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['ALL RUSSIAN DOMESTIC SE', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'SETTLEMENT', 'EQmt4dArqd', 'ALL RUSSIAN DOMESTIC SE', 'CLEARSTREAM BANKING LUXEMBOURG', 'EUROCLEAR', 'SETTLEMENT', 'EQmt4dArqd']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
339,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear says it has closed 'bridge' with clearstream banking luxembourg for settlement of all russian domestic se… https://t.co/m28MRcHxKa,nan,Euroclear says it has closed 'bridge' with clearstream banking luxembourg for settlement of all russian domestic se… https://t.co/m28MRcHxKa,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['clearstream banking luxembourg', 'russian domestic se', 'Euroclear', 'bridge', 'settlement', 'm28MRcHxKa', 'clearstream banking luxembourg', 'russian domestic se', 'Euroclear', 'bridge', 'settlement', 'm28MRcHxKa']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
340,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@darrinlewisjr @swiftcommunity @Tradeteq @Clearstream Great Find Bro👍,nan,@darrinlewisjr @swiftcommunity @Tradeteq @Clearstream Great Find Bro??,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Clearstream Great Find Bro', 'darrinlewisjr', 'swiftcommunity', 'Tradeteq', 'Clearstream Great Find Bro', 'darrinlewisjr', 'swiftcommunity', 'Tradeteq']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
341,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Trying to imagine the Clearstream RM calling the PBOC tomorrow and telling them their UST holdings are totally fine… https://t.co/jHPaT4pFuD,nan,Trying to imagine the Clearstream RM calling the PBOC tomorrow and telling them their UST holdings are totally fine… https://t.co/jHPaT4pFuD,positive,0.78,0.02,0.2,positive,0.78,0.02,0.2,True,English,"['Clearstream RM', 'UST holdings', 'jHPaT4pFuD', 'Clearstream RM', 'UST holdings', 'jHPaT4pFuD']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
342,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20262841.html,Miner Suffers Fatal Injury at Berwind Mine,"""We... Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""Mineral Hill"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  and on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN"" wishes to announce that after careful...","""We... Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""Mineral Hill"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  and on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN"" wishes to announce that after careful...",negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Fatal Injury', 'Berwind Mine', 'Miner', 'Mineral Hill Industries Ltd', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'trading Symbol', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Company', 'TSXV', 'MHI', 'Frankfurt', 'MLN', 'careful']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,lelezard.com
343,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mineral-hill-gemsco-agree-termiate-225500382.html,MINERAL HILL AND GEMSCO AGREE TO TERMIATE THEIR MOU AND NEGOTIATE AN LOI UNDER AMENDED TERMS,"Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""Mineral Hill"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  and on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN"" wishes to announce that after careful consideration of all aspects of the non-binding Memorandum of Understanding (""MOU"") announced on November 17 ","Mineral Hill Industries Ltd. (""Mineral Hill"" or ""Company"")  listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (""TSXV"") under the trading Symbol ""MHI""  and on the Deutsche Boerse  Frankfurt under the trading Symbol ""MLN"" wishes to announce that after careful consideration of all aspects of the non-binding Memorandum of Understanding (""MOU"") announced on November 17 ",neutral,0.02,0.69,0.29,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,True,English,"['MINERAL HILL', 'THEIR MOU', 'AMENDED TERMS', 'GEMSCO', 'LOI', 'Mineral Hill Industries Ltd', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'trading Symbol', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'careful consideration', 'non-binding Memorandum', 'Company', 'TSXV', 'MHI', 'Frankfurt', 'MLN', 'aspects', 'Understanding', 'MOU', 'November']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,finance.yahoo.com
344,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 156 from EUR 150 at RBC Capital$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 156 from EUR 150 at RBC Capital$DBOEY,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price target', 'RBC Capital', 'DBOEY', 'Deutsche Boerse price target', 'RBC Capital', 'DBOEY']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
345,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize finalist Anastasia Samoylova (@anasamoylova) moves between colour and b… https://t.co/HzgJsiVxuw,nan,Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize finalist Anastasia Samoylova (@anasamoylova) moves between colour and b… https://t.co/HzgJsiVxuw,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize finalist', 'Anastasia Samoylova', 'anasamoylova', 'colour', 'HzgJsiVxuw', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize finalist', 'Anastasia Samoylova', 'anasamoylova', 'colour', 'HzgJsiVxuw']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
346,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Stock Exchange Deutsche Börse suspends trading in Russian securities. This applies with immediate effect  the exchange operator announced.,nan,Stock Exchange Deutsche Börse suspends trading in Russian securities. This applies with immediate effect  the exchange operator announced.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Stock Exchange', 'Russian securities', 'immediate effect', 'exchange operator', 'trading', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Stock Exchange', 'Russian securities', 'immediate effect', 'exchange operator', 'trading']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
347,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Says Number Of Securities Of Russian Issuers Were Suspended From Trading With Immediate Effect At 7… https://t.co/bw9uRysKkB,nan,Deutsche Boerse Says Number Of Securities Of Russian Issuers Were Suspended From Trading With Immediate Effect At 7… https://t.co/bw9uRysKkB,negative,0.01,0.47,0.52,negative,0.01,0.47,0.52,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian Issuers', 'Immediate Effect', 'Number', 'Securities', 'Trading', 'bw9uRysKkB', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian Issuers', 'Immediate Effect', 'Number', 'Securities', 'Trading', 'bw9uRysKkB']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
348,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,💡 Deutsche Boerse Says Number Of Securities Of Russian Issuers Were Suspended From Trading With Immediate Effect At… https://t.co/1USQVfp1Ab,nan,?? Deutsche Boerse Says Number Of Securities Of Russian Issuers Were Suspended From Trading With Immediate Effect At… https://t.co/1USQVfp1Ab,neutral,0.01,0.58,0.41,neutral,0.01,0.58,0.41,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian Issuers', 'Immediate Effect', 'Number', 'Securities', 'Trading', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian Issuers', 'Immediate Effect', 'Number', 'Securities', 'Trading']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
349,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,DEUTSCHE BOERSE SAYS NUMBER OF #SECURITIES OF RUSSIAN ISSUERS WERE #SUSPENDED FROM TRADING WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT AT… https://t.co/SCa8LHihy1,nan,DEUTSCHE BOERSE SAYS NUMBER OF #SECURITIES OF RUSSIAN ISSUERS WERE #SUSPENDED FROM TRADING WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT AT… https://t.co/SCa8LHihy1,negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RUSSIAN ISSUERS', 'IMMEDIATE EFFECT', 'NUMBER', 'TRADING', 'SCa8LHihy1', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RUSSIAN ISSUERS', 'IMMEDIATE EFFECT', 'NUMBER', 'TRADING', 'SCa8LHihy1']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,Unknown
350,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argenx-present-42nd-annual-cowen-060000564.html,argenx to Present at the 42nd Annual Cowen Health Care Conference,February 28  2022Breda  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering ...,February 28  2022Breda  the Netherlands argenx (Euronext &amp; Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today… [+1353 chars],positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.62,0.3,True,English,"['42nd Annual Cowen Health Care Conference', 'argenx', 'global immunology company', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Netherlands argenx', 'February', 'Breda', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', '1353 chars']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,finance.yahoo.com
351,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/celyad-oncology-announces-voluntary-pause-073000229.html,Celyad Oncology Announces Voluntary Pause of CYAD-101-002 Phase 1b Trial,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Feb. 28  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology...,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Feb. 28  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext &amp; Nasdaq: CYAD) (the Company)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery and deve… [+4209 chars],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['CYAD-101-002 Phase 1b Trial', 'Celyad Oncology', 'Voluntary Pause', 'Celyad Oncology SA', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'Feb.', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'CYAD', 'discovery', 'deve', '4209 chars']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,finance.yahoo.com
352,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-announces-details-incentive-plan-075200930.html,VEON announces details of new incentive plan aligned with total shareholder return,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding...,AMSTERDAM  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding it… [+3808 chars],neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['total shareholder return', 'new incentive', 'VEON', 'details', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'details', '3808 chars']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,finance.yahoo.com
353,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/proactis-sa-half-revenue-report-170500708.html,Proactis SA Half Year revenue report Jan 22,Proactis SA Announces Financial Information for the 6 months ended 31 January 2022 Paris – February 28  2022 – Proactis SA (Euronext: PROAC)  a leading...,Proactis SAAnnounces Financial Information forthe 6 months ended 31 January 2022Paris February 28  2022Proactis SA (Euronext: PROAC)  a leading provider of business spend management and business pr… [+2502 chars],neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Proactis SA Half Year revenue report', 'Jan', 'business spend management', 'Proactis SAAnnounces', 'Financial Information', '2022Proactis SA', 'leading provider', '6 months', 'Paris', 'Euronext', '2502 chars']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,finance.yahoo.com
354,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-award-veon-board-members-074200615.html,Share award to VEON Board members,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding a...,AMSTERDAM  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding a … [+1379 chars],positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['VEON Board members', 'Share award', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'details', '1379 chars']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,finance.yahoo.com
355,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220228005683/en/Leading-Maldivian-Streaming-Service-Selects-Verimatrix-Platform-To-Protect-App-Content-and-Revenues,Leading Maldivian Streaming Service Selects Verimatrix Platform To Protect App  Content and Revenues,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that ECOMXCHANGEMV Pvt Ltd selected the Verimatrix Secur…,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that ECOMXCHANGEMV Pvt Ltd selected the Verimatrix Secur…,neutral,0.39,0.6,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Leading Maldivian Streaming Service', 'Verimatrix Platform', 'App', 'Content', 'Revenues', 'modern connected world', 'ECOMXCHANGEMV Pvt Ltd', 'SAN DIEGO', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'people-centered security', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'Verimatrix', 'VMX', 'leader']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,businesswire.com
356,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220228005831/en/MaaT-Pharma-Reports-Cash-and-Revenues-for-Full-Year-2021,MaaT Pharma Reports Cash and Revenues for Full-Year 2021,"LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--""We are moving forward in our development with value-creating clinical milestones expected in the upcoming months""",LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MaaT Pharma(EURONEXT: MAAT the Company)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving… [+4357 chars],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Cash', 'Revenues', 'Full-Year', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'MaaT Pharma', 'LYON', 'France', 'EURONEXT', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'development', '4357 chars']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,businesswire.com
357,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220228005371/en/Elliptic-Labs-and-Lenovo%E2%84%A2-Jointly-Launch-First-Software-Only-Human-Presence-Detection-AI-Virtual-Presence-Sensor%E2%84%A2-on-Top-Selling-ThinkPad%E2%84%A2-T14,Elliptic Labs and Lenovo™ Jointly Launch First Software-Only Human Presence Detection AI Virtual Presence Sensor™ on Top-Selling ThinkPad™ T14,OSLO  Norway--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #AIVirtualPresenceSensor--Elliptic Labs announced that its AI Virtual Presence Sensor will be making its laptop debut on Lenovo’s top-selling ThinkPad T14 laptop.,OSLO  Norway--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Elliptic Labs (EuroNext Growth: ELABS.OL)  a global AI software company and the world leader in AI Virtual Smart Sensors  announced that its AI Virtual Presence Sensor … [+4295 chars],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['First Software-Only Human Presence Detection AI Virtual Presence Sensor™', 'Top-Selling ThinkPad™ T14', 'Elliptic Labs', 'Lenovo™', 'global AI software company', 'AI Virtual Presence Sensor', 'Virtual Smart Sensors', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Elliptic Labs', 'EuroNext Growth', 'world leader', 'OSLO', 'Norway', 'ELABS', 'OL', '4295 chars']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,businesswire.com
358,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/share-award-to-veon-board-members-301491277.html,Share award to VEON Board members,AMSTERDAM  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding a share award to Group directors. Group Chairman Gennady Gazin…,AMSTERDAM  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding a share award to Group directors. Group Chairman Gennady Gazin…,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['VEON Board members', 'Share award', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'share award', 'Group directors', 'Group Chairman', 'Gennady Gazin', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'details']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,prnewswire.com
359,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-announces-details-of-new-incentive-plan-aligned-with-total-shareholder-return-301491284.html,VEON announces details of new incentive plan aligned with total shareholder return,AMSTERDAM  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding its new incentive plan for the Group GEC. Following our initia…,AMSTERDAM  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces the details regarding its new incentive plan for the Group GEC. Following our initia…,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.82,0.04,True,English,"['total shareholder return', 'new incentive', 'VEON', 'details', 'leading global provider', 'new incentive plan', 'internet services', 'Group GEC.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'details', 'initia']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,prnewswire.com
360,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mobileid-gains-momentum-to-replace-social-network-authentication-301491220.html,MobileID Gains Momentum to Replace Social Network Authentication,BARCELONA  Spain  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announces that its MobileID authentication system has gained significant user …,BARCELONA  Spain  Feb. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announces that its MobileID authentication system has gained significant user …,positive,0.78,0.21,0.01,positive,0.57,0.34,0.09,True,English,"['Social Network Authentication', 'MobileID Gains', 'Momentum', 'global digital operator', 'MobileID authentication system', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'mobile connectivity', 'significant user', 'VEON Ltd.', 'BARCELONA', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'services']",2022-02-28,2022-03-01,prnewswire.com
361,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.centralbanking.com/central-banks/financial-stability/7934786/euroclear-bars-rubles-and-russia-equities-trading-remains-suspended,Euroclear bars rubles and Russia equities trading remains ...,6 hours ago,6 hours ago,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Euroclear bars rubles', 'Russia equities trading']",2022-03-02,2022-03-02,centralbanking.com
362,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.centralbanking.com/central-banks/financial-stability/7934786/euroclear-bars-rubles-and-russia-equities-trading-remains-suspended,Euroclear bars rubles and Russia equities trading remains suspended,Russia’s central bank suspended equity trading for the second successive day as international sanctions over its invasion of Ukraine continued to take effect. The Bank of Russia announced late yesterday (February 28) that it would suspend Moscow’s equities exchange for the second successive day.,Russia’s central bank suspended equity trading for the second successive day as international sanctions over its invasion of Ukraine continued to take effect. The Bank of Russia announced late yesterday (February 28) that it would suspend Moscow’s equities exchange for the second successive day.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.73,0.26,True,English,"['Euroclear bars rubles', 'Russia equities trading', 'second successive day', 'central bank', 'equity trading', 'international sanctions', 'The Bank', 'equities exchange', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'effect', 'February', 'Moscow']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,centralbanking.com
363,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.ft.com/content/26d7d317-098e-4777-8593-8bee658b566c,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,Foreign investors are now effectively trapped in Russian rouble-denominated bonds after Euroclear stopped accepting payments in the currency  slamming the door on one of the few e,Foreign investors are now effectively trapped in Russian rouble-denominated bonds after Euroclear stopped accepting payments in the currency  slamming the door on one of the few e,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'Russian rouble-denominated bonds', 'Foreign investors', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'currency', 'door']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,ft.com
364,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/w5g7M6ihtWBravo EU.,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/w5g7M6ihtWBravo EU.,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,neutral,0.03,0.88,0.09,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'w5g7M6ihtW Bravo EU', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'rouble bond investors', 'w5g7M6ihtW Bravo EU', 'exit route', 'Euroclear']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
365,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@M_PaulMcNamara @nicholasmairone @pearkes And that Euroclear account has now been frozen,nan,@M_PaulMcNamara @nicholasmairone @pearkes And that Euroclear account has now been frozen,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear account', 'M_PaulMcNamara', 'nicholasmairone', 'pearkes', 'Euroclear account', 'M_PaulMcNamara', 'nicholasmairone', 'pearkes']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
366,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Latest #ukrainecrises ~Holocaust memorial hit by Russian #missile~#Euroclear refuses payments in #roubles~#China w… https://t.co/jHpZREEdMH,nan,Latest #ukrainecrises ~Holocaust memorial hit by Russian #missile~#Euroclear refuses payments in #roubles~#China w… https://t.co/jHpZREEdMH,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,True,English,"['Latest #ukrainecrises', 'Holocaust memorial', 'Russian #missile~', 'payments', 'roubles~', 'China', 'jHpZREEdMH', 'Latest #ukrainecrises', 'Holocaust memorial', 'Russian #missile~', 'payments', 'roubles~', 'China', 'jHpZREEdMH']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
367,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/EqXmkFrOLC,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/EqXmkFrOLC,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'EqXmkFrOLC', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'EqXmkFrOLC']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
368,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@nicholasmairone @pearkes You might but more likely you have an account in Euroclear or Clearstream.,nan,@nicholasmairone @pearkes You might but more likely you have an account in Euroclear or Clearstream.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['nicholasmairone', 'pearkes', 'account', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'nicholasmairone', 'pearkes', 'account', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
369,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@pearkes Euroclear has stopped clearing 1et today  custodians not settling anything.,nan,@pearkes Euroclear has stopped clearing 1et today  custodians not settling anything.,neutral,0.04,0.77,0.19,neutral,0.04,0.77,0.19,True,English,"['1et', 'custodians', '1et', 'custodians']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
370,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors - Financial Times,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors - Financial Times,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Financial Times', 'Euroclear', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Financial Times', 'Euroclear']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
371,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear announcement on Russian bonds.Can't find anything comparable for Clearstream  but they have basically d… https://t.co/Xkhm3Pngwr,nan,Euroclear announcement on Russian bonds.Can't find anything comparable for Clearstream  but they have basically d… https://t.co/Xkhm3Pngwr,neutral,0.06,0.84,0.1,neutral,0.06,0.84,0.1,True,English,"['Euroclear announcement', 'Russian bonds', 'Clearstream', 'Xkhm3Pngwr', 'Euroclear announcement', 'Russian bonds', 'Clearstream', 'Xkhm3Pngwr']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
372,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Alea_ Doesn't specify clearstream/Euroclear. Local deposit accounts too (I understand),nan,@Alea_ Doesn't specify clearstream/Euroclear. Local deposit accounts too (I understand),neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Local deposit accounts', 'clearstream/Euroclear', 'Local deposit accounts', 'clearstream/Euroclear']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
373,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors | Financial Times https://t.co/mdF1NJncA1,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors | Financial Times https://t.co/mdF1NJncA1,neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Financial Times', 'Euroclear', 'mdF1NJncA1', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Financial Times', 'Euroclear', 'mdF1NJncA1']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
374,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/Jv3JUEbvAm,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/Jv3JUEbvAm,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'Jv3JUEbvAm', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'Jv3JUEbvAm']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
375,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/9XdpkHbdCQ,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/9XdpkHbdCQ,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', '9XdpkHbdCQ', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', '9XdpkHbdCQ']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
376,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,I was wondering when we'd hear from Euroclear! https://t.co/QWjZIqtkbc,nan,I was wondering when we'd hear from Euroclear! https://t.co/QWjZIqtkbc,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'QWjZIqtkbc', 'Euroclear', 'QWjZIqtkbc']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
377,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/QSpIC9A4qH,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/QSpIC9A4qH,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'QSpIC9A4qH', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'QSpIC9A4qH']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
378,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/y75LVokY6Z,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/y75LVokY6Z,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
379,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/euronext-securities-and-clearstream-partner-for-access-to-danish-capital-markets/,Euronext Securities and Clearstream partner for access to ...,14 hours ago,14 hours ago,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext Securities', 'Clearstream partner', 'access']",2022-03-02,2022-03-02,globalcustodian.com
380,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.euronews.com/next/2022/02/28/euroclear-sanctions,Europe starts severing Russian securities from financial system,Euroclear in Brussels said it had closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking in Luxembourg for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions  following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Euroclear ...,Euroclear in Brussels said it had closed its link to rival settlement house Clearstream Banking in Luxembourg for settling trades in Russian securities in response to European Union financial sanctions  following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Euroclear ...,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,negative,0.01,0.47,0.52,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'financial system', 'Europe', 'European Union financial sanctions', 'rival settlement house', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels', 'link', 'Luxembourg', 'trades', 'response', 'invasion', 'Ukraine']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,euronews.com
381,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@nicholasmairone @pearkes You might but more likely you have an account in Euroclear or Clearstream.,nan,@nicholasmairone @pearkes You might but more likely you have an account in Euroclear or Clearstream.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['nicholasmairone', 'pearkes', 'account', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'nicholasmairone', 'pearkes', 'account', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
382,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear announcement on Russian bonds.Can't find anything comparable for Clearstream  but they have basically d… https://t.co/Xkhm3Pngwr,nan,Euroclear announcement on Russian bonds.Can't find anything comparable for Clearstream  but they have basically d… https://t.co/Xkhm3Pngwr,neutral,0.06,0.84,0.1,neutral,0.06,0.84,0.1,True,English,"['Euroclear announcement', 'Russian bonds', 'Clearstream', 'Xkhm3Pngwr', 'Euroclear announcement', 'Russian bonds', 'Clearstream', 'Xkhm3Pngwr']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
383,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Alea_ Doesn't specify clearstream/Euroclear. Local deposit accounts too (I understand),nan,@Alea_ Doesn't specify clearstream/Euroclear. Local deposit accounts too (I understand),neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Local deposit accounts', 'clearstream/Euroclear', 'Local deposit accounts', 'clearstream/Euroclear']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
384,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@M_PaulMcNamara Not their fault  ruble is not a settlement currency at clearstream,nan,@M_PaulMcNamara Not their fault  ruble is not a settlement currency at clearstream,positive,0.7,0.02,0.28,positive,0.7,0.02,0.28,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'M_PaulMcNamara', 'fault', 'ruble', 'clearstream', 'settlement currency', 'M_PaulMcNamara', 'fault', 'ruble', 'clearstream']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
385,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,some of the financial technicalities  but they are important to #StopRussia: @Clearstream: the #rouble is no long… https://t.co/epjI3c1pGw,nan,some of the financial technicalities  but they are important to #StopRussia: @Clearstream: the #rouble is no long… https://t.co/epjI3c1pGw,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['financial technicalities', 'StopRussia', 'Clearstream', 'financial technicalities', 'StopRussia', 'Clearstream']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
386,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/deutsche-boerse-expands-russia-related-securities-it-will-no-longer-trade-2022-03-01/,Deutsche Boerse expands Russia-related securities it will no ...,10 hours ago,10 hours ago,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Russia-related securities']",2022-03-02,2022-03-02,reuters.com
387,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/russian-stocks-increasingly-untradeable-more-154152249.html,Russian stocks are increasingly untradeable as more exchanges around the world suspend them amid Ukraine war,Halts have come from the London Stock Exchange  Deutsche Boerse  the Nasdaq and New York Stock Exchange. Russia's central bank closed the country's stock exchange for a second day to limit damage.,Halts have come from the London Stock Exchange  Deutsche Boerse  the Nasdaq and New York Stock Exchange. Russia's central bank closed the country's stock exchange for a second day to limit damage.,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Russian stocks', 'Ukraine war', 'exchanges', 'world', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'central bank', 'second day', 'Halts', 'Nasdaq', 'Russia', 'country', 'damage']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,finance.yahoo.com
388,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.teletrader.com/stoxx-to-drop-61-russian-companies-from-its-indices/news/details/57393629,Stoxx to drop 61 Russian companies from its indices,The Swiss global index provider and the operator of Deutsche Boerse’s Qontigo data will be removing 61 Russian firms from its indices  The targeted companies are some of the largest in Russia  such as Gazprom  Lukoil  Sberbank  Rusal and Aeroflot.,The Swiss global index provider and the operator of Deutsche Boerse’s Qontigo data will be removing 61 Russian firms from its indices  The targeted companies are some of the largest in Russia  such as Gazprom  Lukoil  Sberbank  Rusal and Aeroflot.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['61 Russian companies', 'Stoxx', 'indices', 'Swiss global index provider', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Qontigo data', '61 Russian firms', 'targeted companies', 'operator', 'indices', 'Gazprom', 'Lukoil', 'Sberbank', 'Rusal', 'Aeroflot']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,teletrader.com
389,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://au.news.yahoo.com/swift-says-examining-entities-subject-110003951.html,SWIFT waits to disconnect Russian banks as securities platforms cut Moscow ties,Major securities settlement houses  along with Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt  and ICE and Nasdaq in New York  announced curbs on Russian trading on Monday. (https://www.swift.com/news-events/news ...,Major securities settlement houses  along with Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt  and ICE and Nasdaq in New York  announced curbs on Russian trading on Monday. (https://www.swift.com/news-events/news ...,neutral,0.04,0.9,0.06,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Russian banks', 'securities platforms', 'Moscow ties', 'SWIFT', 'Major securities settlement houses', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'New York', 'Russian trading', 'Frankfurt', 'ICE', 'Nasdaq', 'curbs', 'Monday', 'news-events']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,au.news.yahoo.com
390,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse expands Russia-related securities it will no longer trade https://t.co/b8cNBxjpdI,nan,Deutsche Boerse expands Russia-related securities it will no longer trade https://t.co/b8cNBxjpdI,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Russia-related securities', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russia-related securities']",2022-03-01,2022-03-04,Unknown
391,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Stoxx  the operator of Deutsche Börse’s Qontigo indices  is to axe 61 Russian companies from its indices  the most… https://t.co/HZWRG7PiYR,nan,Stoxx  the operator of Deutsche Börse’s Qontigo indices  is to axe 61 Russian companies from its indices  the most… https://t.co/HZWRG7PiYR,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', '61 Russian companies', 'Qontigo indices', 'Stoxx', 'operator', 'HZWRG7PiYR', 'Deutsche Börse', '61 Russian companies', 'Qontigo indices', 'Stoxx', 'operator', 'HZWRG7PiYR']",2022-03-01,2022-03-03,Unknown
392,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,⚠️ Stoxx  the operator of Deutsche Börse’s Qontigo indices  is to axe 61 Russian companies from its indices  the mo… https://t.co/S5RxG2UI5a,nan,?? Stoxx  the operator of Deutsche Börse’s Qontigo indices  is to axe 61 Russian companies from its indices  the mo… https://t.co/S5RxG2UI5a,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', '61 Russian companies', 'Qontigo indices', 'Stoxx', 'operator', 'mo', 'S5RxG2UI5a', '⚠️', 'Deutsche Börse', '61 Russian companies', 'Qontigo indices', 'Stoxx', 'operator', 'mo', 'S5RxG2UI5a', '⚠️']",2022-03-01,2022-03-03,Unknown
393,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse expands Russia-related securities it will no longer trade https://t.co/1ObFF9TzGl,nan,Deutsche Boerse expands Russia-related securities it will no longer trade https://t.co/1ObFF9TzGl,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Russia-related securities', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russia-related securities']",2022-03-01,2022-03-03,Unknown
394,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse AG🇩🇪  one of Europe’s biggest exchange operators  is shutting the door on the trading of Russian 🇷🇺… https://t.co/hXGTJ6ZT2a,nan,Deutsche Boerse AG????  one of Europe’s biggest exchange operators  is shutting the door on the trading of Russian ????… https://t.co/hXGTJ6ZT2a,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG', 'biggest exchange operators', 'Europe', 'door', 'trading', 'Russian', 'hXGTJ6ZT2a', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'biggest exchange operators', 'Europe', 'door', 'trading', 'Russian', 'hXGTJ6ZT2a']",2022-03-01,2022-03-03,Unknown
395,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse suspends trading of all instruments on Russian bonds  individual securities and related structured… https://t.co/tOh7s0788Y,nan,Deutsche Boerse suspends trading of all instruments on Russian bonds  individual securities and related structured… https://t.co/tOh7s0788Y,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian bonds', 'individual securities', 'related structured', 'trading', 'instruments', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian bonds', 'individual securities', 'related structured', 'trading', 'instruments']",2022-03-01,2022-03-03,Unknown
396,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Equities on Deutsche Börse generated €169.7 billion in February 2022 and trading in ETFs/ETCs/ETNs accounted for €3… https://t.co/uvtsfOrmFO,nan,Equities on Deutsche Börse generated €169.7 billion in February 2022 and trading in ETFs/ETCs/ETNs accounted for €3… https://t.co/uvtsfOrmFO,neutral,0.01,0.82,0.17,neutral,0.01,0.82,0.17,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Equities', 'February', 'trading', 'ETFs/ETCs/ETNs', 'uvtsfOrmFO', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Equities', 'February', 'trading', 'ETFs/ETCs/ETNs', 'uvtsfOrmFO']",2022-03-01,2022-03-03,Unknown
397,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@KremlinRussia Deutsche Börse ceases trading in all Russian securitiesRussian bonds  shares and derivatives can n… https://t.co/xJzoion2YV,nan,@KremlinRussia Deutsche Börse ceases trading in all Russian securitiesRussian bonds  shares and derivatives can n… https://t.co/xJzoion2YV,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'Russian bonds', 'trading', 'shares', 'derivatives', 'xJzoion2YV', 'Russian securities', 'Russian bonds', 'trading', 'shares', 'derivatives', 'xJzoion2YV']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
398,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,*DEUTSCHE BOERSE TO SUSPEND ALL RUSSIAN SECURITIES FROM TRADING,nan,*DEUTSCHE BOERSE TO SUSPEND ALL RUSSIAN SECURITIES FROM TRADING,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RUSSIAN SECURITIES', 'TRADING', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RUSSIAN SECURITIES', 'TRADING']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
399,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,DEUTSCHE BOERSE: SUSPENSION EFFECTIVE WEDNESDAY,nan,DEUTSCHE BOERSE: SUSPENSION EFFECTIVE WEDNESDAY,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['SUSPENSION EFFECTIVE WEDNESDAY', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'SUSPENSION EFFECTIVE WEDNESDAY', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
400,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,‼️*DEUTSCHE BOERSE TO SUSPEND ALL RUSSIAN SECURITIES FROM TRADING#RussiaUkraineWar,nan,??*DEUTSCHE BOERSE TO SUSPEND ALL RUSSIAN SECURITIES FROM TRADING#RussiaUkraineWar,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RUSSIAN SECURITIES', 'TRADING', 'DEUTSCHE BOERSE', 'RUSSIAN SECURITIES', 'TRADING']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,Unknown
401,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/kx-strategic-partnership-agreement-microsoft-073000585.html,KX Strategic Partnership Agreement with Microsoft,FD Technologies (AIM: FDP.L) (Euronext Growth: FDP.I) announces that it has entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Microsoft to expand the reach...,LONDON  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- FD Technologies (AIM: FDP.L) (Euronext Growth: FDP.I) announces that it has entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Microsoft to expand the reach of … [+4967 chars],neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['KX Strategic Partnership Agreement', 'Microsoft', 'strategic partnership agreement', 'FD Technologies', 'Euronext Growth', 'FDP.L', 'LONDON', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'AIM', 'Microsoft', 'reach', '4967 chars']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,finance.yahoo.com
402,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mikhail-fridman-steps-down-veon-114100255.html,Mikhail Fridman steps down from VEON Board,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announced that Mr. Fridman has...,AMSTERDAM  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announced that Mr. Fridman has res… [+1400 chars],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Mikhail Fridman', 'VEON Board', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'Mr. Fridman', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', '+1400 chars']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,finance.yahoo.com
403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-receives-emergency-authorization-bahrain-060000429.html,Valneva Receives Emergency Use Authorization from Bahrain for its Inactivated COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001,Saint Herblain (France)  March 1  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the National...,Saint Herblain (France)  March1  2022 Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that the National Health Regulatory Authority (NHRA) of the Kingdom … [+6238 chars],neutral,0.01,0.68,0.31,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Emergency Use Authorization', 'COVID-19 Vaccine VLA2001', 'Valneva', 'Bahrain', 'Inactivated', 'National Health Regulatory Authority', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Saint Herblain', 'Valneva SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'France', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'NHRA', 'Kingdom', '6238 chars']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,finance.yahoo.com
404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-to-share-augmented-intelligence-platform-with-mobile-operators-to-help-save-lives-and-support-communities-301492290.html,VEON to Share Augmented Intelligence Platform with Mobile Operators to Help Save Lives and Support Communities,BARCELONA  Spain  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announces its intention to share access to its Augmented Intelligence Platform …,BARCELONA  Spain  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  today announces its intention to share access to its Augmented Intelligence Platform …,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Augmented Intelligence Platform', 'Mobile Operators', 'VEON', 'Save', 'Lives', 'Communities', 'global digital operator', 'Augmented Intelligence Platform', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'mobile connectivity', 'VEON Ltd.', 'BARCELONA', 'Spain', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'services', 'intention', 'access']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,prnewswire.com
405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/euronext-dublin-plunges-enormous-4-7-on-ukraine-crisis-1.4815504,Euronext Dublin plunges ‘enormous’ 4.7% on Ukraine crisis,Broad based weakness in the travel and leisure sector hits hotel groups and airlines,Global markets fell on Tuesday as investors continued to grapple with the fallout of Russias invasion of its neighbour Ukraine. Euronext Dublin plunged 4.7 per cent on Tuesday  a fall that was desc… [+3611 chars],negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin', 'Ukraine crisis', 'Global markets', 'neighbour Ukraine', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Tuesday', 'investors', 'fallout', 'Russias', 'invasion', '3611 chars']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,irishtimes.com
406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kx-strategic-partnership-agreement-with-microsoft-301492432.html,KX Strategic Partnership Agreement with Microsoft,LONDON  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- FD Technologies (AIM: FDP.L) (Euronext Growth: FDP.I) announces that it has entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Microsoft to expand the reach of its KX Insights streaming data analytics platform as more or…,LONDON  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- FD Technologies (AIM: FDP.L) (Euronext Growth: FDP.I) announces that it has entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Microsoft to expand the reach of its KX Insights streaming data analytics platform as more or…,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['KX Strategic Partnership Agreement', 'Microsoft', 'KX Insights streaming data analytics platform', 'strategic partnership agreement', 'FD Technologies', 'Euronext Growth', 'FDP.L', 'LONDON', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'AIM', 'Microsoft', 'reach']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,prnewswire.com
407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/91679/kx-to-embed-with-microsofft-azure,KX to embed with Microsofft Azure,FD Technologies (AIM: FDP.L) (Euronext Growth: FDP.I) announces that it has entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Microsoft to expand the reach of its KX Insights streaming data analytics platform as more organisations look to modernise their da…,FD Technologies (AIM: FDP.L) (Euronext Growth: FDP.I) announces that it has entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Microsoft to expand the reach of its KX Insights streaming data analytics platform as more organisations look to modernise their da…,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,True,English,"['Microsofft Azure', 'KX', 'KX Insights streaming data analytics platform', 'strategic partnership agreement', 'FD Technologies', 'Euronext Growth', 'AIM', 'FDP', 'Microsoft', 'reach', 'organisations']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,finextra.com
408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mikhail-fridman-steps-down-from-veon-board-301492600.html,Mikhail Fridman steps down from VEON Board,"AMSTERDAM  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announced that Mr. Fridman has resigned as a director of the VEON Board (the ""Board"") with eff…","AMSTERDAM  March 1  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announced that Mr. Fridman has resigned as a director of the VEON Board (the ""Board"") with eff…",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.87,0.11,True,English,"['Mikhail Fridman', 'VEON Board', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'Mr. Fridman', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Board', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'director']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,prnewswire.com
409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.lightreading.com/5g/technicolor-intros-fwawi-fi-indoor-router-combo-/d/d-id/775710,Technicolor intros FWA/Wi-Fi indoor router combo,'Cobra 5G' comes on the heels of Technicolor's '5G Omni' outdoor device.,ATLANTA ? The Connected Home Division of Technicolor (Euronext Paris: TCH  OTCQX: TCLRY) today announces the availability of Cobra 5G  an indoor customer premises equipment (CPE) solution that provid… [+2268 chars],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['FWA/Wi-Fi indoor router combo', 'Technicolor intros', 'The Connected Home Division', 'indoor customer premises equipment', 'Euronext Paris', 'Cobra 5G', 'CPE) solution', 'ATLANTA', 'Technicolor', 'TCH', 'OTCQX', 'TCLRY', 'availability', '2268 chars']",2022-03-01,2022-03-02,lightreading.com
410,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euroclear-and-clearstream-shut-down-settlement-of-russian-securities/,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian ...,11 hours ago,11 hours ago,neutral,0.02,0.63,0.35,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'Russian']",2022-03-03,2022-03-03,thetradenews.com
411,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=12776&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian ...,9 hours ago,9 hours ago,neutral,0.03,0.87,0.1,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlements', 'Russian']",2022-03-03,2022-03-03,assetservicingtimes.com
412,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream  no longer accepting Russian assets shutting the market. Prices still tank,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream  no longer accepting Russian assets shutting the market. Prices still tank,neutral,0.08,0.67,0.25,neutral,0.08,0.67,0.25,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'market', 'Prices', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'market', 'Prices']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
413,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@TomekTheEast @JekyllCapital I presume that Euroclear was ready already  but Goldman (lower in the pyramid) wasn’t.… https://t.co/OLq2aERYAB,nan,@TomekTheEast @JekyllCapital I presume that Euroclear was ready already  but Goldman (lower in the pyramid) wasn’t.… https://t.co/OLq2aERYAB,negative,0.05,0.42,0.53,negative,0.05,0.42,0.53,True,English,"['TomekTheEast', 'JekyllCapital', 'Euroclear', 'Goldman', 'pyramid', 'OLq2aERYAB', 'TomekTheEast', 'JekyllCapital', 'Euroclear', 'Goldman', 'pyramid', 'OLq2aERYAB']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
414,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/5PnLErYR4L,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/5PnLErYR4L,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,True,English,"['Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'PnLErYR4L', 'Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'PnLErYR4L']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
415,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/wz9XwY7ZC8,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/wz9XwY7ZC8,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlements']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
416,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian securities - The TRADE https://t.co/WsaPkCVr0B,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian securities - The TRADE https://t.co/WsaPkCVr0B,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'The TRADE', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'WsaPkCVr0B', 'Russian securities', 'The TRADE', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'WsaPkCVr0B']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
417,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian securities https://t.co/V79lWXzGVI,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian securities https://t.co/V79lWXzGVI,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'V79lWXzGVI', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'V79lWXzGVI']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
418,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,8/ Already seeing Clearstream  Euroclear  SWIFT  even the likes of Mastercard and Visa cut off channels. But more should follow.,nan,8/ Already seeing Clearstream  Euroclear  SWIFT  even the likes of Mastercard and Visa cut off channels. But more should follow.,positive,0.87,0.08,0.05,positive,0.87,0.08,0.05,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SWIFT', 'likes', 'Mastercard', 'Visa', 'channels', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'SWIFT', 'likes', 'Mastercard', 'Visa', 'channels']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
419,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@friedberg Yes.. Issues with euroclear. Engineer impact ? commodity impact? $20B Russia exposure stuck in passive -… https://t.co/dYLphvTbu2,nan,@friedberg Yes.. Issues with euroclear. Engineer impact ? commodity impact? $20B Russia exposure stuck in passive -… https://t.co/dYLphvTbu2,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['$20B Russia exposure', 'Engineer impact', 'commodity impact', 'friedberg', 'Issues', 'euroclear', 'dYLphvTbu2', '$20B Russia exposure', 'Engineer impact', 'commodity impact', 'friedberg', 'Issues', 'euroclear', 'dYLphvTbu2']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
420,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Financial Times: #Euroclear shuts off exit route for #rouble #bond investors.#Russia#ukraine https://t.co/nYCkt7Wsp3via @GoogleNews,nan,Financial Times: #Euroclear shuts off exit route for #rouble #bond investors.#Russia#ukraine https://t.co/nYCkt7Wsp3via @GoogleNews,neutral,0.01,0.91,0.08,neutral,0.01,0.91,0.08,True,English,"['rouble #bond investors', 'Financial Times', 'exit route', 'nYCkt7Wsp3', 'rouble #bond investors', 'Financial Times', 'exit route', 'nYCkt7Wsp3']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
421,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors: Foreign traders ‘trapped’ after Belgian securities deposi… https://t.co/whw5j62Wf5,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors: Foreign traders ‘trapped’ after Belgian securities deposi… https://t.co/whw5j62Wf5,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'Belgian securities deposi', 'exit route', 'Foreign traders', 'Euroclear', 'whw5j62Wf5', 'rouble bond investors', 'Belgian securities deposi', 'exit route', 'Foreign traders', 'Euroclear', 'whw5j62Wf5']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
422,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear no longer accepting RUB as a settlement currency. Russia is being completely unplugged from the global fi… https://t.co/rcznq83W7t,nan,Euroclear no longer accepting RUB as a settlement currency. Russia is being completely unplugged from the global fi… https://t.co/rcznq83W7t,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,neutral,0.02,0.86,0.12,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'Euroclear', 'RUB', 'Russia', 'settlement currency', 'Euroclear', 'RUB', 'Russia']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
423,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euroclear-and-clearstream-shut-down-settlement-of-russian-securities/,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian ...,11 hours ago,11 hours ago,neutral,0.02,0.63,0.35,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'Russian']",2022-03-03,2022-03-03,thetradenews.com
424,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=12776&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian ...,9 hours ago,9 hours ago,neutral,0.03,0.87,0.1,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlements', 'Russian']",2022-03-03,2022-03-03,assetservicingtimes.com
425,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.securitiesfinancetimes.com/securitieslendingnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=225379&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,Euronext and Clearstream strengthen collaboration for access ...,7 hours ago,7 hours ago,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Clearstream', 'collaboration', 'access']",2022-03-03,2022-03-03,securitiesfinancetimes.com
426,Clearstream,Google API,https://news.bloomberglaw.com/bankruptcy-law/clearstream-confirms-it-processed-ukraines-dollar-bond-coupons,Clearstream Confirms It Processed Ukraine's Dollar-Bond ...,15 hours ago,Clearstream processed on March 1 payment of Ukraine government bond coupons to international investors  according to a company spokesperson.The country’s debt chief Yuriy Butsa also confirmed that the country made a $300 million payment in a Bloomberg TV interview on Tuesdayalso confirmed that the country made a $300 million payment in a Bloomberg TV on Tuesday The bonds  which carry a 7.75% coupon  were issued in 2015 as part of Ukraine’s $15 billion debt restructuringNOTE: Ukraine Raises $277 Million in War Bonds for Russia Fight--With assistance from Priscila Azevedo Rocha .To contact the reporter on this story:Irene García Pérez in London at igarciaperez@bloomberg.netTo contact the editors responsible for this ...,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Clearstream', 'Ukraine', 'Dollar-Bond', 'Irene García Pérez', 'debt chief Yuriy Butsa', 'Ukraine government bond coupons', '$15 billion debt restructuring', 'Priscila Azevedo Rocha', 'Bloomberg TV interview', 'March 1 payment', 'international investors', 'company spokesperson', '$300 million payment', 'Russia Fight', 'War Bonds', 'Clearstream', 'country', 'Tuesday', '7.75% coupon', 'part', 'NOTE', 'assistance', 'reporter', 'story', 'London', 'igarciaperez', 'editors']",2022-03-03,2022-03-03,news.bloomberglaw.com
427,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.gulf-times.com/story/710975/Russia-bans-payments-to-foreigners-holding-rouble-,Russia bans payments to foreigners holding rouble bonds and shares,The world’s biggest settlement systems  Euroclear and Clearstream  are no longer accepting Russian assets  effectively shutting off an exit route for overseas investors. Belgium-based Euroclear said in a note on Tuesday that the NSD had blocked its ...,The world’s biggest settlement systems  Euroclear and Clearstream  are no longer accepting Russian assets  effectively shutting off an exit route for overseas investors. Belgium-based Euroclear said in a note on Tuesday that the NSD had blocked its ...,negative,0.01,0.32,0.67,neutral,0.02,0.61,0.37,True,English,"['rouble bonds', 'Russia', 'payments', 'foreigners', 'shares', 'biggest settlement systems', 'Russian assets', 'exit route', 'overseas investors', 'Belgium-based Euroclear', 'world', 'Clearstream', 'note', 'Tuesday', 'NSD']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,gulf-times.com
428,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/euroclear-and-clearstream-shut-down-settlement-of-russian-securities/,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian securities,Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling rouble-denominated transactions. The actions means that the trading  clearing and settlement of Russian securities have now all been impacted by moves from European market infrastructures ,Euroclear and Clearstream are no longer settling rouble-denominated transactions. The actions means that the trading  clearing and settlement of Russian securities have now all been impacted by moves from European market infrastructures ,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'European market infrastructures', 'rouble-denominated transactions', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'clearing', 'settlement', 'moves']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,thetradenews.com
429,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.theglobeandmail.com/investing/globe-advisor/advisor-stocks/article-investors-struggle-to-trade-russian-assets-as-sanctions-hit-market/,Investors struggle to trade Russian assets as sanctions hit market plumbing,The two largest depositories  Belgium’s Euroclear and Clearstream  together hold about €50-trillion of assets in custody for global investors  making them a pillar of the financial system. Deals are usually finalized by transferring balances between ...,The two largest depositories  Belgium’s Euroclear and Clearstream  together hold about €50-trillion of assets in custody for global investors  making them a pillar of the financial system. Deals are usually finalized by transferring balances between ...,negative,0.01,0.07,0.92,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Investors', 'sanctions', 'market', 'two largest depositories', 'global investors', 'financial system', 'Belgium', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', '€50-trillion', 'assets', 'custody', 'pillar', 'Deals', 'balances']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,theglobeandmail.com
430,Clearstream,Bing API,https://delano.lu/article/war-in-ukraine-the-role-of-cle,War in Ukraine: the role of clearing houses,The European response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine may well bring to a halt  at least temporarily  the activities with Russia of the two European clearing houses  Clearstream in Luxembourg and Euroclear in Belgium.,The European response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine may well bring to a halt  at least temporarily  the activities with Russia of the two European clearing houses  Clearstream in Luxembourg and Euroclear in Belgium.,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,negative,0.04,0.04,0.92,True,English,"['clearing houses', 'War', 'Ukraine', 'role', 'two European clearing houses', 'European response', 'Russian invasion', 'Ukraine', 'halt', 'activities', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,delano.lu
431,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@mayc6058 @mskvsk No. Because of GDRs do not get settled by Clearstream you literally cannot trade the actual claim… https://t.co/6lSgzzkV2s,nan,@mayc6058 @mskvsk No. Because of GDRs do not get settled by Clearstream you literally cannot trade the actual claim… https://t.co/6lSgzzkV2s,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['mskvsk No.', 'actual claim', 'mayc6058', 'GDRs', 'Clearstream', 'lSgzzkV2s', 'mskvsk No.', 'actual claim', 'mayc6058', 'GDRs', 'Clearstream', 'lSgzzkV2s']",2022-03-02,2022-03-06,Unknown
432,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We are happy to announce the launch of yet another amazing project for ClearStream! Learn  more about this project:… https://t.co/4gnkaFNFEo,nan,We are happy to announce the launch of yet another amazing project for ClearStream! Learn  more about this project:… https://t.co/4gnkaFNFEo,positive,0.81,0.13,0.06,positive,0.81,0.13,0.06,True,English,"['amazing project', 'launch', 'ClearStream', 'gnkaFNFEo', 'amazing project', 'launch', 'ClearStream', 'gnkaFNFEo']",2022-03-02,2022-03-06,Unknown
433,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@EnModeMacaron Affaire clearstream ?,nan,@EnModeMacaron Affaire clearstream ?,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Affaire', 'Affaire']",2022-03-02,2022-03-06,Unknown
434,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream  no longer accepting Russian assets shutting the market. Prices still tank,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream  no longer accepting Russian assets shutting the market. Prices still tank,neutral,0.08,0.67,0.25,neutral,0.08,0.67,0.25,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'market', 'Prices', 'Russian assets', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'market', 'Prices']",2022-03-02,2022-03-06,Unknown
435,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext and Clearstream strengthen collaboration for access to Danish markets https://t.co/eQ0T9sBQuE,nan,Euronext and Clearstream strengthen collaboration for access to Danish markets https://t.co/eQ0T9sBQuE,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['Danish markets', 'Euronext', 'Clearstream', 'collaboration', 'access', 'eQ0T9sBQuE', 'Danish markets', 'Euronext', 'Clearstream', 'collaboration', 'access', 'eQ0T9sBQuE']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
436,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/5PnLErYR4L,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/5PnLErYR4L,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,True,English,"['Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'PnLErYR4L', 'Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'PnLErYR4L']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
437,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext and Clearstream strengthen collaboration for access to Danish markets https://t.co/HNsv3bMnlQ,nan,Euronext and Clearstream strengthen collaboration for access to Danish markets https://t.co/HNsv3bMnlQ,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['Danish markets', 'Euronext', 'Clearstream', 'collaboration', 'access', 'HNsv3bMnlQ', 'Danish markets', 'Euronext', 'Clearstream', 'collaboration', 'access', 'HNsv3bMnlQ']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
438,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/wz9XwY7ZC8,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities https://t.co/wz9XwY7ZC8,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,neutral,0.02,0.88,0.1,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlements']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
439,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian securities - The TRADE https://t.co/WsaPkCVr0B,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream shut down settlement of Russian securities - The TRADE https://t.co/WsaPkCVr0B,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,neutral,0.01,0.77,0.22,True,English,"['Russian securities', 'The TRADE', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'WsaPkCVr0B', 'Russian securities', 'The TRADE', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'WsaPkCVr0B']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
440,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ShellCols @MTU_ie @DellTechIreland @Clearstream @MottMacDonald @tulster @ml_loftus @gerard_odonovan @bredaks… https://t.co/ZE2BJCx9QN,nan,@ShellCols @MTU_ie @DellTechIreland @Clearstream @MottMacDonald @tulster @ml_loftus @gerard_odonovan @bredaks… https://t.co/ZE2BJCx9QN,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['ShellCols', 'MTU_ie', 'DellTechIreland', 'Clearstream', 'MottMacDonald', 'tulster', 'gerard_odonovan', 'bredaks', 'ZE2BJCx9QN', 'ShellCols', 'MTU_ie', 'DellTechIreland', 'Clearstream', 'MottMacDonald', 'tulster', 'gerard_odonovan', 'bredaks', 'ZE2BJCx9QN']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
441,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,"""We do see the value the students add in a very short space of time"" - Carmel Hallissey  HR Manager at @Clearstream… https://t.co/W6BZIfAJpi",nan,"""We do see the value the students add in a very short space of time"" - Carmel Hallissey  HR Manager at @Clearstream… https://t.co/W6BZIfAJpi",neutral,0.02,0.53,0.45,neutral,0.02,0.53,0.45,True,English,"['short space', 'Carmel Hallissey', 'HR Manager', 'value', 'students', 'time', 'W6BZIfAJpi', 'short space', 'Carmel Hallissey', 'HR Manager', 'value', 'students', 'time', 'W6BZIfAJpi']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,Unknown
442,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfstream.com/news/credit-suisse-am-unveils-us-tech-esg-etf/,Credit Suisse AM unveils US tech ESG ETF - ETF Stream,CYSU tracks the MSCI USA Tech 125 ESG Universal index,Credit Suisse Asset Management (CSAM) has expanded its range with the launch of a US tech ESG ETF.The CSIF MSCI USA Tech 125 ESG Universal Blue UCITS ETF (CYSU) is listed on Deutsche Boerse  SIX Sw… [+1862 chars],neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['US tech ESG ETF', 'Credit Suisse AM', 'ETF Stream', 'The CSIF MSCI USA Tech 125 ESG Universal Blue UCITS ETF', 'US tech ESG ETF', 'Credit Suisse Asset Management', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'SIX Sw', 'CSAM', 'range', 'launch', 'CYSU', '1862 chars']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,etfstream.com
443,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,. @TPGallery will exhibit the work of the four finalists in the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022  f… https://t.co/UIvWFgpRnj,nan,. @TPGallery will exhibit the work of the four finalists in the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022  f… https://t.co/UIvWFgpRnj,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'four finalists', 'work', 'UIvWFgpRnj', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'four finalists', 'work', 'UIvWFgpRnj']",2022-03-02,2022-03-08,Unknown
444,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse AG  has ceased trade with all Russian valuable papers from today (2nd March 22) What is #LSEplc wait… https://t.co/DE31HAvj6Y,nan,Deutsche Börse AG  has ceased trade with all Russian valuable papers from today (2nd March 22) What is #LSEplc wait… https://t.co/DE31HAvj6Y,positive,0.76,0.16,0.08,positive,0.76,0.16,0.08,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse AG', 'Russian valuable papers', 'trade', 'today', 'March', 'DE31HAvj6Y', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Russian valuable papers', 'trade', 'today', 'March', 'DE31HAvj6Y']",2022-03-02,2022-03-07,Unknown
445,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,▪️The stock exchange organization Deutsche Börse will stop trading in all Russian securities from March 2▪️The In… https://t.co/UstDqBuJdy,nan,??The stock exchange organization Deutsche Börse will stop trading in all Russian securities from March 2??The In… https://t.co/UstDqBuJdy,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['stock exchange organization', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Russian securities', 'trading', 'March', 'UstDqBuJdy', 'stock exchange organization', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Russian securities', 'trading', 'March', 'UstDqBuJdy']",2022-03-02,2022-03-05,Unknown
446,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse’s Cash Markets Generate €205.4 Billion in Turnover during February Deutsche Börse Group recently pub… https://t.co/BvHaK681cn,nan,Deutsche Börse’s Cash Markets Generate €205.4 Billion in Turnover during February Deutsche Börse Group recently pub… https://t.co/BvHaK681cn,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['February Deutsche Börse Group', 'Cash Markets', 'Turnover', 'BvHaK681cn', 'February Deutsche Börse Group', 'Cash Markets', 'Turnover', 'BvHaK681cn']",2022-03-02,2022-03-05,Unknown
447,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse suspends all Russian stocks and financial instruments. The decision to suspend trading will take be… https://t.co/H4W3BkPmG8,nan,Deutsche Börse suspends all Russian stocks and financial instruments. The decision to suspend trading will take be… https://t.co/H4W3BkPmG8,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Russian stocks', 'financial instruments', 'decision', 'trading', 'H4W3BkPmG8', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Russian stocks', 'financial instruments', 'decision', 'trading', 'H4W3BkPmG8']",2022-03-02,2022-03-04,Unknown
448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/almost-20-global-private-capital-123000949.html,Almost 20% of global private capital CFOs have yet to begin integrating ESG into investment processes,"New research* from Intertrust N.V. (""Intertrust Group"" or ""Company"") [Euronext: INTER] a world leader in providing specialised administration services to...","LONDON  March 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- New research* from Intertrust N.V. (""Intertrust Group"" or ""Company"") [Euronext: INTER] a world leader in providing specialised administration services to clients… [+4485 chars]",positive,0.5,0.44,0.06,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['global private capital CFOs', 'investment processes', 'ESG', 'specialised administration services', 'Intertrust N.V.', 'Intertrust Group', 'New research', 'world leader', 'LONDON', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'clients', '4485 chars']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,finance.yahoo.com
449,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-liquidity-094300820.html,VEON liquidity update,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today provides an update on its current...,AMSTERDAM  March 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today provides an update on its current … [+2839 chars],neutral,0.12,0.83,0.05,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['VEON liquidity update', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'update', '2839 chars']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,finance.yahoo.com
450,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/celyad-oncology-announces-clinical-hold-073000513.html,Celyad Oncology Announces Clinical Hold of CYAD-101-002 Phase 1b Trial,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  March 02  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology ...,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  March 02  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology SA (Euronext &amp; Nasdaq: CYAD) (the Company)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on the discovery and dev… [+2789 chars],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Celyad Oncology', 'Clinical Hold', 'CYAD', 'Celyad Oncology SA', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'March', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'CYAD', 'discovery', 'dev', '2789 chars']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,finance.yahoo.com
451,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nicox-partner-fera-pharmaceuticals-obtains-063000165.html,Nicox’s Partner Fera Pharmaceuticals Obtains Orphan Drug Designation from the U.S. FDA for Naproxcinod for the Treatment of Sickle Cell Disease,Press ReleaseNicox’s Partner Fera Pharmaceuticals Obtains Orphan Drug Designation from the U.S. FDA for Naproxcinod for the Treatment of Sickle Cell...,March 2nd  2022 release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  and Fera Pharmaceuticals  a privately-held  U.S.… [+3820 chars],negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Partner Fera Pharmaceuticals', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'U.S. FDA', 'Sickle Cell Disease', 'Nicox', 'Naproxcinod', 'Treatment', 'CET Sophia Antipolis', 'international ophthalmology company', 'March 2nd', 'Nicox SA', 'Euronext Paris', 'Fera Pharmaceuticals', 'U.S', '2022 release', 'France', '3820 chars', '7:30']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,finance.yahoo.com
452,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/almost-20-of-global-private-capital-cfos-have-yet-to-begin-integrating-esg-into-investment-processes-301493421.html,Almost 20% of global private capital CFOs have yet to begin integrating ESG into investment processes,"LONDON  March 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- New research* from Intertrust N.V. (""Intertrust Group"" or ""Company"") [Euronext: INTER] a world leader in providing specialised administration services to clients in over 30 jurisdictions  reveals that CFOs continue to fea…","LONDON  March 2  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- New research* from Intertrust N.V. (""Intertrust Group"" or ""Company"") [Euronext: INTER] a world leader in providing specialised administration services to clients in over 30 jurisdictions  reveals that CFOs continue to fea…",positive,0.5,0.44,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['global private capital CFOs', 'investment processes', 'ESG', 'specialised administration services', 'Intertrust N.V.', 'Intertrust Group', 'New research', 'world leader', 'LONDON', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'clients', '30 jurisdictions', 'CFOs']",2022-03-02,2022-03-03,prnewswire.com
453,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream are an unglamorous but vital part of the global financial markets  where around €50tn of… https://t.co/oPpkYC5AwJ,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream are an unglamorous but vital part of the global financial markets  where around €50tn of… https://t.co/oPpkYC5AwJ,neutral,0.07,0.72,0.21,neutral,0.07,0.72,0.21,True,English,"['global financial markets', 'vital part', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'unglamorous', 'oPpkYC5AwJ', 'global financial markets', 'vital part', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'unglamorous', 'oPpkYC5AwJ']",2022-03-03,2022-03-05,Unknown
454,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/Oew1XRs1Ci,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors https://t.co/Oew1XRs1Ci,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,neutral,0.01,0.86,0.13,True,English,"['rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'Oew1XRs1Ci', 'rouble bond investors', 'exit route', 'Euroclear', 'Oew1XRs1Ci']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
455,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities  Euroclear Bank and Clearstream are no longer acc… https://t.co/69F7oXqk24,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities  Euroclear Bank and Clearstream are no longer acc… https://t.co/69F7oXqk24,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,True,English,"['Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear Bank', '69F7oXqk24', 'Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear Bank', '69F7oXqk24']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
456,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Citi lays out long-term plan for bolstering profits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oenwE3Zk20 #regtech,nan,Citi lays out long-term plan for bolstering profits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oenwE3Zk20 #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['long-term plan', 'Citi', 'profits', 'Fintech', 'oenwE3Zk20', 'regtech', 'long-term plan', 'Citi', 'profits', 'Fintech', 'oenwE3Zk20', 'regtech']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
457,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream Shut Down Settlement of Russian Securities https://t.co/mraEcrUih9,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream Shut Down Settlement of Russian Securities https://t.co/mraEcrUih9,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,True,English,"['Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Settlement', 'mraEcrUih9', 'Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Settlement', 'mraEcrUih9']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
458,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream are an unglamorous but vital part of the global financial markets  where around €50tn of… https://t.co/oPpkYC5AwJ,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream are an unglamorous but vital part of the global financial markets  where around €50tn of… https://t.co/oPpkYC5AwJ,neutral,0.07,0.72,0.21,neutral,0.07,0.72,0.21,True,English,"['global financial markets', 'vital part', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'unglamorous', 'oPpkYC5AwJ', 'global financial markets', 'vital part', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'unglamorous', 'oPpkYC5AwJ']",2022-03-03,2022-03-07,Unknown
459,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Here you can find relevant information for Clearstream customers on Ukraine-related arrangements https://t.co/mGJ0KYs1xH,nan,Here you can find relevant information for Clearstream customers on Ukraine-related arrangements https://t.co/mGJ0KYs1xH,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['relevant information', 'Clearstream customers', 'Ukraine-related arrangements', 'mGJ0KYs1xH', 'relevant information', 'Clearstream customers', 'Ukraine-related arrangements', 'mGJ0KYs1xH']",2022-03-03,2022-03-07,Unknown
460,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext and Clearstream strengthen collaboration for access to Danish markets Euronext Securities has partnered wi… https://t.co/M0Ka0890wj,nan,Euronext and Clearstream strengthen collaboration for access to Danish markets Euronext Securities has partnered wi… https://t.co/M0Ka0890wj,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,True,English,"['Danish markets', 'Euronext Securities', 'Clearstream', 'collaboration', 'access', 'wi', 'M0Ka0890wj', 'Danish markets', 'Euronext Securities', 'Clearstream', 'collaboration', 'access', 'wi', 'M0Ka0890wj']",2022-03-03,2022-03-06,Unknown
461,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities  Euroclear Bank and Clearstream are no longer acc… https://t.co/69F7oXqk24,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream halt settlements for Russian securities  Euroclear Bank and Clearstream are no longer acc… https://t.co/69F7oXqk24,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,True,English,"['Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear Bank', '69F7oXqk24', 'Clearstream halt settlements', 'Russian securities', 'Euroclear Bank', '69F7oXqk24']",2022-03-03,2022-03-06,Unknown
462,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream Shut Down Settlement of Russian Securities https://t.co/mraEcrUih9,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream Shut Down Settlement of Russian Securities https://t.co/mraEcrUih9,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,neutral,0.02,0.59,0.39,True,English,"['Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Settlement', 'mraEcrUih9', 'Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Settlement', 'mraEcrUih9']",2022-03-03,2022-03-06,Unknown
463,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-03/55407234-daimler-truck-hannover-re-to-be-included-in-dax-deutsche-boerse-says-436.htm,Aktien»Nachrichten»DAIMLER TRUCK AKTIE»Daimler Truck  Hannover Re to Be Included in DAX  Deutsche Boerse Says,(PLX AI) - Deutsche Boerse says Daimler Truck and Hannover Rueck to be included in DAX.• Beiersdorf  Siemens Energy to be deleted from DAX and added to MDAX,(PLX AI) - Deutsche Boerse says Daimler Truck and Hannover Rueck to be included in DAX.• Beiersdorf  Siemens Energy to be deleted from DAX and added to MDAX,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.23,0.72,0.05,True,English,"['DAIMLER TRUCK AKTIE', 'Aktien»Nachrichten', 'Hannover Re', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DAX', 'PLX AI', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Daimler Truck', 'Hannover Rueck', 'Siemens Energy', 'DAX', 'Beiersdorf']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,finanznachrichten.de
464,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.wallstreet-online.de/nachricht/15136199-daimler-truck-hannover-re-to-be-included-dax-deutsche-boerse-says,Daimler Truck  Hannover Re to Be Included in DAX  Deutsche Boerse Says,(PLX AI) – Deutsche Boerse says Daimler Truck and Hannover Rueck to be included in DAX.Beiersdorf  Siemens Energy to be deleted from DAX and added to MDAX (PLX AI) – Deutsche Boerse says Daimler Truck and Hannover Rueck to be included in DAX.,(PLX AI) – Deutsche Boerse says Daimler Truck and Hannover Rueck to be included in DAX.Beiersdorf  Siemens Energy to be deleted from DAX and added to MDAX (PLX AI) – Deutsche Boerse says Daimler Truck and Hannover Rueck to be included in DAX.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Daimler Truck', 'Hannover Re', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DAX', 'PLX AI', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Daimler Truck', 'Hannover Rueck', 'Siemens Energy', 'DAX', 'Beiersdorf']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,wallstreet-online.de
465,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse: Daimler Truck And Hannover Rueck To Be Included In DAX,nan,Deutsche Boerse: Daimler Truck And Hannover Rueck To Be Included In DAX,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Daimler Truck', 'Hannover Rueck', 'DAX', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Daimler Truck', 'Hannover Rueck', 'DAX']",2022-03-03,2022-03-09,Unknown
466,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse expands Russia-related securities it will no longer trade https://t.co/n47NqP5i3n,nan,Deutsche Boerse expands Russia-related securities it will no longer trade https://t.co/n47NqP5i3n,neutral,0.01,0.89,0.09,neutral,0.01,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Russia-related securities', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russia-related securities']",2022-03-03,2022-03-09,Unknown
467,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,* Deutsche Boerse  the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq had already halted trading in Russian companies with… https://t.co/AaXirwUvqP,nan,* Deutsche Boerse  the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq had already halted trading in Russian companies with… https://t.co/AaXirwUvqP,negative,0.01,0.47,0.52,negative,0.01,0.47,0.52,True,English,"['New York Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian companies', 'Nasdaq', 'trading', 'AaXirwUvqP', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Russian companies', 'Nasdaq', 'trading', 'AaXirwUvqP']",2022-03-03,2022-03-09,Unknown
468,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,.@DeutscheBoerse hats off to dedicating tomorrow's trading and transaction fees collected through Börse Frankfurt t… https://t.co/3i52ugtejU,nan,.@DeutscheBoerse hats off to dedicating tomorrow's trading and transaction fees collected through Börse Frankfurt t… https://t.co/3i52ugtejU,negative,0.13,0.28,0.59,negative,0.13,0.28,0.59,True,English,"['transaction fees', 'Börse', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'tomorrow', 'trading', 'Frankfurt', 'i52ugtejU', 'transaction fees', 'Börse', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'tomorrow', 'trading', 'Frankfurt', 'i52ugtejU']",2022-03-03,2022-03-09,Unknown
469,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,GM/GA/GN Fidelity International launches Bitcoin ETP on Deutsche Boerse - Cointelegraph https://t.co/ONVVTTJ8Zv,nan,GM/GA/GN Fidelity International launches Bitcoin ETP on Deutsche Boerse - Cointelegraph https://t.co/ONVVTTJ8Zv,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['GM/GA/GN Fidelity International', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cointelegraph', 'ONVVTTJ8Zv', 'GM/GA/GN Fidelity International', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Cointelegraph', 'ONVVTTJ8Zv']",2022-03-03,2022-03-09,Unknown
470,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Börse consider #Daml to be an opportunity to unlock new users  assets  and markets in a… https://t.co/ZjdXXXUbci,nan,Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Börse consider #Daml to be an opportunity to unlock new users  assets  and markets in a… https://t.co/ZjdXXXUbci,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Goldman Sachs', 'new users', 'opportunity', 'assets', 'markets', 'ZjdXXXUbci', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Goldman Sachs', 'new users', 'opportunity', 'assets', 'markets', 'ZjdXXXUbci']",2022-03-03,2022-03-08,Unknown
471,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Digital Asset unveils Daml 2.0 amid praise from Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Börse - Digital Asset has unveiled Daml… https://t.co/G7wm6sTDUQ,nan,Digital Asset unveils Daml 2.0 amid praise from Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Börse - Digital Asset has unveiled Daml… https://t.co/G7wm6sTDUQ,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Asset', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Daml', 'praise', 'G7wm6sTDUQ', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Digital Asset', 'Goldman Sachs', 'Daml', 'praise', 'G7wm6sTDUQ']",2022-03-03,2022-03-08,Unknown
472,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/strategic-partnership-agreement-between-euronext-193100691.html,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services Milan – 3 March 2022 – Euronext Securities Milan (Monte Titoli) and...,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuerservicesMilan3March2022 Euronext Securities Milan (Monte Titoli) and Spafid today announce the agreement for a strate… [+8154 chars],neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic partnership agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'issuer services', 'Spafid', 'Milan3March2022 Euronext Securities Milan', 'Strategic partnership agreement', 'Monte Titoli', 'Spafid', 'issuerservices', '8154 chars']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,finance.yahoo.com
473,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veons-mobileid-wins-best-mobile-060000117.html,VEON's MobileID Wins Best Mobile Operator Service for Connected Consumers at Global Mobile Awards 2022,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that it has been named...,BARCELONA  Spain  March 3  2022/PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that it has been … [+3596 chars],positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Best Mobile Operator Service', 'Global Mobile Awards', 'Connected Consumers', 'VEON', 'MobileID', 'leading global provider', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'internet services', 'VEON Ltd.', 'BARCELONA', 'Spain', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', '3596 chars']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,finance.yahoo.com
474,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-successfully-raises-eur-10-111500349.html,OXURION SUCCESSFULLY RAISES EUR >10 MILLION FROM LEADING US AND EUROPEAN HEALTHCARE INVESTORS IN A PRIVATE EQUITY PLACEMENT,"Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US - MARCH 3  2022 – 08:00 AM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the ""Company"" or ""Oxurion"")  a biopharmaceutical...","Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US - MARCH 3 202208:00 AMCET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the ""Company"" or ""Oxurion"")  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care op… [+15331 chars]",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,True,English,"['OXURION SUCCESSFULLY RAISES', 'EUROPEAN HEALTHCARE INVESTORS', 'PRIVATE EQUITY PLACEMENT', 'LEADING US', '10 MILLION', 'next generation standard', 'AMCET Oxurion NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'care op', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'MARCH', '+15331 chars']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,finance.yahoo.com
475,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220303005946/en/GAUSSIN-Announces-World-Tour-for-its-Hydrogen-Powered-H2-Racing-Truck%C2%AE-Following-Success-at-2022-Dakar-Rally,GAUSSIN Announces World Tour for its Hydrogen-Powered H2 Racing Truck®  Following Success at 2022 Dakar Rally,HÉRICOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GAUSSIN (EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer in the clean and intelligent transport of goods and people  today announced the world tour of its H2 Racing Truck®  the world's first hydrogen-powered truck  which c…,HÉRICOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GAUSSIN (EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer in the clean and intelligent transport of goods and people  today announced the world tour of its H2 Racing Truck®  the world's first hydrogen-powered truck  which c…,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['Hydrogen-Powered H2 Racing Truck®', 'World Tour', '2022 Dakar Rally', 'GAUSSIN', 'Success', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU', 'H2 Racing Truck®', 'first hydrogen-powered truck', 'HÉRICOURT', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'intelligent transport', 'world tour', 'GAUSSIN', 'pioneer', 'clean', 'goods', 'people']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,businesswire.com
476,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veons-mobileid-wins-best-mobile-operator-service-for-connected-consumers-at-global-mobile-awards-2022-301494472.html,VEON's MobileID Wins Best Mobile Operator Service for Connected Consumers at Global Mobile Awards 2022,BARCELONA  Spain  March 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that it has been named Best Mobile Operator Service for Connected Consumers …,BARCELONA  Spain  March 3  2022 /PRNewswire/ --?VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON)  (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that it has been named Best Mobile Operator Service for Connected Consumers …,positive,0.69,0.31,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Best Mobile Operator Service', 'Global Mobile Awards', 'Connected Consumers', 'VEON', 'MobileID', 'leading global provider', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'internet services', 'Operator Service', 'Connected Consumers', 'VEON Ltd.', 'BARCELONA', 'Spain', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,prnewswire.com
477,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/03/03/2396667/0/en/Strategic-partnership-agreement-between-Euronext-Securities-and-Spafid-in-issuer-services.html,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities,4 hours ago,4 hours ago,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic partnership agreement', 'Euronext Securities']",2022-03-04,2022-03-04,globenewswire.com
478,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ELLIPTIC-LABORATORIES-ASA-113902294/news/Elliptic-Labs-Approval-and-publication-of-prospectus-and-transfer-of-listing-from-Euronext-Growth-39651119/,Elliptic Labs - Approval and publication of prospectus and transfer of listing from Euronext Growth to Oslo Børs,11 hours ago,11 hours ago,neutral,0.24,0.74,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Oslo Børs', 'Elliptic Labs', 'Euronext Growth', 'Approval', 'publication', 'prospectus', 'transfer', 'listing']",2022-03-04,2022-03-04,marketscreener.com
479,EuroNext,Bing API,https://apnews.com/press-release/news-direct-corporation/technology-business-paris-australia-delta-drone-sa-391470d9f436209bb38915904a855659,Volatus Aerospace Makes Strategic Investment in Delta Drone to Solidify Global Drone Presence,Volatus Aerospace announced the signing of a definitive agreement on March 3rd  2022  to make a strategic investment in Delta Drone SA  a company based in Lyon  France  listed on the Euronext Growth Paris stock exchange.,Volatus Aerospace announced the signing of a definitive agreement on March 3rd  2022  to make a strategic investment in Delta Drone SA  a company based in Lyon  France  listed on the Euronext Growth Paris stock exchange.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Global Drone Presence', 'Delta Drone', 'Volatus Aerospace', 'Strategic Investment', 'Euronext Growth Paris stock exchange', 'Delta Drone SA', 'Volatus Aerospace', 'definitive agreement', 'March 3rd', 'strategic investment', 'signing', 'company', 'Lyon', 'France']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,apnews.com
480,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/strategic-partnership-agreement-between-euronext-193100435.html,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services Milan – 3 March 2022 – Euronext Securities Milan (Monte Titoli) and Spafid today announce the agreement for a strategic partnership whereby: i) Euronext Securities Milan will acquire the General Meetings ,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services Milan – 3 March 2022 – Euronext Securities Milan (Monte Titoli) and Spafid today announce the agreement for a strategic partnership whereby: i) Euronext Securities Milan will acquire the General Meetings ,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic partnership agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'issuer services', 'Spafid', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'Strategic partnership agreement', 'issuer services', 'Monte Titoli', 'General Meetings', 'Spafid', '3 March']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,uk.finance.yahoo.com
481,EuroNext,Bing API,https://apnews.com/press-release/business-wire/technology-business-middle-east-europe-france-979e3915995a4862987f7e25d6ce7c84,GAUSSIN Announces World Tour for its Hydrogen-Powered H2 Racing Truck®  Following Success at 2022 Dakar Rally,GAUSSIN (EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer in the clean and intelligent transport of goods and people  today announced the world tour of its H2 Racing Truck ®  the world’s first hydrogen-powered truck ,GAUSSIN (EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer in the clean and intelligent transport of goods and people  today announced the world tour of its H2 Racing Truck ®  the world’s first hydrogen-powered truck ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Hydrogen-Powered H2 Racing Truck®', 'World Tour', '2022 Dakar Rally', 'GAUSSIN', 'Success', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU', 'H2 Racing Truck', 'first hydrogen-powered truck', 'intelligent transport', 'world tour', 'GAUSSIN', 'pioneer', 'clean', 'goods', 'people']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,apnews.com
482,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.musicweek.com/labels/read/umg-revenue-up-17-in-2021-following-ipo/085339,UMG revenue up 17% in 2021 following IPO,UMG successfully listed on Amsterdam’s Euronext exchange in September 2021. The major generated revenue of €8.504 billion in the calendar year 2021  a year-on-year increase of 17% (all figures at constant currency). During 2021  recorded music ...,UMG successfully listed on Amsterdam’s Euronext exchange in September 2021. The major generated revenue of €8.504 billion in the calendar year 2021  a year-on-year increase of 17% (all figures at constant currency). During 2021  recorded music ...,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['UMG revenue', 'IPO', 'Euronext exchange', 'calendar year', 'year increase', 'constant currency', 'UMG', 'Amsterdam', 'September', 'major', 'revenue', 'figures', 'music', '2021']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,musicweek.com
483,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@conkers3 @LSEplc @Refinitiv @LSEGplc @euronext A few too many iterations of the word Adjusted.  I’m too old fashio… https://t.co/CeVJvf1POd,nan,@conkers3 @LSEplc @Refinitiv @LSEGplc @euronext A few too many iterations of the word Adjusted.  I’m too old fashio… https://t.co/CeVJvf1POd,neutral,0.02,0.82,0.16,neutral,0.02,0.82,0.16,True,English,"['many iterations', 'old fashio', 'conkers3', 'LSEplc', 'Refinitiv', 'LSEGplc', 'euronext', 'word', 'CeVJvf1POd', 'many iterations', 'old fashio', 'conkers3', 'LSEplc', 'Refinitiv', 'LSEGplc', 'euronext', 'word', 'CeVJvf1POd']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
484,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@8986Yoshi Euronext Paris.,nan,@8986Yoshi Euronext Paris.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['8986Yoshi Euronext Paris', '8986Yoshi Euronext Paris']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
485,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@LSEplc @Refinitiv @LSEGplc @euronext #LSEG+9% £69.84✅#AI #INVESTING #FINTECH #TRADING #BigData $LSEGPositive 202… https://t.co/gGHs2QQNWt,nan,@LSEplc @Refinitiv @LSEGplc @euronext #LSEG+9% £69.84?#AI #INVESTING #FINTECH #TRADING #BigData $LSEGPositive 202… https://t.co/gGHs2QQNWt,neutral,0.21,0.52,0.27,neutral,0.21,0.52,0.27,True,English,"['LSEplc', 'LSEGplc', 'euronext', 'AI', 'INVESTING', 'FINTECH', 'TRADING', 'BigData', 'gGHs2QQNWt', 'LSEplc', 'LSEGplc', 'euronext', 'AI', 'INVESTING', 'FINTECH', 'TRADING', 'BigData', 'gGHs2QQNWt']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
486,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services https://t.co/qWys7cOsj6,nan,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services https://t.co/qWys7cOsj6,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic partnership agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'issuer\xa0services', 'Spafid', 'qWys7cOsj6', 'Strategic partnership agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'issuer\xa0services', 'Spafid', 'qWys7cOsj6']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
487,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Strategic Partnership Agreement Between Euronext Securities And Spafid In Issuer Service https://t.co/9WGpj3ltON,nan,Strategic Partnership Agreement Between Euronext Securities And Spafid In Issuer Service https://t.co/9WGpj3ltON,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic Partnership Agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'Issuer Service', 'Spafid', '9WGpj3ltON', 'Strategic Partnership Agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'Issuer Service', 'Spafid', '9WGpj3ltON']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
488,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services https://t.co/h3lNshAz68,nan,Strategic partnership agreement between Euronext Securities and Spafid in issuer services https://t.co/h3lNshAz68,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Strategic partnership agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'issuer services', 'Spafid', 'h3lNshAz68', 'Strategic partnership agreement', 'Euronext Securities', 'issuer services', 'Spafid', 'h3lNshAz68']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
489,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@MrDavidNIO @jonstewart Means more when you realize his brother is COO and Head of Equity Markets at NYSE Euronext.,nan,@MrDavidNIO @jonstewart Means more when you realize his brother is COO and Head of Equity Markets at NYSE Euronext.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Equity Markets', 'NYSE Euronext', 'MrDavidNIO', 'jonstewart', 'brother', 'COO', 'Head', 'Equity Markets', 'NYSE Euronext', 'MrDavidNIO', 'jonstewart', 'brother', 'COO', 'Head']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
490,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@crypto_birb yep! where's the limit? Same on Euronext Matif. Inflation is gona be crazyy,nan,@crypto_birb yep! where's the limit? Same on Euronext Matif. Inflation is gona be crazyy,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Matif', 'crypto_birb', 'limit', 'Inflation', 'gona', 'Euronext Matif', 'crypto_birb', 'limit', 'Inflation', 'gona']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
491,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,EURONEXT 100 https://t.co/t2QnGcuyuA,nan,EURONEXT 100 https://t.co/t2QnGcuyuA,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['EURONEXT', 't2QnGcuyuA', 'EURONEXT', 't2QnGcuyuA']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
492,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Euronext #OATT Euronext Paris today @ 14.34 Hrs CET - Note the prices of #Corn 🌽 and those of Milling #Wheat 🌾 https://t.co/u8R7BHV95i,nan,#Euronext #OATT Euronext Paris today @ 14.34 Hrs CET - Note the prices of #Corn ?? and those of Milling #Wheat ?? https://t.co/u8R7BHV95i,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', 'OATT', 'prices', 'Milling', 'Wheat', 'u8R7BHV95i', '14.34', 'Euronext Paris', 'OATT', 'prices', 'Milling', 'Wheat', 'u8R7BHV95i', '14.34']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
493,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@hughhewitt @Telegraph Any news about Euronext doing something similar?,nan,@hughhewitt @Telegraph Any news about Euronext doing something similar?,neutral,0.06,0.77,0.17,neutral,0.06,0.77,0.17,True,English,"['hughhewitt', 'Telegraph', 'news', 'Euronext', 'something', 'hughhewitt', 'Telegraph', 'news', 'Euronext', 'something']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
494,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Nordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext companies. HDLV displays notable r… https://t.co/vOKmqyclO8,nan,Nordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext companies. HDLV displays notable r… https://t.co/vOKmqyclO8,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'notable r', 'HDLV index', 'vOKmqyclO8', '30', 'Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'notable r', 'HDLV index', 'vOKmqyclO8', '30']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
495,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@ff_invest0x Personally I don’t trade wheat but whether u buy US CME futures or Euronext (MATIF) milling wheat  bot… https://t.co/nCyJnl4mkD,nan,@ff_invest0x Personally I don’t trade wheat but whether u buy US CME futures or Euronext (MATIF) milling wheat  bot… https://t.co/nCyJnl4mkD,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['US CME futures', 'MATIF) milling wheat', 'Euronext', 'nCyJnl4mkD', 'US CME futures', 'MATIF) milling wheat', 'Euronext', 'nCyJnl4mkD']",2022-03-03,2022-03-04,Unknown
496,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,TerraCom (ASX:TER) has reported a further contribution to reduce its debt for the Euroclear bond facility.… https://t.co/yslU8ALJzE,nan,TerraCom (ASX:TER) has reported a further contribution to reduce its debt for the Euroclear bond facility.… https://t.co/yslU8ALJzE,negative,0.02,0.45,0.53,negative,0.02,0.45,0.53,True,English,"['Euroclear bond facility', 'TerraCom', 'ASX', 'contribution', 'debt', 'yslU8ALJzE', 'Euroclear bond facility', 'TerraCom', 'ASX', 'contribution', 'debt', 'yslU8ALJzE']",2022-03-05,2022-03-06,Unknown
497,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,$TER TerraCom (ASX:TER) further reduces debt to the Euroclear Bond (via themarketherald) https://t.co/p26sDrUYGC… https://t.co/3D5i16No7o,nan,$TER TerraCom (ASX:TER) further reduces debt to the Euroclear Bond (via themarketherald) https://t.co/p26sDrUYGC… https://t.co/3D5i16No7o,negative,0.01,0.42,0.57,negative,0.01,0.42,0.57,True,English,"['Euroclear Bond', '$TER TerraCom', 'ASX', 'debt', 'themarketherald', 'p26sDrUYGC', 'Euroclear Bond', '$TER TerraCom', 'ASX', 'debt', 'themarketherald', 'p26sDrUYGC']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
498,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@DavidBCollum Too late: the settlement ship sailed alreadyClearstream and Euroclear can no longer process trades,nan,@DavidBCollum Too late: the settlement ship sailed alreadyClearstream and Euroclear can no longer process trades,negative,0.03,0.41,0.56,negative,0.03,0.41,0.56,True,English,"['settlement ship', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trades', 'settlement ship', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trades']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
499,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,"From TheMarketHeraldComAu "" TerraCom (ASX:TER) further reduces debt to the Euroclear Bond "" published 4/03/2022… https://t.co/yTBbQum0bg",nan,"From TheMarketHeraldComAu "" TerraCom (ASX:TER) further reduces debt to the Euroclear Bond "" published 4/03/2022… https://t.co/yTBbQum0bg",neutral,0.02,0.53,0.45,neutral,0.02,0.53,0.45,True,English,"['Euroclear Bond', 'TheMarketHeraldComAu', 'TerraCom', 'ASX', 'debt', 'yTBbQum0bg', 'Euroclear Bond', 'TheMarketHeraldComAu', 'TerraCom', 'ASX', 'debt', 'yTBbQum0bg']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
500,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@skywalker_2k @FinanceLancelot that's assuming Euroclear settlement goes through,nan,@skywalker_2k @FinanceLancelot that's assuming Euroclear settlement goes through,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear settlement', 'skywalker_2k', 'FinanceLancelot', 'Euroclear settlement', 'skywalker_2k', 'FinanceLancelot']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
501,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,"TERRACOM LTD ( $TER $TER.ax )  has released "" Further US$20M debt reduction to the Euroclear Bond "" on 4/03/2022 at… https://t.co/Xv1SahVlu9",nan,"TERRACOM LTD ( $TER $TER.ax )  has released "" Further US$20M debt reduction to the Euroclear Bond "" on 4/03/2022 at… https://t.co/Xv1SahVlu9",neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,neutral,0.0,0.58,0.42,True,English,"['Further US$20M debt reduction', 'TERRACOM LTD', 'Euroclear Bond', '4/03', 'Xv1SahVlu9', 'Further US$20M debt reduction', 'TERRACOM LTD', 'Euroclear Bond', '4/03', 'Xv1SahVlu9']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
502,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,$TERFURTHER US$20M DEBT REDUCTION TO THE EUROCLEAR BOND• Coal prices and cash generation remain very strong• F… https://t.co/ZxizPybQYT,nan,$TERFURTHER US$20M DEBT REDUCTION TO THE EUROCLEAR BOND• Coal prices and cash generation remain very strong• F… https://t.co/ZxizPybQYT,neutral,0.02,0.56,0.42,neutral,0.02,0.56,0.42,True,English,"['US$20M', 'EUROCLEAR BOND', 'Coal prices', 'cash generation', 'FURTHER', 'REDUCTION', 'ZxizPybQYT', 'US$20M', 'EUROCLEAR BOND', 'Coal prices', 'cash generation', 'FURTHER', 'REDUCTION', 'ZxizPybQYT']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
503,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,$TER $TER.ax⚠ Further US$20M debt reduction to the Euroclear BondFri  04 Mar 2022 11:26📈pr = 39c💼soi = 754M💵m… https://t.co/6cygU93BDm,nan,$TER $TER.ax? Further US$20M debt reduction to the Euroclear BondFri  04 Mar 2022 11:26??pr = 39c??soi = 754M??m… https://t.co/6cygU93BDm,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,True,English,"['US$20M debt reduction', 'Euroclear Bond', '04 Mar', '754M', 'cygU93BDm', 'US$20M debt reduction', 'Euroclear Bond', '04 Mar', '754M', 'cygU93BDm']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,Unknown
504,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@DavidBCollum Too late: the settlement ship sailed alreadyClearstream and Euroclear can no longer process trades,nan,@DavidBCollum Too late: the settlement ship sailed alreadyClearstream and Euroclear can no longer process trades,negative,0.03,0.41,0.56,negative,0.03,0.41,0.56,True,English,"['settlement ship', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trades', 'settlement ship', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'trades']",2022-03-04,2022-03-07,Unknown
505,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse’s Cash Markets Generate €205.4 Billion in Turnover during February. The number highlights a sharp in… https://t.co/hDf9kjVOdn,nan,Deutsche Börse’s Cash Markets Generate €205.4 Billion in Turnover during February. The number highlights a sharp in… https://t.co/hDf9kjVOdn,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Cash Markets', 'Turnover', 'February', 'number', 'sharp', 'hDf9kjVOdn', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Cash Markets', 'Turnover', 'February', 'number', 'sharp', 'hDf9kjVOdn']",2022-03-04,2022-03-09,Unknown
506,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/euronext-milan-to-buy-spafid-s-issuer-services-business-271646375837,Euronext Milan to Buy Spafid's Issuer Services Business - MarketWatch,By Jaime Llinares Taboada Euronext NV said Friday that its Milan branch will buy the general meetings  designated representative  and shareholder's registers...,By Jaime Llinares TaboadaEuronext NV said Friday that its Milan branch will buy the general meetings  designated representative  and shareholder's registers activities of Italian bank Spafid S.p.A.… [+576 chars],neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Issuer Services Business', 'Euronext Milan', 'Spafid', 'MarketWatch', 'Italian bank Spafid S.p.A', 'Jaime Llinares Taboada', 'Euronext NV', 'Milan branch', 'general meetings', 'representative', 'shareholder', 'activities', '576 chars']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,marketwatch.com
507,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-volumes-february-2022-170000994.html,Euronext announces volumes for February 2022,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+353 87 361 2380Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39...,<table><tr><td>ContactsMedia</td><td>Contact Investor Relations</td></tr><tr><td>Amsterdam</td><td>+31 20 721 4133</td><td>Brussels</td><td>+32 2 620 15 50</td><td>+33 1 70 48 24 27</td… [+4266 chars],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'Contact Investor Relations', 'ContactsMedia', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', '4266 chars']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,finance.yahoo.com
508,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-responds-investor-inquiries-161800978.html,VEON Responds to Investor Inquiries,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  after recent developments has concluded...,AMSTERDAM  March 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  after recent developments has concluded … [+2689 chars],neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Investor Inquiries', 'VEON', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'recent developments', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', '2689 chars']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,finance.yahoo.com
509,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-declaration-number-083000000.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of February 28  2022,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 4  2022 Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of February 28  2022 Dassault...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  FranceMarch 4  2022Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of February 28  2022Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.… [+2179 chars],positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'February', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'Euronext Paris', 'FranceMarch', 'Declaration', 'number', 'February', 'FR0014003TT', 'DSY', '2179 chars']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,finance.yahoo.com
510,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.waterstechnology.com/data-management/7935601/euronexts-datacenter-move-on-schedule-despite-supply-chain-issues,Euronext's datacenter move on schedule despite supply chain ...,13 hours ago,13 hours ago,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['supply chain', 'Euronext', 'datacenter', 'schedule']",2022-03-05,2022-03-05,waterstechnology.com
511,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/haffner-energy-stabilisation-transactions-183400353.html,Haffner Energy: Stabilisation Transactions,"Haffner Energy (Paris:ALHAF) (the ""Group"")  a key player in decarbonization and green hydrogen  has received notification that Portzamparc  acting as Stabilisation Agent in the context of the first admission to trading of ordinary shares of Haffner Energy on Euronext Growth Paris ","Haffner Energy (Paris:ALHAF) (the ""Group"")  a key player in decarbonization and green hydrogen  has received notification that Portzamparc  acting as Stabilisation Agent in the context of the first admission to trading of ordinary shares of Haffner Energy on Euronext Growth Paris ",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.32,0.66,0.02,True,English,"['Haffner Energy', 'Stabilisation Transactions', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Haffner Energy', 'key player', 'green hydrogen', 'Stabilisation Agent', 'first admission', 'ordinary shares', 'ALHAF', 'Group', 'decarbonization', 'notification', 'Portzamparc', 'context', 'trading']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,finance.yahoo.com
512,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-volumes-february-2022-170000671.html,Euronext announces volumes for February 2022,Euronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands ...,Euronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'global capital markets', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', 'regulated exchanges', 'Euronext', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,uk.finance.yahoo.com
513,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/edf-information-regarding-voting-rights-170000041.html,Edf: Information regarding the voting rights and shares,Listing location: NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment: Eurolist AISIN code: FR 0010242511 DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights28 February 2022 3 238 676 748 Number of theoretical voting rights: 5 ,Listing location: NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment: Eurolist AISIN code: FR 0010242511 DateTotal number of sharesTotal number of voting rights28 February 2022 3 238 676 748 Number of theoretical voting rights: 5 ,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['voting rights', 'Edf', 'Information', 'shares', 'NYSE Euronext-Paris Compartiment', 'Eurolist AISIN code', 'theoretical voting rights', 'voting rights28', 'Listing location', 'DateTotal number', 'sharesTotal number', 'February']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,uk.finance.yahoo.com
514,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Conversion Action THERACLION01 mars 2022Euronext Growth ParisYann Duchesne  PresidentConversionAction1.0990… https://t.co/sJSNWu8sz5,nan,Conversion Action THERACLION01 mars 2022Euronext Growth ParisYann Duchesne  PresidentConversionAction1.0990… https://t.co/sJSNWu8sz5,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris Yann Duchesne', 'Conversion Action', 'THERACLION', '01 mars', 'President', 'sJSNWu8sz5', 'Euronext Growth Paris Yann Duchesne', 'Conversion Action', 'THERACLION', '01 mars', 'President', 'sJSNWu8sz5']",2022-03-04,2022-03-07,Unknown
515,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,21Shares Lists Chainlink  Terra  And Uniswap ETPs on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam - https://t.co/8nkKXY61K8 https://t.co/NH8Ti0SVMm,nan,21Shares Lists Chainlink  Terra  And Uniswap ETPs on Euronext Paris and Amsterdam - https://t.co/8nkKXY61K8 https://t.co/NH8Ti0SVMm,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['21Shares Lists Chainlink', 'Euronext Paris', 'Terra', 'Uniswap', 'ETPs', 'Amsterdam', '8nkKXY61K8', 'NH8Ti0SVMm', '21Shares Lists Chainlink', 'Euronext Paris', 'Terra', 'Uniswap', 'ETPs', 'Amsterdam', '8nkKXY61K8', 'NH8Ti0SVMm']",2022-03-04,2022-03-07,Unknown
516,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#OATT🌾🌾#Euronext today @ 18.39 Hrs CET : #Wheat @ €396.25 (after reaching the highest ever of €426) https://t.co/2RvBqJnQ2v,nan,#OATT????#Euronext today @ 18.39 Hrs CET : #Wheat @ €396.25 (after reaching the highest ever of €426) https://t.co/2RvBqJnQ2v,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,True,English,"['18.39 Hrs CET', '18.39 Hrs CET']",2022-03-04,2022-03-07,Unknown
517,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Other European markets far lower on Friday  03/04/2022: Euronext 100 -4.69% at 1 159.76  lower for the week  Euro S… https://t.co/YD5trzfCyy,nan,Other European markets far lower on Friday  03/04/2022: Euronext 100 -4.69% at 1 159.76  lower for the week  Euro S… https://t.co/YD5trzfCyy,neutral,0.0,0.92,0.08,neutral,0.0,0.92,0.08,True,English,"['Other European markets', 'Euro S', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'YD5trzfCyy', 'Other European markets', 'Euro S', 'Friday', 'Euronext', 'week', 'YD5trzfCyy']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
518,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Billbrowder Fortune 500  Euronext 100 etc need to vet their lawyers and move on if said firm has Russian taint. Ne… https://t.co/VsAeNtDwuq,nan,@Billbrowder Fortune 500  Euronext 100 etc need to vet their lawyers and move on if said firm has Russian taint. Ne… https://t.co/VsAeNtDwuq,neutral,0.12,0.48,0.4,neutral,0.12,0.48,0.4,True,English,"['Russian taint', 'Euronext', 'lawyers', 'firm', 'VsAeNtDwuq', 'Russian taint', 'Euronext', 'lawyers', 'firm', 'VsAeNtDwuq']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
519,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$eu500 Euronext 500 target and alerts ready https://t.co/AkEr4TeEbz,nan,$eu500 Euronext 500 target and alerts ready https://t.co/AkEr4TeEbz,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext 500 target', 'alerts', 'AkEr4TeEbz', 'Euronext 500 target', 'alerts', 'AkEr4TeEbz']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
520,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,EURONEXT 100 https://t.co/ASB1LvVJYl,nan,EURONEXT 100 https://t.co/ASB1LvVJYl,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['EURONEXT', 'ASB1LvVJYl', 'EURONEXT', 'ASB1LvVJYl']",2022-03-04,2022-03-06,Unknown
521,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Acquisition Action GETLINK SE03 mars 2022Euronext ParisYANN LERICHE  DIRECTEUR GENERALAcquisitionAction14.47… https://t.co/DqjtT90eo0,nan,Acquisition Action GETLINK SE03 mars 2022Euronext ParisYANN LERICHE  DIRECTEUR GENERALAcquisitionAction14.47… https://t.co/DqjtT90eo0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Acquisition Action', 'GETLINK SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'YANN LERICHE', 'DIRECTEUR GENERAL', '03 mars', 'DqjtT90eo0', 'Acquisition Action', 'GETLINK SE', 'Euronext Paris', 'YANN LERICHE', 'DIRECTEUR GENERAL', '03 mars', 'DqjtT90eo0']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,Unknown
522,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,"$VEON Responds to Investor Inquiries""(Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and in… https://t.co/FQDHHbK60z",nan,"$VEON Responds to Investor Inquiries""(Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and in… https://t.co/FQDHHbK60z",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['leading global provider', 'Investor Inquiries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON', 'connectivity', 'FQDHHbK60z', 'leading global provider', 'Investor Inquiries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON', 'connectivity', 'FQDHHbK60z']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,Unknown
523,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces volumes for February 2022 https://t.co/m0j2QxSMkf Get all the latest $EUXTF… https://t.co/YuNkr6MrUA,nan,$EUXTF NEW ARTICLE : Euronext announces volumes for February 2022 https://t.co/m0j2QxSMkf Get all the latest $EUXTF… https://t.co/YuNkr6MrUA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['NEW ARTICLE', 'latest $EUXTF', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'm0j2QxSMkf', 'YuNkr6MrUA', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'latest $EUXTF', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'm0j2QxSMkf', 'YuNkr6MrUA']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,Unknown
524,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Cession Action VINCI01 mars 2022Euronext ParisQATAR HOLDING LLC   AdministrateurCessionAction93.8303  € x 81… https://t.co/gG6uzfgYOf,nan,Cession Action VINCI01 mars 2022Euronext ParisQATAR HOLDING LLC   AdministrateurCessionAction93.8303  € x 81… https://t.co/gG6uzfgYOf,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['QATAR HOLDING LLC', 'Cession Action VINCI', 'Euronext Paris', '01 mars', 'Administrateur', 'gG6uzfgYOf', 'QATAR HOLDING LLC', 'Cession Action VINCI', 'Euronext Paris', '01 mars', 'Administrateur', 'gG6uzfgYOf']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,Unknown
525,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces volumes for February 2022  https://t.co/KN2oV78k0Y,nan,Euronext announces volumes for February 2022  https://t.co/KN2oV78k0Y,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'co', 'KN2oV78k0Y', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'co', 'KN2oV78k0Y']",2022-03-04,2022-03-05,Unknown
526,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear,nan,Euroclear,neutral,0.13,0.81,0.06,neutral,0.13,0.81,0.06,True,English,"['Euroclear', 'Euroclear']",2022-03-05,2022-03-07,Unknown
527,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fed approves M&amp;T’s acquisition of People’s United #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pvrinLHOyV #regtech,nan,Fed approves M&amp;T’s acquisition of People’s United #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pvrinLHOyV #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['United #AAA Websites', 'M&amp', 'Fed', 'acquisition', 'People', 'Fintech', 'pvrinLHOyV', 'regtech', 'United #AAA Websites', 'M&amp', 'Fed', 'acquisition', 'People', 'Fintech', 'pvrinLHOyV', 'regtech']",2022-03-05,2022-03-07,Unknown
528,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,21Shares lists Chainlink  Terra  and Uniswap ETPs on Euronext exchanges - https://t.co/wWWrQbgLsG https://t.co/AVBRYi2JpF,nan,21Shares lists Chainlink  Terra  and Uniswap ETPs on Euronext exchanges - https://t.co/wWWrQbgLsG https://t.co/AVBRYi2JpF,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Uniswap ETPs', 'Euronext exchanges', '21Shares', 'Chainlink', 'Terra', 'wWWrQbgLsG', 'AVBRYi2JpF', 'Uniswap ETPs', 'Euronext exchanges', '21Shares', 'Chainlink', 'Terra', 'wWWrQbgLsG', 'AVBRYi2JpF']",2022-03-05,2022-03-07,Unknown
529,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Nordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext companies. HDLV displays notable r… https://t.co/qLIKtaZPyY,nan,Nordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext companies. HDLV displays notable r… https://t.co/qLIKtaZPyY,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'notable r', 'HDLV index', 'qLIKtaZPyY', '30', 'Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'notable r', 'HDLV index', 'qLIKtaZPyY', '30']",2022-03-05,2022-03-07,Unknown
530,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext,nan,Euronext,neutral,0.13,0.81,0.06,neutral,0.13,0.81,0.06,True,English,"['Euronext', 'Euronext']",2022-03-05,2022-03-07,Unknown
531,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext announces volumes for February 2022 https://t.co/bFDjtZ5YGI,nan,Euronext announces volumes for February 2022 https://t.co/bFDjtZ5YGI,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'bFDjtZ5YGI', 'Euronext', 'volumes', 'February', 'bFDjtZ5YGI']",2022-03-05,2022-03-07,Unknown
532,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,21Shares lists Chainlink  Terra  and Uniswap ETPs on Euronext exchanges https://t.co/E9LurgqYd2,nan,21Shares lists Chainlink  Terra  and Uniswap ETPs on Euronext exchanges https://t.co/E9LurgqYd2,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Uniswap ETPs', 'Euronext\xa0exchanges', '21Shares', 'Chainlink', 'Terra', 'E9LurgqYd2', 'Uniswap ETPs', 'Euronext\xa0exchanges', '21Shares', 'Chainlink', 'Terra', 'E9LurgqYd2']",2022-03-05,2022-03-07,Unknown
533,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,American Express  PayPal join payments industry boycott of Russia #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/12D8eletGM #regtech,nan,American Express  PayPal join payments industry boycott of Russia #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/12D8eletGM #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['payments industry boycott', 'American Express', 'PayPal', 'Russia', 'Fintech', 'D8eletGM', 'regtech', 'payments industry boycott', 'American Express', 'PayPal', 'Russia', 'Fintech', 'D8eletGM', 'regtech']",2022-03-06,2022-03-09,Unknown
534,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@WolfCapitalOpp @jeuasommenulle They can't make payments at Clearstream or Euroclear.,nan,@WolfCapitalOpp @jeuasommenulle They can't make payments at Clearstream or Euroclear.,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,True,English,"['WolfCapitalOpp', 'jeuasommenulle', 'payments', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'WolfCapitalOpp', 'jeuasommenulle', 'payments', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-03-06,2022-03-08,Unknown
535,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@WolfCapitalOpp @jeuasommenulle in rubles via euroclear? )) that link is closed already  and it was for rub-denominated govt issues,nan,@WolfCapitalOpp @jeuasommenulle in rubles via euroclear? )) that link is closed already  and it was for rub-denominated govt issues,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['denominated govt issues', 'jeuasommenulle', 'rubles', 'euroclear', 'link', 'denominated govt issues', 'jeuasommenulle', 'rubles', 'euroclear', 'link']",2022-03-06,2022-03-08,Unknown
536,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have e… https://t.co/sCIF87fUkS,nan,Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have e… https://t.co/sCIF87fUkS,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'sCIF87fUkS', 'settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'sCIF87fUkS']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
537,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,"@DavidBeckworth @Frances_Coppola By fits and starts?:""...clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepti… https://t.co/Ji2mXGNkba",nan,"@DavidBeckworth @Frances_Coppola By fits and starts?:""...clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepti… https://t.co/Ji2mXGNkba",positive,0.66,0.28,0.06,positive,0.66,0.28,0.06,True,English,"['clearing houses', 'DavidBeckworth', 'Frances_Coppola', 'fits', 'starts', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ji2mXGNkba', 'clearing houses', 'DavidBeckworth', 'Frances_Coppola', 'fits', 'starts', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ji2mXGNkba']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
538,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have excluded all… https://t.co/yQiqDkkfiG,nan,Clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have excluded all… https://t.co/yQiqDkkfiG,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Clearing houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'yQiqDkkfiG', 'Clearing houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'yQiqDkkfiG']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
539,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@SusanLiTV Apparently Euroclear is not settling transactions for any Russian corporates. Many upcoming maturities.,nan,@SusanLiTV Apparently Euroclear is not settling transactions for any Russian corporates. Many upcoming maturities.,neutral,0.08,0.79,0.13,neutral,0.08,0.79,0.13,True,English,"['Many upcoming maturities', 'Russian corporates', 'Euroclear', 'transactions', 'Many upcoming maturities', 'Russian corporates', 'Euroclear', 'transactions']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
540,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Visa and Mastercard suspend their operations in Russia #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/AqMl8guaCq #regtech,nan,Visa and Mastercard suspend their operations in Russia #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/AqMl8guaCq #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Visa', 'Mastercard', 'operations', 'Russia', 'Fintech', 'AqMl8guaCq', 'regtech', 'Visa', 'Mastercard', 'operations', 'Russia', 'Fintech', 'AqMl8guaCq', 'regtech']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
541,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,"""Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have… https://t.co/XYww6fwNCy",nan,"""Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have… https://t.co/XYww6fwNCy",neutral,0.01,0.66,0.33,neutral,0.01,0.66,0.33,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'XYww6fwNCy', 'settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'XYww6fwNCy']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
542,Clearstream,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/putin-seeks-avert-defaults-ruble-230118728.html,Putin’s Ruble Workaround Still Leaves Bond Payments in Doubt,Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have excluded all securities issued by Russian entities from all Triparty transactions ...,Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have excluded all securities issued by Russian entities from all Triparty transactions ...,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Ruble Workaround', 'Bond Payments', 'Putin', 'Doubt', 'settlement currency', 'Russian entities', 'Triparty transactions', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'securities']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,finance.yahoo.com
543,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@WolfCapitalOpp @jeuasommenulle They can't make payments at Clearstream or Euroclear.,nan,@WolfCapitalOpp @jeuasommenulle They can't make payments at Clearstream or Euroclear.,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,neutral,0.01,0.9,0.09,True,English,"['WolfCapitalOpp', 'jeuasommenulle', 'payments', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'WolfCapitalOpp', 'jeuasommenulle', 'payments', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-03-06,2022-03-08,Unknown
544,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have e… https://t.co/sCIF87fUkS,nan,Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have e… https://t.co/sCIF87fUkS,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,negative,0.01,0.28,0.71,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'sCIF87fUkS', 'settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'sCIF87fUkS']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
545,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,"@DavidBeckworth @Frances_Coppola By fits and starts?:""...clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepti… https://t.co/Ji2mXGNkba",nan,"@DavidBeckworth @Frances_Coppola By fits and starts?:""...clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepti… https://t.co/Ji2mXGNkba",positive,0.66,0.28,0.06,positive,0.66,0.28,0.06,True,English,"['clearing houses', 'DavidBeckworth', 'Frances_Coppola', 'fits', 'starts', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ji2mXGNkba', 'clearing houses', 'DavidBeckworth', 'Frances_Coppola', 'fits', 'starts', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ji2mXGNkba']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
546,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have excluded all… https://t.co/yQiqDkkfiG,nan,Clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have excluded all… https://t.co/yQiqDkkfiG,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,negative,0.01,0.13,0.86,True,English,"['Clearing houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'yQiqDkkfiG', 'Clearing houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'yQiqDkkfiG']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
547,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,"""Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have… https://t.co/XYww6fwNCy",nan,"""Separately  clearing houses Clearstream and Euroclear stopped accepting the ruble as settlement currency and have… https://t.co/XYww6fwNCy",neutral,0.01,0.66,0.33,neutral,0.01,0.66,0.33,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'XYww6fwNCy', 'settlement currency', 'clearing', 'houses', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'XYww6fwNCy']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
548,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Nordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext companies. HDLV displays notable r… https://t.co/Obkgl6qkGJ,nan,Nordic Resilience - our HDLV index with 30 listed @Nasdaq Nordic and @Euronext companies. HDLV displays notable r… https://t.co/Obkgl6qkGJ,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,True,English,"['Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'notable r', 'HDLV index', 'Obkgl6qkGJ', '30', 'Nordic Resilience', 'Nasdaq Nordic', 'notable r', 'HDLV index', 'Obkgl6qkGJ', '30']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
549,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Halsrethink He already did  against #Germany’s government. Expect @euronext to drop on Monday and cause ripples in… https://t.co/OE7MDw1ita,nan,@Halsrethink He already did  against #Germany’s government. Expect @euronext to drop on Monday and cause ripples in… https://t.co/OE7MDw1ita,neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,neutral,0.04,0.74,0.22,True,English,"['government', 'Monday', 'ripples', 'OE7MDw1ita', 'government', 'Monday', 'ripples', 'OE7MDw1ita']",2022-03-06,2022-03-07,Unknown
550,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,SWIFT - done; CBR - Done; Russian banks - done; Indices - done; Euroclear - done; Clearstream - done; Visa - done;… https://t.co/e9cPBKLlvg,nan,SWIFT - done; CBR - Done; Russian banks - done; Indices - done; Euroclear - done; Clearstream - done; Visa - done;… https://t.co/e9cPBKLlvg,neutral,0.09,0.82,0.09,neutral,0.09,0.82,0.09,True,English,"['Russian banks', 'SWIFT', 'CBR', 'Done', 'Indices', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Visa', 'e9cPBKLlvg', 'Russian banks', 'SWIFT', 'CBR', 'Done', 'Indices', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Visa', 'e9cPBKLlvg']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
551,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and Euroclear not accepting Ruble as settlement currency  and excluded all Russian securities from trip… https://t.co/DR7T3TI1am,nan,Clearstream and Euroclear not accepting Ruble as settlement currency  and excluded all Russian securities from trip… https://t.co/DR7T3TI1am,negative,0.01,0.05,0.95,negative,0.01,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'Russian securities', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'trip', 'DR7T3TI1am', 'settlement currency', 'Russian securities', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'trip', 'DR7T3TI1am']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
552,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@FortuneMagazine Separately  clearing houses #Clearstream and #Euroclear #stopped accepting the #ruble as settleme… https://t.co/5emPHrRgNJ,nan,@FortuneMagazine Separately  clearing houses #Clearstream and #Euroclear #stopped accepting the #ruble as settleme… https://t.co/5emPHrRgNJ,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['clearing houses', 'FortuneMagazine', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'emPHrRgNJ', 'clearing houses', 'FortuneMagazine', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'emPHrRgNJ']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
553,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@DeItaone What do you call default? Russia can pay all it debts  but it’s impossible due to nsd-euroclear-Clearstre… https://t.co/vZu8kROSG5,nan,@DeItaone What do you call default? Russia can pay all it debts  but it’s impossible due to nsd-euroclear-Clearstre… https://t.co/vZu8kROSG5,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Russia', 'debts', 'Clearstre', 'vZu8kROSG5', 'Russia', 'debts', 'Clearstre', 'vZu8kROSG5']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
554,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream &amp; Euroclear stopped accepting the Ruble as settlement currency  a traditional channel to pay bonds. But… https://t.co/sCoPqCfiyt,nan,Clearstream &amp; Euroclear stopped accepting the Ruble as settlement currency  a traditional channel to pay bonds. But… https://t.co/sCoPqCfiyt,neutral,0.05,0.75,0.2,neutral,0.05,0.75,0.2,True,English,"['traditional channel', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'bonds', 'sCoPqCfiyt', 'traditional channel', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'bonds', 'sCoPqCfiyt']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
555,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Staying in the game: A small bank's bid to go digital #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/sCzYeYKNCG #regtech,nan,Staying in the game: A small bank's bid to go digital #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/sCzYeYKNCG #regtech,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,neutral,0.05,0.88,0.07,True,English,"['small bank', 'game', 'Fintech', 'sCzYeYKNCG', 'regtech', 'small bank', 'game', 'Fintech', 'sCzYeYKNCG', 'regtech']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
556,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@HagarChemali A big part of “my old job” directly involved ensuring that S.W.I.F.T. and Euroclear instructions were… https://t.co/jA2pW69KTT,nan,@HagarChemali A big part of “my old job” directly involved ensuring that S.W.I.F.T. and Euroclear instructions were… https://t.co/jA2pW69KTT,negative,0.09,0.19,0.72,negative,0.09,0.19,0.72,True,English,"['S.W.I.F.T.', 'big part', 'old job', 'Euroclear instructions', 'jA2pW69KTT', 'S.W.I.F.T.', 'big part', 'old job', 'Euroclear instructions', 'jA2pW69KTT']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
557,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/03/07/2397981/0/en/ClearStream-Announces-Leadership-Transition.html,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition,10 hours ago,10 hours ago,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream']",2022-03-08,2022-03-08,globenewswire.com
558,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/clearstream-launch-dvp-settlement-service/,Clearstream to launch new DvP settlement service,8 hours ago,8 hours ago,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,True,English,"['new DvP settlement service', 'Clearstream']",2022-03-08,2022-03-08,globalcustodian.com
559,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/22/03/g26016706/clearstream-announces-leadership-transition,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition - Benzinga,10 hours ago,10 hours ago,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream', 'Benzinga']",2022-03-08,2022-03-08,benzinga.com
560,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.baystreet.ca/stocksinplayarticles/35425/ClearStream-Energy-Services-Inc,ClearStream Energy Services Inc.,Announced that Yves Paletta has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer to pursue other opportunities. Barry Card  ClearStream's Chief Commercial Officer  has been named as the company's interim Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors.,Announced that Yves Paletta has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer to pursue other opportunities. Barry Card  ClearStream's Chief Commercial Officer  has been named as the company's interim Chief Executive Officer by the Board of Directors.,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.07,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'interim Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Yves Paletta', 'other opportunities', 'Barry Card', 'ClearStream', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,baystreet.ca
561,Clearstream,Bing API,https://ca.finance.yahoo.com/news/stocks-play-clearstream-energy-services-150500388.html,Stocks in play: ClearStream Energy Services Inc.,ClearStream Energy Services Inc. shares T.CSM are trading up $0.005 at $0.08. Read: Alternatives Continue to Compete with Meat in the Market for Protein Dominance Rising Demand for Textured Vegetable,ClearStream Energy Services Inc. shares T.CSM are trading up $0.005 at $0.08. Read: Alternatives Continue to Compete with Meat in the Market for Protein Dominance Rising Demand for Textured Vegetable,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc', 'Stocks', 'play', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc. shares', 'Protein Dominance Rising Demand', 'T.CSM', 'Textured Vegetable', 'Alternatives', 'Meat', 'Market']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,ca.finance.yahoo.com
562,Clearstream,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/clearstream-announces-leadership-transition-133000911.html,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition,"ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (""ClearStream"") (TSX: CSM) today announced that Yves Paletta has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer to pursue other opportunities. Barry Card  ClearStream's Chief Commercial Officer ","ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (""ClearStream"") (TSX: CSM) today announced that Yves Paletta has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer to pursue other opportunities. Barry Card  ClearStream's Chief Commercial Officer ",neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Yves Paletta', 'other opportunities', 'Barry Card', 'TSX', 'CSM']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
563,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,SWIFT - done; CBR - Done; Russian banks - done; Indices - done; Euroclear - done; Clearstream - done; Visa - done;… https://t.co/e9cPBKLlvg,nan,SWIFT - done; CBR - Done; Russian banks - done; Indices - done; Euroclear - done; Clearstream - done; Visa - done;… https://t.co/e9cPBKLlvg,neutral,0.09,0.82,0.09,neutral,0.09,0.82,0.09,True,English,"['Russian banks', 'SWIFT', 'CBR', 'Done', 'Indices', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Visa', 'e9cPBKLlvg', 'Russian banks', 'SWIFT', 'CBR', 'Done', 'Indices', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'Visa', 'e9cPBKLlvg']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
564,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We're honored that our ClearStream Eclipse was named the Best Flat Antenna and the ClearStream 2MAX was named the b… https://t.co/6bMnUJGeSS,nan,We're honored that our ClearStream Eclipse was named the Best Flat Antenna and the ClearStream 2MAX was named the b… https://t.co/6bMnUJGeSS,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse', 'Flat Antenna', 'ClearStream 2MAX', 'bMnUJGeSS', 'ClearStream Eclipse', 'Flat Antenna', 'ClearStream 2MAX', 'bMnUJGeSS']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
565,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream and Euroclear not accepting Ruble as settlement currency  and excluded all Russian securities from trip… https://t.co/DR7T3TI1am,nan,Clearstream and Euroclear not accepting Ruble as settlement currency  and excluded all Russian securities from trip… https://t.co/DR7T3TI1am,negative,0.01,0.05,0.95,negative,0.01,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['settlement currency', 'Russian securities', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'trip', 'DR7T3TI1am', 'settlement currency', 'Russian securities', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'trip', 'DR7T3TI1am']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
566,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Stocks in Play: ClearStream Energy Services Inc. https://t.co/qvN4mU6HWz,nan,Stocks in Play: ClearStream Energy Services Inc. https://t.co/qvN4mU6HWz,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc', 'Stocks', 'Play', 'qvN4mU6HWz', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc', 'Stocks', 'Play', 'qvN4mU6HWz']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
567,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@FortuneMagazine Separately  clearing houses #Clearstream and #Euroclear #stopped accepting the #ruble as settleme… https://t.co/5emPHrRgNJ,nan,@FortuneMagazine Separately  clearing houses #Clearstream and #Euroclear #stopped accepting the #ruble as settleme… https://t.co/5emPHrRgNJ,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,negative,0.01,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['clearing houses', 'FortuneMagazine', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'emPHrRgNJ', 'clearing houses', 'FortuneMagazine', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'ruble', 'emPHrRgNJ']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
568,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition https://t.co/zRBebO1xnn,nan,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition https://t.co/zRBebO1xnn,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,True,English,"['Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream', 'zRBebO1xnn', 'Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream', 'zRBebO1xnn']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
569,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition https://t.co/RCQkeMtrqj,nan,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition https://t.co/RCQkeMtrqj,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,neutral,0.31,0.68,0.01,True,English,"['Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream', 'RCQkeMtrqj', 'Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream', 'RCQkeMtrqj']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
570,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream &amp; Euroclear stopped accepting the Ruble as settlement currency  a traditional channel to pay bonds. But… https://t.co/sCoPqCfiyt,nan,Clearstream &amp; Euroclear stopped accepting the Ruble as settlement currency  a traditional channel to pay bonds. But… https://t.co/sCoPqCfiyt,neutral,0.01,0.79,0.2,neutral,0.01,0.79,0.2,True,English,"['traditional channel', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'bonds', 'sCoPqCfiyt', 'traditional channel', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'Ruble', 'settlement', 'currency', 'bonds', 'sCoPqCfiyt']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
571,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Why stock markets love the blockchain and how Bundesbank and Deutsche Börse are readying to unveil a market prototype.,nan,Why stock markets love the blockchain and how Bundesbank and Deutsche Börse are readying to unveil a market prototype.,positive,0.7,0.27,0.02,positive,0.7,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'stock markets', 'market prototype', 'blockchain', 'Bundesbank', 'Deutsche Börse', 'stock markets', 'market prototype', 'blockchain', 'Bundesbank']",2022-03-07,2022-03-09,Unknown
572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/kalera-announces-bridge-financing-facility-070000099.html,Kalera Announces a Bridge Financing Facility,ORLANDO  Fla.  March 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kalera AS (“Kalera” or the “Company”) (Euronext Growth Oslo: KAL  Bloomberg: KSLLF)  one of the preeminent ...,ORLANDO  Fla.  March 07  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Kalera AS (Kalera or the Company) (Euronext Growth Oslo: KAL  Bloomberg: KSLLF)  one of the preeminent leafy green vertical farming companies and a l… [+1954 chars],neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Bridge Financing Facility', 'Kalera', 'preeminent leafy green vertical farming companies', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Kalera AS', 'ORLANDO', 'Fla.', 'March', 'Company', 'Bloomberg', 'KSLLF', '1954 chars']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/signify-share-repurchase-periodic-120000809.html,Signify share repurchase periodic update,Press Release March 7  2022 Signify share repurchase periodic update Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting...,Press ReleaseMarch 7  2022Signify share repurchase periodic updateEindhoven  the Netherlands Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 226… [+1765 chars],neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase periodic update', 'share repurchase periodic update', 'Press Release', 'Netherlands Signify', 'world leader', 'March', 'Eindhoven', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', '1765 chars']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ucb-completes-acquisition-of-zogenix-inc-301496873.html,UCB Completes Acquisition of Zogenix  Inc.,BRUSSELS  Belgium and ATLANTA  March 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB (Euronext: UCB) today announced the successful completion of the previously announced transaction to acquire Zogenix (NASDAQ: ZGNX) for US$ 26.00 per share plus a milestone-based contingent valu…,BRUSSELS  Belgium and ATLANTA  March 7  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB (Euronext: UCB) today announced the successful completion of the previously announced transaction to acquire Zogenix (NASDAQ: ZGNX) for US$ 26.00 per share plus a milestone-based contingent valu…,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['UCB', 'Acquisition', 'Zogenix', 'milestone-based contingent valu', 'successful completion', 'BRUSSELS', 'Belgium', 'ATLANTA', 'UCB', 'Euronext', 'transaction', 'Zogenix', 'NASDAQ', 'ZGNX', 'share']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,prnewswire.com
575,EuroNext,Bing API,https://ca.sports.yahoo.com/news/signify-share-repurchase-periodic-120000809.html,Signify share repurchase periodic update,Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 226 520 shares in the period February 28 to March 4  2022. The shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 43.10 per ...,Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 226 520 shares in the period February 28 to March 4  2022. The shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 43.10 per ...,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['share repurchase periodic update', 'world leader', 'average price', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Signify', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', '226,520 shares', 'period', 'February', 'March']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,ca.sports.yahoo.com
576,EuroNext,Bing API,https://invezz.com/news/2022/03/07/hanetf-lists-a-new-blockchain-ecosystem-etf-on-euronext-paris/?amp,HANetf lists a new Blockchain Ecosystem ETF on Euronext Paris,HANetf  Europe’s leading provider of thematic exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and exchange-traded cryptos (ETCs)  has announced the listing of a new blockchain ecosystem ETF. The crypto-focused product is one of three new products the ‘white label’ UCITS ETFs issuer is bringing to the market.,HANetf  Europe’s leading provider of thematic exchange-traded funds (ETFs) and exchange-traded cryptos (ETCs)  has announced the listing of a new blockchain ecosystem ETF. The crypto-focused product is one of three new products the ‘white label’ UCITS ETFs issuer is bringing to the market.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['new Blockchain Ecosystem ETF', 'Euronext Paris', 'HANetf', 'new blockchain ecosystem ETF', 'three new products', 'thematic exchange-traded funds', 'UCITS ETFs issuer', 'exchange-traded cryptos', 'leading provider', 'crypto-focused product', 'white label', 'HANetf', 'Europe', 'ETCs', 'listing', 'market']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,invezz.com
577,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/umicore-acquisition-own-shares-173000758.html,Umicore - Acquisition of own shares,Umicore - Acquisition of own shares On the basis of Article 207 of the Royal Decree of 30 January 2001  as amended on 22 December 2016  implementing the Belgian Companies Code  Umicore announces the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated market Euronext Brussels.,Umicore - Acquisition of own shares On the basis of Article 207 of the Royal Decree of 30 January 2001  as amended on 22 December 2016  implementing the Belgian Companies Code  Umicore announces the following share buy-back transactions on the regulated market Euronext Brussels.,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Umicore', 'Acquisition', 'shares', 'Belgian Companies Code', 'share buy-back transactions', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Umicore', 'Acquisition', 'shares', 'basis', 'Article', '30 January', '22 December']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,uk.finance.yahoo.com
578,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-03/55432122-kalray-financial-agenda-2022-update-650.htm,KALRAY: FINANCIAL AGENDA 2022 UPDATE,Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a pioneer in intelligent processors  today announces its financial communication agenda for 2022. Each publication will be,Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a pioneer in intelligent processors  today announces its financial communication agenda for 2022. Each publication will be,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['FINANCIAL AGENDA 2022 UPDATE', 'KALRAY', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'financial communication agenda', 'intelligent processors', 'Kalray', 'ALKAL', 'pioneer', 'publication', '2022']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,finanznachrichten.de
579,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ucb-completes-acquisition-zogenix-inc-170000831.html,UCB Completes Acquisition of Zogenix  Inc.,UCB (Euronext: UCB) today announced the successful completion of the previously announced transaction to acquire Zogenix (NASDAQ: ZGNX) for US$ 26.00 per share plus a milestone-based contingent value right for a potential cash payment of US$ 2.,UCB (Euronext: UCB) today announced the successful completion of the previously announced transaction to acquire Zogenix (NASDAQ: ZGNX) for US$ 26.00 per share plus a milestone-based contingent value right for a potential cash payment of US$ 2.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['UCB', 'Acquisition', 'Zogenix', 'milestone-based contingent value right', 'potential cash payment', 'successful completion', 'UCB', 'Euronext', 'transaction', 'Zogenix', 'NASDAQ', 'ZGNX', 'US', 'share']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,finance.yahoo.com
580,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Founded in 1602 by the Dutch East India Company  the Amsterdam Stock Exchange (currently called Euronext Amsterdam)… https://t.co/RLstkFm9s6,nan,Founded in 1602 by the Dutch East India Company  the Amsterdam Stock Exchange (currently called Euronext Amsterdam)… https://t.co/RLstkFm9s6,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Dutch East India Company', 'Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'RLstkFm9s6', 'Dutch East India Company', 'Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'RLstkFm9s6']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
581,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,HANetf lists a new Blockchain Ecosystem ETF on Euronext Paris - https://t.co/5eribSRaaS https://t.co/FOI36PrNFL,nan,HANetf lists a new Blockchain Ecosystem ETF on Euronext Paris - https://t.co/5eribSRaaS https://t.co/FOI36PrNFL,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new Blockchain Ecosystem ETF', 'Euronext Paris', 'HANetf', 'FOI36PrNFL', 'new Blockchain Ecosystem ETF', 'Euronext Paris', 'HANetf', 'FOI36PrNFL']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
582,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext and its clients are grappling with chip shortages and shipping delays  but the exchange says its Bergamo d… https://t.co/FkK3CWBXV5,nan,Euronext and its clients are grappling with chip shortages and shipping delays  but the exchange says its Bergamo d… https://t.co/FkK3CWBXV5,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['chip shortages', 'shipping delays', 'Euronext', 'clients', 'exchange', 'Bergamo', 'FkK3CWBXV5', 'chip shortages', 'shipping delays', 'Euronext', 'clients', 'exchange', 'Bergamo', 'FkK3CWBXV5']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
583,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,EURONEXT 100 https://t.co/Zl0aK32ZmR,nan,EURONEXT 100 https://t.co/Zl0aK32ZmR,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['EURONEXT', 'Zl0aK32ZmR', 'EURONEXT', 'Zl0aK32ZmR']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
584,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Conversion Action THERACLION01 mars 2022Euronext Growth ParisBlackbell SARL SARL  AdministrateurConversionAct… https://t.co/30qwmhc209,nan,Conversion Action THERACLION01 mars 2022Euronext Growth ParisBlackbell SARL SARL  AdministrateurConversionAct… https://t.co/30qwmhc209,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris Blackbell SARL SARL', 'Conversion Action', 'THERACLION', '01 mars', 'Administrateur', 'Euronext Growth Paris Blackbell SARL SARL', 'Conversion Action', 'THERACLION', '01 mars', 'Administrateur']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
585,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext  why isn't there any download for INTRADAY PRICE?https://t.co/t9y8qe6i4Vhttps://t.co/WXuQejmN4qAnd why… https://t.co/yoQyBs6opB,nan,@euronext  why isn't there any download for INTRADAY PRICE?https://t.co/t9y8qe6i4Vhttps://t.co/WXuQejmN4qAnd why… https://t.co/yoQyBs6opB,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['INTRADAY PRICE', 'download', 'WXuQejmN4q', 'yoQyBs6opB', 'INTRADAY PRICE', 'download', 'WXuQejmN4q', 'yoQyBs6opB']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
586,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,📈 Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes Drop By -46.1% 📉Read more ➡️ https://t.co/tDdXMTOCHg🔹 #forex… https://t.co/epOJiPGLXc,nan,?? Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes Drop By -46.1% ??Read more ?? https://t.co/tDdXMTOCHg?? #forex… https://t.co/epOJiPGLXc,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes', 'tDdXMTOCHg', 'forex', 'epOJiPGLXc', 'Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes', 'tDdXMTOCHg', 'forex', 'epOJiPGLXc']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
587,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes Drop By -46.1% In February 2022 Euronext published the monthly stats for… https://t.co/0HaI3uWS1f,nan,Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes Drop By -46.1% In February 2022 Euronext published the monthly stats for… https://t.co/0HaI3uWS1f,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes', 'monthly stats', 'Drop', 'February', '0HaI3uWS1f', 'Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes', 'monthly stats', 'Drop', 'February', '0HaI3uWS1f']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
588,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#OATT 🌾🌾Euronext Paris 🌾update @ 15.23 hrs CET ( € 435.00 ) https://t.co/NHtScB6oaG,nan,#OATT ????Euronext Paris ??update @ 15.23 hrs CET ( € 435.00 ) https://t.co/NHtScB6oaG,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Paris', '15.23 hrs CET', 'NHtScB6oaG', 'Euronext Paris', '15.23 hrs CET', 'NHtScB6oaG']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
589,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,HANetf list three new thematic ETFs on Euronext ParisHANetf  Europe’s first full services ‘white label’ UCITS ETF… https://t.co/4IHoiXl4Rb,nan,HANetf list three new thematic ETFs on Euronext ParisHANetf  Europe’s first full services ‘white label’ UCITS ETF… https://t.co/4IHoiXl4Rb,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['first full services ‘white label’ UCITS ETF', 'three new thematic ETFs', 'Euronext Paris', 'HANetf', 'Europe', 'IHoiXl4Rb', 'first full services ‘white label’ UCITS ETF', 'three new thematic ETFs', 'Euronext Paris', 'HANetf', 'Europe', 'IHoiXl4Rb']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
590,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/kCzCgWDkx5 Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes Drop By -46.1% In February 2022,nan,https://t.co/kCzCgWDkx5 Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes Drop By -46.1% In February 2022,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['kCzCgWDkx5 Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes', 'February', 'kCzCgWDkx5 Euronext Individual Equity Futures Volumes', 'February']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
591,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@KilianPoulinTW 😅 looking forward to seeing you at Euronext ringing in the opening bell soon Kilian 🚀🚀,nan,@KilianPoulinTW ?? looking forward to seeing you at Euronext ringing in the opening bell soon Kilian ????,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['opening bell', 'Euronext', 'Kilian', 'opening bell', 'Euronext', 'Kilian']",2022-03-07,2022-03-08,Unknown
592,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream Cease Settlement of Russian Securitieshttps://t.co/YvrySytugV,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream Cease Settlement of Russian Securitieshttps://t.co/YvrySytugV,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,True,English,"['Clearstream Cease Settlement', 'Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'YvrySytugV', 'Clearstream Cease Settlement', 'Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'YvrySytugV']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
593,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Philosophical question: if a payment goes into Euroclear but doesn’t hit your account did the payment ever really go into Euroclear?,nan,Philosophical question: if a payment goes into Euroclear but doesn’t hit your account did the payment ever really go into Euroclear?,neutral,0.01,0.69,0.29,neutral,0.01,0.69,0.29,True,English,"['Philosophical question', 'payment', 'Euroclear', 'account', 'Philosophical question', 'payment', 'Euroclear', 'account']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
594,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Airtel partners Axis Bank to boost India’s digital financial services ecosystem #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/xc7GCzyTvP,nan,Airtel partners Axis Bank to boost India’s digital financial services ecosystem #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/xc7GCzyTvP,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['digital financial services ecosystem', 'Airtel partners', 'Axis Bank', 'India', 'Fintech', 'xc7GCzyTvP', 'digital financial services ecosystem', 'Airtel partners', 'Axis Bank', 'India', 'Fintech', 'xc7GCzyTvP']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
595,Clearstream,Bing API,https://energynow.ca/2022/03/clearstream-announces-leadership-transition/,ClearStream Announces Leadership Transition,"ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (""ClearStream"") (TSX: CSM) today announced that Yves Paletta has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer to pursue other opportunities. Barry Card  ClearStream's Chief Commercial Officer ","ClearStream Energy Services Inc. (""ClearStream"") (TSX: CSM) today announced that Yves Paletta has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer to pursue other opportunities. Barry Card  ClearStream's Chief Commercial Officer ",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.79,0.19,True,English,"['Leadership Transition', 'ClearStream', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Commercial Officer', 'Yves Paletta', 'other opportunities', 'Barry Card', 'TSX', 'CSM']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,energynow.ca
596,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream 4Max VHF/UHF Indoor/Outdoor HD TV Antenna Review https://t.co/skSvUQau8s via @YouTube,nan,ClearStream 4Max VHF/UHF Indoor/Outdoor HD TV Antenna Review https://t.co/skSvUQau8s via @YouTube,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Outdoor HD TV Antenna Review', 'ClearStream 4Max VHF/UHF Indoor', 'skSvUQau8s', 'Outdoor HD TV Antenna Review', 'ClearStream 4Max VHF/UHF Indoor', 'skSvUQau8s']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
597,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream 2V Multi Directional Outdoor TV Antenna Review https://t.co/NfJ2psXl9T via @YouTube,nan,ClearStream 2V Multi Directional Outdoor TV Antenna Review https://t.co/NfJ2psXl9T via @YouTube,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 2V Multi Directional Outdoor TV Antenna Review', 'NfJ2psXl9T', 'ClearStream 2V Multi Directional Outdoor TV Antenna Review', 'NfJ2psXl9T']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
598,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Thanks to Amy Lee @MTU_Alumni @Clearstream for her support @MTU_ie  #iwd2022 event &amp; to the underage girls… https://t.co/RlqvmAOqJ8,nan,Thanks to Amy Lee @MTU_Alumni @Clearstream for her support @MTU_ie  #iwd2022 event &amp; to the underage girls… https://t.co/RlqvmAOqJ8,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['Amy Lee', 'iwd2022 event', 'underage girls', 'MTU_Alumni', 'Clearstream', 'support', 'MTU_ie', 'RlqvmAOqJ8', 'Amy Lee', 'iwd2022 event', 'underage girls', 'MTU_Alumni', 'Clearstream', 'support', 'MTU_ie', 'RlqvmAOqJ8']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
599,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear and Clearstream Cease Settlement of Russian Securitieshttps://t.co/YvrySytugV,nan,Euroclear and Clearstream Cease Settlement of Russian Securitieshttps://t.co/YvrySytugV,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,neutral,0.02,0.78,0.2,True,English,"['Clearstream Cease Settlement', 'Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'YvrySytugV', 'Clearstream Cease Settlement', 'Russian Securities', 'Euroclear', 'YvrySytugV']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
600,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Be sure to enter this week's #COZISayWHAT for a chance to win a ClearStream MAX-V! Reply to @COZITV with your best… https://t.co/Df3reMSLk4,nan,Be sure to enter this week's #COZISayWHAT for a chance to win a ClearStream MAX-V! Reply to @COZITV with your best… https://t.co/Df3reMSLk4,positive,0.95,0.05,0.01,positive,0.95,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream MAX-V', 'week', 'chance', 'Reply', 'best', 'Df3reMSLk4', 'ClearStream MAX-V', 'week', 'chance', 'Reply', 'best', 'Df3reMSLk4']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
601,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream MAX-V® UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Ante… https://t.co/GVNz098V6G,nan,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream MAX-V® UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Ante… https://t.co/GVNz098V6G,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Outdoor HDTV Ante', 'GVNz098V6G', 'Outdoor HDTV Ante', 'GVNz098V6G']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,Unknown
602,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.lse.co.uk/rns/XMRC/important-notice-to-shareholders-of-xtrackers-msci-russia-capped-swap-ucits-etf-64z265pwcjpjqmo.html,Xrussiacp Sw 1C Regulatory News,in addition to the suspension of the determination of the Net Asset Value and the issue and redemption of Shares as well as the right to convert Shares of the Sub-Fund (as notified to investors on 1 March 2022)  we hereby inform you that Deutsche Börse ...,in addition to the suspension of the determination of the Net Asset Value and the issue and redemption of Shares as well as the right to convert Shares of the Sub-Fund (as notified to investors on 1 March 2022)  we hereby inform you that Deutsche Börse ...,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.72,0.25,True,English,"['Xrussiacp Sw 1C Regulatory News', 'Net Asset Value', 'Deutsche Börse', 'addition', 'suspension', 'determination', 'issue', 'redemption', 'Shares', 'right', 'Sub-Fund', 'investors', '1 March']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,lse.co.uk
603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-group-notice-2021-full-060000384.html,Pharming Group Notice of 2021 Full Year Results,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce its preliminary (unaudited) financial...","LEIDEN  The Netherlands  March 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) confirms it will announce its preliminary (unaudited)… [+5162 chars]",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.07,True,English,"['Pharming Group Notice', '2021 Full Year Results', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'preliminary', '5162 chars']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,finance.yahoo.com
604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-releases-strong-2021-financial-182200124.html,Ekinops releases strong 2021 financial results: record EBITDA margin at nearly 17% and net income up 52%,EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and businesses  has published its...,PARIS  March 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris FR0011466069 EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and businesses  has published its financial st… [+9207 chars],neutral,0.28,0.68,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['strong 2021 financial results', 'record EBITDA margin', 'net income', 'Ekinops', 'leading supplier', 'telecommunications solutions', 'telecom operators', 'Euronext Paris', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'EKINOPS', 'businesses', '9207 chars']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,finance.yahoo.com
605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nykode-therapeutics-present-2022-american-213000395.html,Nykode Therapeutics to Present at 2022 American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting,OSLO  Norway  March 08  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nykode Therapeutics AS (Euronext Growth (Oslo): NYKD)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated ...,OSLO  Norway  March 08  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nykode Therapeutics AS (Euronext Growth (Oslo): NYKD)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and development of vaccin… [+3087 chars],neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['AACR) Annual Meeting', 'Nykode Therapeutics', '2022 American Association', 'Cancer Research', 'Nykode Therapeutics AS', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'OSLO', 'Norway', 'March', 'NYKD', 'discovery', 'development', '3087 chars']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,finance.yahoo.com
606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/robert-jan-van-kraats-steps-061900972.html,Robert Jan van de Kraats steps down from VEON Board,VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that Mr. Robert Jan van...,AMSTERDAM  March 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that Mr. Robert Jan van … [+2079 chars],neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Robert Jan van de Kraats', 'VEON Board', 'Mr. Robert Jan van', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', '2079 chars']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,finance.yahoo.com
607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220308006210/en/Nanobiotix-Statement-of-Total-Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Forming-the-Company%E2%80%99s-Share-Capital,Nanobiotix: Statement of Total Voting Rights and Shares Forming the Company’s Share Capital,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Nanobiotix (Paris:NANO) (NASDAQ:NBTX): Market: Euronext Paris / Nasdaq Euronext Compartment: B ISIN code: FR0011341205 Nasdaq: NBTX Bloomberg: NANO:FP Reuters: NANO.PA Website: www.nanobiotix.com Date Number of Shares …,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Nanobiotix (Paris:NANO) (NASDAQ:NBTX): Market: Euronext Paris / Nasdaq Euronext Compartment: B ISIN code: FR0011341205 Nasdaq: NBTX Bloomberg: NANO:FP Reuters: NANO.PA Website: www.nanobiotix.com Date Number of Shares …,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Total Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Nanobiotix', 'Statement', 'Shares', 'Company', 'B ISIN code', 'Nasdaq Euronext Compartment', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'NASDAQ:NBTX', 'NBTX Bloomberg', 'PA Website', 'Date Number', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nanobiotix', 'Market', 'FP', 'Reuters', 'NANO.', 'Shares']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,businesswire.com
608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220307006117/en/Unifiedpost%E2%80%99s-Strong-2021-Performance-Supports-Ambitious-Growth-Objectives,Unifiedpost’s Strong 2021 Performance Supports Ambitious Growth Objectives,LA HULPE  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) is pleased to announce its fourth‐quarter and full‐year results for the year ended December 31  2021. Highlights Group revenue increased in 2021 by 1…,LA HULPE  Belgium--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Unifiedpost Group (Euronext: UPG) (Unifiedpost  the Group or the Company) is pleased to announce its fourth-quarter and full-year results for the year ended December 31  2021. Highlights Group revenue increased in 2021 by 1…,neutral,0.25,0.73,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Ambitious Growth Objectives', 'Strong 2021 Performance', 'Unifiedpost', 'full‐year results', 'Highlights Group revenue', 'LA HULPE', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'fourth‐quarter', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,businesswire.com
609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220307005640/en/Ipsen-New-Patient-Reported-Data-Demonstrated-High-Satisfaction-Levels-and-Fewer-Patients-Reporting-Injection-site-Pain-with-Somatuline%C2%AE-Autogel%C2%AESomatuline%C2%AE-Depot-lanreotide,Ipsen: New Patient-Reported Data Demonstrated High Satisfaction Levels and Fewer Patients Reporting Injection-site Pain with Somatuline® Autogel®/Somatuline® Depot (lanreotide),PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) published today new data from seven abstracts to be presented at the hybrid-setting 19th Annual European Neuroendocrine Tumor Society (ENETS) Conference  10-11 March 2022  in Barcelona…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) published today new data from seven abstracts to be presented at the hybrid-setting 19th Annual European Neuroendocrine Tumor Society (ENETS) Conference  10-11 March 2022  in Barcelona…,neutral,0.03,0.73,0.24,neutral,0.01,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['New Patient-Reported Data', 'High Satisfaction Levels', 'Fewer Patients', 'Injection-site Pain', 'Somatuline® Autogel®', 'Somatuline® Depot', 'Ipsen', 'lanreotide', 'hybrid-setting 19th Annual European Neuroendocrine Tumor Society', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'new data', 'seven abstracts', 'ENETS) Conference', 'PARIS', 'Ipsen', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Barcelona']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,businesswire.com
610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-releases-strong-2021-financial-results-record-ebitda-margin-at-nearly-17-and-net-income-up-52-301498196.html,Ekinops releases strong 2021 financial results: record EBITDA margin at nearly 17% and net income up 52%,PARIS  March 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and businesses  has published its financial statements for the year ended December 31  2021  as approv…,PARIS  March 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- EKINOPS (Euronext Paris – FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of telecommunications solutions for telecom operators and businesses  has published its financial statements for the year ended December 31  2021  as approv…,neutral,0.28,0.68,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['strong 2021 financial results', 'record EBITDA margin', 'net income', 'Ekinops', 'leading supplier', 'telecommunications solutions', 'telecom operators', 'financial statements', 'Euronext Paris', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'EKINOPS', 'businesses', 'year']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,prnewswire.com
611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/robert-jan-van-de-kraats-steps-down-from-veon-board-301497442.html,Robert Jan van de Kraats steps down from VEON Board,AMSTERDAM  March 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that Mr. Robert Jan van de Kraats has stepped down as a director from the VEON Board…,AMSTERDAM  March 8  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a leading global provider of connectivity and internet services  today announces that Mr. Robert Jan van de Kraats has stepped down as a director from the VEON Board…,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['Robert Jan van de Kraats', 'VEON Board', 'Mr. Robert Jan van de Kraats', 'leading global provider', 'internet services', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Board', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'connectivity', 'director']",2022-03-08,2022-03-09,prnewswire.com
