UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
25548,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFARAK-GROUP-SE-1412529/news/Afarak-AGM-Document-43996981/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Afarak : AGM Document,(marketscreener.com)   ADVANCE VOTING FORM   Afarak Group SE Annual General Meeting on 21 June 2023   With this form  I/we authorize Euroclear Finland Oy   the advance voting service provider for Afarak Group SE´s Annual General Meeting 2023  to regis…,"ADVANCE VOTING FORMAfarak Group SE Annual General Meeting on 21 June 2023With this form  I/we authorize Euroclear Finland Oy (""Euroclear"")  the advance voting service provider for Afarak Group SE´s (the ""Company"") Annual General Meeting 2023  to register my/our votes with the shares I/we own/represent in certain items of agenda of Afarak Group SE´s Annual General Meeting 2023.I/we understand that voting in advance by submitting this form requires that the shareholder has at least one valid Finnish book-entry account. The number of advance votes is confirmed on the Finnish record date of the Annual General Meeting (eight business days before the Meeting) based on the holding in the book-entry account.The personal information provided on this form is used to identify a shareholder through a comparison to information in the book-entry system  as well as to confirm shareholdings on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. The personal information will be stored in Euroclear Finland's database for General Meetings for the Company's use  and information will not be used for any other purposes or for any other General Meetings.Shareholder's name*Date of birth*  business ID (Y-tunnus)*  or Euroclear artificial ID (X- tunnus)*Address*Postal code andtown/city*Country*Phone numberE-mailFinnish book-entry account number**The information is mandatory.Voting instructions:I/we authorize Euroclear Finland Oy to register my/our votes with the shares I/we own/represent in each of the items of the agenda of the Meeting as indicated with a cross (X) below.If no voting instructions have been indicated below  or if there are more than one voting instructions on thesame item  or if other text or markings other than a cross (X) have been used to indicate a voting instruction  the item will be marked as ""No action"" when Euroclear registers the votes. This means that shareholder'sshares are not taken into consideration in the item in question. Shareholder's shares are not considered as shares represented at the meeting and the votes are not counted as cast votes with regard to the item in question.1 (3)",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['AGM Document', 'Afarak', 'Afarak Group SE Annual General Meeting', 'one valid Finnish book-entry account', 'Finnish book-entry account number', 'advance voting service provider', 'one voting instructions', 'Finnish record date', 'other General Meetings', 'Euroclear artificial ID', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'ADVANCE VOTING FORM', 'book-entry system', 'business ID', 'other purposes', 'Phone number', 'other text', 'X- tunnus', 'Postal code', 'advance votes', 'personal information', 'same item', '21 June', 'Company', 'shares', 'items', 'agenda', 'shareholder', 'holding', 'comparison', 'database', 'use', 'name', 'birth', 'Address', 'city', 'Country', 'mail', 'cross', 'markings', 'action', 'consideration', 'question', 'regard']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25549,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFARAK-GROUP-SE-1412529/news/Afarak-AGM-Document-43996980/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Afarak : AGM Document,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   Notice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 June 2023  starting at 10:30 a.m. at Union Square Auditorium Unioninkatu 22  00130 Helsink…,"Afarak : AGM Document 05/31/2023 | 02:55am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 June 2023  starting at 10:30 a.m. (Finnish time) at Union Square Auditorium (Floor K1) Unioninkatu 22  00130 Helsinki  Finland. Registration begins at 9:30 a.m. The shareholders may also exercise their right to vote at the General Meeting by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this General Meeting notice in section C. ""Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting"". A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING: Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Approval of the Agenda Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Presentation of the annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the year 2022 Review by the CEO Adoption of the Group annual accounts  income statement and balance sheet Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the payment of dividend The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend from the financial year ending on 31 December 2022 is paid. As Afarak Group SE has no distributable funds  no minority dividend can be demanded. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodies The Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for the Company's governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act. The remuneration report is published on 31 May 2023 as an attachment to this notice and it is also available on the Company's website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. 12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the Auditor It is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 5 000 per month. The Chairman of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1 500 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1 500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be 2 (7) compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company. 13. Resolution on one-off retroactive additional compensation to Non- Executive Board members It is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-Executive Board Members Thorstein Abrahamsen and Dr Jelena Manojlovic shall be paid EUR 50 000 each as a one- off retroactive additional compensation for during the last couple of years having taken on substantial more work on a 24/7 availability basis  to facilitate operating through difficult times with reduced income during the pandemic and with a lot of changes in the Company (divestment of assets  downsizing  further development)  and through recovery and significant improved performance of the Company to its' best ever financial result in 2022. 14. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3). 15. Election of the members of the Board of Directors The Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic  Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the mandate that begins from the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. The consent of all the candidates for the Board of Directors has been obtained. 16. Election of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting according to the recommendation by the company's Audit Committee that Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy would be re-elected as the auditor of the company. Tietotili Audit Oy has proposed that the auditor with the main responsibility would be APA Urpo Salo. 17. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Articles of Association are amended by changing the Article 8 (Call to the General Meeting) so that the general meeting can be held completely without a meeting venue as a so- called remote meeting. Following the changes  the above-mentioned Article 8 of the Articles of Association reads as follows: ""8 Call to the General Meeting The call to the General Meeting shall be published on the company's website and as a stock exchange release no earlier than two (2) months and no later than twenty-one days before the meeting  however  in any event nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. The Board of Directors may  at its discretion  also publish 3 (7) the call to the General Meeting in one or two national newspapers or by sending the call to the meeting to the shareholders to their addresses recorded in the share register by registered mail or other verifiable means. Aside from the location of the registered office  the General Meeting may also be held in Espoo  Oulu  Oulunsalo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders will exercise their decision-making power full-on and on an up-to-date basis by means of a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting."" 18. Acquisition of LL-resources GmbH Presentation of LL-resources GmbH In accordance with the stock exchange release published on 12 May 2023  the Company is planning to acquire the entire share capital of LL-resources GmbH based on the signed Combination Agreement using the Company's new shares as consideration (the ""Transaction""). The resolution proposals made by the Board of Directors to the Annual General meeting in this matter are related to the implementation of the Transaction and form thus a single entity that the acceptance of each proposal made in this matter requires that the Annual General Meeting approves all the proposals of the Board of Directors made in this matter. a) Approval of the Transaction and authorization to the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting that the Transaction as detailed in the Circular dated 31 May 2023  be approved and that the Board of Directors be authorized to take all such steps as may be necessary or acceptable in relation thereto and to carry the same into effect with such modifications  variations  revisions or amendments (providing such modifications  variations  revisions or amendments are not of a material nature) as they shall deem necessary or desirable. The Circular will be published as a stock exchange release on 31 May 2023 and will also be available as a Board proposal to the Annual General Meeting on the Company's website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ b) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon directed share issue The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares. By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued up to a maximum of 140 000 000 new shares. This equates approximately 52.43 % of the Company's current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the directed share issue related to the implementation of the Transaction in such a way that the payment of the whole subscription price will be made with contribution in kind (the entire share capital of LL-resources GmbH). The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization does not replace the previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting. 19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and upon issuing other special rights that entitle to shares 4 (7) The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares. By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 250 000 000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 93.62 % of the company's current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares. The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that  by virtue of the authorization  the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled. The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces the previous authorization granted in the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and that it is valid two years as from the decision of the General Meeting. 20. Closing of the Meeting B. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Afarak Group SE has published the Report by the Board of Directors  the Financial Statements 2022  the Auditor's Report  the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address: https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 5 July 2023. C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Right to attend A shareholder who no later than on 9 June 2023 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders' register. Notice to attend 5 (7) A shareholder wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting shall give notice to attend the meeting to the Company no later than by 4:00 p.m. Helsinki time on 11 June 2023: through Euroclear Finland Oy's website at the address: https://egm.apk.fi/eGM/gm/48368430108_enby e-mail to ilmo@afarak.com The notice shall be at the Company before the deadline of the notice to attend. In addition to his/her name  a shareholder shall inform the Company of his/her personal identification number or business ID  address  phone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data of shareholders shall be used only for purposes related to the general meeting and necessary registration related thereto. Shareholders attending the Annual General Meeting have a right to request information concerning matters which are dealt with by the meeting as stated in the Finnish Companies Act  chapter 5  section 25. Using representative and proxies A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration. Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group SE  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eubefore the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received. Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal person shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal person in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme ""Representation at the General Meeting"". In the General Meeting service of Euroclear Finland Oy  the authorized representative shall in connection with registration use strong electronic authentication and thereafter the electronic authorization is verified automatically. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Holders of nominee registered shares A holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting  i.e. 9 June 2023 would be entitled  to be registered in the Shareholders' Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders' Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 16 June 2023 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares  this Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Afarak Group SE published this content on 31 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 31 May 2023 06:54:08 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about AFARAK GROUP SE 05/31 Afarak Group Se : Publication of circular GL 05/31 Afarak : AGM Document PU 05/31 Afarak : AGM Document PU 05/31 Afarak : AGM Document PU 05/31 Afarak : AGM Document PU 05/31 Notice to the annual general meeting GL 05/16 Clarifications after the release of may 12th  2023 GL 05/12 Afarak Group Signs EUR59.5 Million Merger Deal With LL Resources MT 05/12 AFARAK GROUP AND LL RESOURCES GMBH SIGN A COMBINATION AGREEMENT – AFARAK TO BECOM.. GL 05/12 Afarak Group SE signed an agreement to acquire LL-resources gmbh from LLR-Holding GmbH .. CI",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['AGM Document', 'Afarak', 'Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy', 'Non-Executive Board Members Thorstein Abrahamsen', 'Non- Executive Board members', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice', 'multiple email addresses', 'Union Square Auditorium', 'retroactive additional compensation', 'Dr Jelena Manojlovic', '24/7 availability basis', 'significant improved performance', 'APA Urpo Salo', 'Group annual accounts', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Afarak Group SE', 'balance sheet Resolution', 'Audit Committee', 'Finnish time', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'AGM Document', 'section C.', 'income statement', 'distributable funds', 'minority dividend', 'liability Consideration', 'governing bodies', 'accommodation expenses', 'other costs', 'last couple', 'difficult times', 'reduced income', 'financial result', 'Guy Konsbruck', 'main responsibility', 'Board membership', 'Remuneration Committee', 'First name', 'advance voting', 'financial year', 'travel rules', 'A. MATTERS', 'remuneration report', 'committee work', 'CEO Adoption', 'Agenda Election', 'The Nomination', '10:30 a', '9:30 a', '16. Election', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'shareholders', '21 June', 'Unioninkatu', '00130 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Registration', 'right', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'Approval', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Review', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'discharge', 'Company', 'accordance', '31 May', 'attachment', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholder-meetings', 'month', 'Chairman', 'EUR', 'Committees', 'executives', 'fee', 'invoice', 'one', 'years', 'substantial', 'pandemic', 'lot', 'changes', 'divestment', 'assets', 'development', 'recovery', 'best', 'number', 'mandate', 'consent', 'candidates', 'recommendation', 'Proposal', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Call', '15.']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25550,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFARAK-GROUP-SE-1412529/news/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-43996968/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,(marketscreener.com) NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 June 2023  starting at 10:30 a.m. at Union Square Auditorium Unioninkatu 22  00130 Helsinki  Finlan…,"NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 June 2023  starting at 10:30 a.m. (Finnish time) at Union Square Auditorium (Floor K1) Unioninkatu 22  00130 Helsinki  Finland.Registration begins at 9:30 a.m.The shareholders may also exercise their right to vote at the General Meeting by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this General Meeting notice in section C. “Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting”.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Approval of the Agenda4. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes5. Recording the legality of the meeting6. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes7. Presentation of the annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022Review by the CEO8. Adoption of the Group annual accounts  income statement and balance sheet9. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend from the financial year ending on 31 December 2022 is paid. As Afarak Group SE has no distributable funds  no minority dividend can be demanded.10. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability11. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The remuneration report is published on 31 May 2023 as an attachment to this notice and it is also available on the Company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the AuditorIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 5 000 per month. The Chairman of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1 500 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1 500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company.13. Resolution on one-off retroactive additional compensation to Non-Executive Board membersIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-Executive Board Members Thorstein Abrahamsen and Dr Jelena Manojlovic shall be paid EUR 50 000 each as a one-off retroactive additional compensation for during the last couple of years having taken on substantial more work on a 24/7 availability basis  to facilitate operating through difficult times with reduced income during the pandemic and with a lot of changes in the Company (divestment of assets  downsizing  further development)  and through recovery and significant improved performance of the Company to its’ best ever financial result in 2022.14. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3).15. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic  Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the mandate that begins from the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2024.The consent of all the candidates for the Board of Directors has been obtained.16. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting according to the recommendation by the company's Audit Committee that Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy would be re-elected as the auditor of the company. Tietotili Audit Oy has proposed that the auditor with the main responsibility would be APA Urpo Salo.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Articles of Association are amended by changing the Article 8 (Call to the General Meeting) so that the general meeting can be held completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.Following the changes  the above-mentioned Article 8 of the Articles of Association reads as follows:“8 Call to the General MeetingThe call to the General Meeting shall be published on the company's website and as a stock exchange release no earlier than two (2) months and no later than twenty-one (21) days before the meeting  however  in any event nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. The Board of Directors may  at its discretion  also publish the call to the General Meeting in one or two national newspapers or by sending the call to the meeting to the shareholders to their addresses recorded in the share register by registered mail or other verifiable means. Aside from the location of the registered office  the General Meeting may also be held in Espoo  Oulu  Oulunsalo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders will exercise their decision-making power full-on and on an up-to-date basis by means of a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.”18. Acquisition of LL-resources GmbHPresentation of LL-resources GmbHIn accordance with the stock exchange release published on 12 May 2023  the Company is planning to acquire the entire share capital of LL-resources GmbH based on the signed Combination Agreement using the Company's new shares as consideration (the ""Transaction"").The resolution proposals made by the Board of Directors to the Annual General meeting in this matter are related to the implementation of the Transaction and form thus a single entity that the acceptance of each proposal made in this matter requires that the Annual General Meeting approves all the proposals of the Board of Directors made in this matter.a) Approval of the Transaction and authorization to the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting that the Transaction as detailed in the Circular dated 31 May 2023  be approved and that the Board of Directors be authorized to take all such steps as may be necessary or acceptable in relation thereto and to carry the same into effect with such modifications  variations  revisions or amendments (providing such modifications  variations  revisions or amendments are not of a material nature) as they shall deem necessary or desirable.The Circular will be published as a stock exchange release on 31 May 2023 and will also be available as a Board proposal to the Annual General Meeting on the Company's website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/b) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon directed share issueThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued up to a maximum of 140 000 000 new shares. This equates approximately 52.43 % of the Company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the directed share issue related to the implementation of the Transaction in such a way that the payment of the whole subscription price will be made with contribution in kind (the entire share capital of LL-resources GmbH).The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization does not replace the previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and upon issuing other special rights that entitle to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 250 000 000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 93.62 % of the company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that  by virtue of the authorization  the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces the previous authorization granted in the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.20. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAfarak Group SE has published the Report by the Board of Directors  the Financial Statements 2022  the Auditor's Report  the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address: https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 5 July 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1 Right to attendA shareholder who no later than on 9 June 2023 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register.2 Notice to attendA shareholder wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting shall give notice to attend the meeting to the Company no later than by 4:00 p.m. Helsinki time on 11 June 2023:through Euroclear Finland Oy’s website at the address: https://egm.apk.fi/eGM/gm/48368430108_en; orby e-mail to ilmo@afarak.comThe notice shall be at the Company before the deadline of the notice to attend.In addition to his/her name  a shareholder shall inform the Company of his/her personal identification number or business ID  address  phone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data of shareholders shall be used only for purposes related to the general meeting and necessary registration related thereto.Shareholders attending the Annual General Meeting have a right to request information concerning matters which are dealt with by the meeting as stated in the Finnish Companies Act  chapter 5  section 25.3 Using representative and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group SE  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal person shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal person in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In the General Meeting service of Euroclear Finland Oy  the authorized representative shall in connection with registration use strong electronic authentication and thereafter the electronic authorization is verified automatically. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.4 Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting  i.e. 9 June 2023 would be entitled  to be registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders’ Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 16 June 2023 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above. In addition  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.5 Advance votingShareholders that have a Finnish book-entry account (including equity savings account) may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period 31 May 2023 at 12:00 a.m. (EET) – 11 June 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). In addition  account managers of custodians may vote in advance on behalf of holders of nominee-registered shareholders they represent in accordance with their voting instructions provided by them within the registration period set for nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders that have voted in advance and that wish to exercise their other rights under the Finnish Companies Act  such as the right to ask questions  the right to propose resolutions  the right to demand a vote at the General Meeting or to vote on any other proposals to be made at the meeting  must attend the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.Advance voting is possible by the following means:a) through the Company’s website at the address:https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/For natural persons  the electronic voting in advance requires strong electronic authentication and the shareholder may register and vote in advance by logging in with personal Finnish online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information.b) by email:A shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to the address yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website at the latest from 31 May 2023 at 12:00 a.m. (EET) onwards. Representatives of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form produce a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by sending votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy  the delivery of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall constitute due registration for the General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration and advance voting is also delivered.Instructions relating to the electronic advance voting may also be found on the Company’s website at the address https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest from 31 May 2023 onwards.6 Other instructions and informationAfarak Group SE has at the date of notice  31 May 2023  in total 267 041 814 shares in issue and of which 267 041 814 have voting rights. The company holds in total 6 541 514 shares in treasury.IN HELSINKI  ON 31 MAY 2023.AFARAK GROUP SEBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor additional information  please contact:Guy Konsbruck  CEO  +356 2122 1566  guy.konsbruck@afarak.comAPPENDICESThe Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies 2022Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.5,0.48,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy', 'one-off retroactive additional compensation', 'Non-Executive Board Members Thorstein Abrahamsen', 'Afarak Group SE', 'Union Square Auditorium', 'Dr Jelena Manojlovic', '24/7 availability basis', 'significant improved performance', 'APA Urpo Salo', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Group annual accounts', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'General Meeting notice', 'Audit Committee', 'Finnish time', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'section C.', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'minority dividend', 'governing bodies', 'accommodation expenses', 'other costs', 'last couple', 'difficult times', 'reduced income', 'financial result', 'Guy Konsbruck', 'main responsibility', 'Remuneration Committee', 'committee work', 'Board membership', 'advance voting', 'financial year', 'travel rules', 'A. MATTERS', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', 'The Nomination', '10:30 a', '9:30 a', 'shareholders', '21 June', 'Unioninkatu', '00130 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Registration', 'right', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Approval', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', '2022 Review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'Company', 'accordance', '31 May', 'attachment', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholder-meetings', 'month', 'Chairman', 'EUR', 'Committees', 'executives', 'fee', 'invoice', 'years', 'substantial', 'pandemic', 'lot', 'changes', 'divestment', 'assets', 'development', 'recovery', 'best', 'number', 'mandate', 'consent', 'candidates', 'recommendation', 'Proposal', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Call', '11.', '14.']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25551,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679040/0/en/NOTICE-TO-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING.html,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  Notice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 June 2023 ......,"English FinnishNOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group SE of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 21 June 2023  starting at 10:30 a.m. (Finnish time) at Union Square Auditorium (Floor K1) Unioninkatu 22  00130 Helsinki  Finland.Registration begins at 9:30 a.m.The shareholders may also exercise their right to vote at the General Meeting by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this General Meeting notice in section C. “Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting”.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Approval of the Agenda4. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes5. Recording the legality of the meeting6. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes7. Presentation of the annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022Review by the CEO8. Adoption of the Group annual accounts  income statement and balance sheet9. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend from the financial year ending on 31 December 2022 is paid. As Afarak Group SE has no distributable funds  no minority dividend can be demanded.10. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability11. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the remuneration report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The remuneration report is published on 31 May 2023 as an attachment to this notice and it is also available on the Company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the AuditorIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 5 000 per month. The Chairman of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1 500 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1 500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company.13. Resolution on one-off retroactive additional compensation to Non-Executive Board membersIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-Executive Board Members Thorstein Abrahamsen and Dr Jelena Manojlovic shall be paid EUR 50 000 each as a one-off retroactive additional compensation for during the last couple of years having taken on substantial more work on a 24/7 availability basis  to facilitate operating through difficult times with reduced income during the pandemic and with a lot of changes in the Company (divestment of assets  downsizing  further development)  and through recovery and significant improved performance of the Company to its’ best ever financial result in 2022.14. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3).15. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic  Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the mandate that begins from the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2024.The consent of all the candidates for the Board of Directors has been obtained.16. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting according to the recommendation by the company's Audit Committee that Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy would be re-elected as the auditor of the company. Tietotili Audit Oy has proposed that the auditor with the main responsibility would be APA Urpo Salo.17. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Articles of Association are amended by changing the Article 8 (Call to the General Meeting) so that the general meeting can be held completely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.Following the changes  the above-mentioned Article 8 of the Articles of Association reads as follows:“8 Call to the General MeetingThe call to the General Meeting shall be published on the company's website and as a stock exchange release no earlier than two (2) months and no later than twenty-one (21) days before the meeting  however  in any event nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting. The Board of Directors may  at its discretion  also publish the call to the General Meeting in one or two national newspapers or by sending the call to the meeting to the shareholders to their addresses recorded in the share register by registered mail or other verifiable means. Aside from the location of the registered office  the General Meeting may also be held in Espoo  Oulu  Oulunsalo or Vantaa. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders will exercise their decision-making power full-on and on an up-to-date basis by means of a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.”18. Acquisition of LL-resources GmbHPresentation of LL-resources GmbHIn accordance with the stock exchange release published on 12 May 2023  the Company is planning to acquire the entire share capital of LL-resources GmbH based on the signed Combination Agreement using the Company's new shares as consideration (the ""Transaction"").The resolution proposals made by the Board of Directors to the Annual General meeting in this matter are related to the implementation of the Transaction and form thus a single entity that the acceptance of each proposal made in this matter requires that the Annual General Meeting approves all the proposals of the Board of Directors made in this matter.a) Approval of the Transaction and authorization to the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting that the Transaction as detailed in the Circular dated 31 May 2023  be approved and that the Board of Directors be authorized to take all such steps as may be necessary or acceptable in relation thereto and to carry the same into effect with such modifications  variations  revisions or amendments (providing such modifications  variations  revisions or amendments are not of a material nature) as they shall deem necessary or desirable.The Circular will be published as a stock exchange release on 31 May 2023 and will also be available as a Board proposal to the Annual General Meeting on the Company's website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/b) Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon directed share issueThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued up to a maximum of 140 000 000 new shares. This equates approximately 52.43 % of the Company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the directed share issue related to the implementation of the Transaction in such a way that the payment of the whole subscription price will be made with contribution in kind (the entire share capital of LL-resources GmbH).The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization does not replace the previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and upon issuing other special rights that entitle to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 250 000 000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 93.62 % of the company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that  by virtue of the authorization  the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces the previous authorization granted in the Annual General Meeting in 2022 and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.20. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAfarak Group SE has published the Report by the Board of Directors  the Financial Statements 2022  the Auditor's Report  the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address: https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 5 July 2023.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1 Right to attendA shareholder who no later than on 9 June 2023 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register.2 Notice to attendA shareholder wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting shall give notice to attend the meeting to the Company no later than by 4:00 p.m. Helsinki time on 11 June 2023:through Euroclear Finland Oy’s website at the address: https://egm.apk.fi/eGM/gm/48368430108_en; orby e-mail to ilmo@afarak.comThe notice shall be at the Company before the deadline of the notice to attend.In addition to his/her name  a shareholder shall inform the Company of his/her personal identification number or business ID  address  phone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data of shareholders shall be used only for purposes related to the general meeting and necessary registration related thereto.Shareholders attending the Annual General Meeting have a right to request information concerning matters which are dealt with by the meeting as stated in the Finnish Companies Act  chapter 5  section 25.3 Using representative and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group SE  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal person shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal person in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In the General Meeting service of Euroclear Finland Oy  the authorized representative shall in connection with registration use strong electronic authentication and thereafter the electronic authorization is verified automatically. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.4 Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting  i.e. 9 June 2023 would be entitled  to be registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders’ Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 16 June 2023 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above. In addition  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.5 Advance votingShareholders that have a Finnish book-entry account (including equity savings account) may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period 31 May 2023 at 12:00 a.m. (EET) – 11 June 2023 at 4:00 p.m. (EET). In addition  account managers of custodians may vote in advance on behalf of holders of nominee-registered shareholders they represent in accordance with their voting instructions provided by them within the registration period set for nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders that have voted in advance and that wish to exercise their other rights under the Finnish Companies Act  such as the right to ask questions  the right to propose resolutions  the right to demand a vote at the General Meeting or to vote on any other proposals to be made at the meeting  must attend the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.Advance voting is possible by the following means:a) through the Company’s website at the address:https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/For natural persons  the electronic voting in advance requires strong electronic authentication and the shareholder may register and vote in advance by logging in with personal Finnish online banking credentials or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information.b) by email:A shareholder may send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or corresponding information to Euroclear Finland Oy by email to the address yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website at the latest from 31 May 2023 at 12:00 a.m. (EET) onwards. Representatives of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form produce a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by sending votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy  the delivery of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall constitute due registration for the General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration and advance voting is also delivered.Instructions relating to the electronic advance voting may also be found on the Company’s website at the address https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest from 31 May 2023 onwards.6 Other instructions and informationAfarak Group SE has at the date of notice  31 May 2023  in total 267 041 814 shares in issue and of which 267 041 814 have voting rights. The company holds in total 6 541 514 shares in treasury.IN HELSINKI  ON 31 MAY 2023.AFARAK GROUP SEBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor additional information  please contact:Guy Konsbruck  CEO  +356 2122 1566  guy.konsbruck@afarak.comAPPENDICESThe Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies 2022Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy', 'one-off retroactive additional compensation', 'Union Square Auditorium', 'Dr Jelena Manojlovic', '24/7 availability basis', 'significant improved performance', 'APA Urpo Salo', 'Group annual accounts', 'Afarak Group SE', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'General Meeting notice', 'Non-executive Board Members', 'Audit Committee', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'English Finnish', 'Finnish time', 'section C.', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'minority dividend', 'governing bodies', 'accommodation expenses', 'other costs', 'Thorstein Abrahamsen', 'last couple', 'difficult times', 'reduced income', 'financial result', 'Guy Konsbruck', 'main responsibility', 'Remuneration Committee', 'committee work', 'The Nomination', 'Board membership', 'advance voting', 'financial year', 'travel rules', 'A. MATTERS', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', '10:30 a', '9:30 a', 'shareholders', '21 June', 'Unioninkatu', '00130 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Registration', 'right', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Approval', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', '2022 Review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'Company', 'accordance', '31 May', 'attachment', 'website', 'investors', 'shareholder-meetings', 'month', 'Chairman', 'EUR', 'Committees', 'executives', 'fee', 'invoice', 'years', 'substantial', 'pandemic', 'lot', 'changes', 'divestment', 'assets', 'development', 'recovery', 'best', 'number', 'mandate', 'consent', 'candidates', 'recommendation', 'Proposal', 'Articles', 'Association', '8 Call', '11.', '14.']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25552,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ZIGNSEC-AB-PUBL-71215904/news/ZignSec-Notice-of-AGM-2023-44003851/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,ZignSec : Notice of AGM 2023,"(marketscreener.com) Notice of AGM 2023.pdf""> Original Link   Original Document   Permalink   Disclaimer ZignSec AB published this content on 31 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  uned…","NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN ZIGNSEC AB (PUBL) The shareholders of ZignSec AB (publ)  reg. no. 559016-5261 (the ""Company"") are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday 30 of June 2023 at 13:00 CEST at the premises of Eversheds Sutherland located at Svevägen 20  Stockholm. Registration begins at 12:45. RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AND NOTIFICATION Shareholders who wish to participate at the general meeting must on the record date  which is 21 June 2023  be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB; andgive notice to participate no later than 26 June 2023 by email to johan.tornqvist@zignsec.com or by mail to ZignSec AB  Gävlegatan 12 B 113 30 Stockholm. When registering  the shareholder must provide their name  shareholding  personal or organisational identification number  address  and telephone number  as well as  if applicable  information on proxies (up to two). The notification should  if applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates  and other authorisation documents. Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered in the name of a bank or other nominee must  in addition to giving notice of attendance to the Company  register such shares in their own names so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 20 June 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and request for such registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines in such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations effected no later than 26 June 2023 will be considered by Euroclear Sweden AB in the preparation of the share register. Shareholders represented by proxy must issue a written proxy  signed and dated by the shareholder  to the proxy holder. The validity period of the proxy may be up to five years if specified. If no validity period is specified  the proxy is valid for up to one year. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent for the legal entity must be attached. The original proxy and any registration certificates should be sent to the Company at the address provided above well in advance of the meeting. The proxy form is available on the Company's website www.zignsec.combefore the meeting. PROPOSED AGENDA Opening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and the auditors' report and the group annual report and the group auditor's report Resolution regarding: adoption of income statement and balance sheet and the group income statement and the group balance sheet  regarding the profit or loss of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet  and discharge from liability of the Board of Directors and the managing director Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and to the auditors Election of the Board of Directors and auditors Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on issues of shares  warrants and convertibles Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to make minor adjustments to the resolutions Closing of the meetingPROPOSAL FOR RESOLUTIONS Item 8b - Resolution on the appropriation of the profit or loss of the Company in accordance with the adopted balance sheet The Board of Directors proposes that all funds available for the Annual General Meeting shall be carried forward. Item 9 - Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and to the auditors The Board proposes that remuneration to the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  shall be SEK 100 000 to each of the members of the Board of Directors  and SEK 200 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors. The total remuneration to the Board of Directors shall amount to a maximum of SEK 500 000. The Board may decide in the period up to the next Annual General Meeting to assign individual members to work specifically on the development of the Company's corporate governance functions  for example in the form of committees  in areas such as leadership  finance  compliance and IT issues  among others. To enable this  it is proposed that an additional fee totaling SEK 300 000 may be paid for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  distributed among a maximum of three members  to the extent that the Board decides on the said assignments. Where applicable  it is proposed that remuneration of SEK 60 000 be paid to each member of the audit committee. Furthermore  it is proposed that the remuneration of the Company's auditor shall be paid in accordance with the current account approved by the Board of Directors. Item 10 - Election of the Board of Directors  auditors  and deputy auditors For the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  it is proposed that the number of Board members be four (4)  without deputies. It is proposed that Pär Kastengren  Marie-Louise Gefwert and Alex Noton be re-elected as ordinary directors of the Board. In addition  it is proposed that Abdalla Kablan is elected as a new ordinary director of the Board. Abdalla Kablan Abdalla Kablan is a serial entrepreneur and investor with a focus on artificial intelligence  machine learning  and fintech. Abdalla Kablan has also conducted research and lectured in Computational Finance at the University of Malta. Marie-Louise Gefwert is proposed for election as new Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors proposes  for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  the re-election of the registered accounting firm Ernst & Young Aktiebolag (""EY"") as the Company's auditor. EY has indicated that  in the event of EY's re-election  Charlotte Catrine Holmstrand will continue to be the auditor in charge. Item 11 - Resolution to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on issues of shares  warrants and convertibles The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors - on one or more occasions and at the latest until the next Annual General Meeting - to decide to increase the Company's share capital by issuing new shares and to issue warrants and convertibles. New issues of shares  as well as issues of warrants and convertibles  may be made without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and with or without provision for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. Pursuant to Chapter 16 of the Swedish Companies Act  the Board of Directors may not  by virtue of this authorisation  decide on issues to members of the Board of Directors of the group  employees and others. Issues without derogation from the shareholders' preferential rights may be made to the extent permitted by the current Articles of Association  or by any other Articles of Association that the shareholders may adopt by the required majority during the period up to the next Annual General Meeting. The total number of shares covered by issues in derogation of the shareholders'",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ZignSec', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'to five years', 'corporate governance functions', 'Pär Kasteng', 'Voting rights registrations', 'other authorisation documents', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'organisational identification number', 'group annual report', 'group income statement', 'group balance sheet', 'voting right registration', 'voting list', 'ZIGNSEC AB', 'Eversheds Sutherland', 'Svevägen', 'record date', 'share register', 'johan.tornqvist', 'Gävlegatan', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'two persons', 'minutes Examination', 'managing director', 'minor adjustments', 'additional fee', 'audit committee', 'current account', 'meeting Preparation', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'other nominee', 'individual members', 'three members', 'one year', 'agenda Election', ""auditors' report"", 'IT issues', 'deputy auditors', 'proxy holder', 'original proxy', 'validity period', 'convertibles Resolution', 'total remuneration', 'auditors Election', 'proxy form', 'Board members', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'Company', 'Friday', 'June', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'PARTICIPATE', 'NOTIFICATION', 'email', 'name', 'shareholding', 'personal', 'address', 'information', 'proxies', 'powers', 'attorney', 'shares', 'bank', 'attendance', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'time', 'advance', 'copy', 'website', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'profit', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'Determination', 'fees', 'warrants', 'resolutions', 'PROPOSAL', 'Item', 'appropriation', 'funds', 'maximum', 'SEK', 'development', 'example', 'committees', 'areas', 'leadership', 'finance', 'compliance', 'others', 'extent', 'assignments', 'deputies', '13:00']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25553,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-peru-announces-stand-alone-tender-for-existing-bonds-and-issuance-of-new-bonds-301838672.html,Republic of Peru Announces Stand-Alone Tender for Existing Bonds and Issuance of New Bonds,"LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to purchase for cash (the ""USD Tender Offers"") its outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025  2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominat…","LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to purchase for cash (the ""USD Tender Offers"") its outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025  2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2026  4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2027  2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2030  and 2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2031 (the ""Old Bonds"") in an aggregate amount based on a maximum aggregate purchase price that will be determined by Peru in its sole discretion (the ""Maximum Purchase Amount"") on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase (the ""USD Tender Offer Document""). The USD Tender Offers will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the USD Tender Offer Document  including the pricing and closing of the a new notes offering  in a principal amount and on terms and conditions acceptable to Peru.Peru also commenced a separate offer to (i) exchange Peru's outstanding 5.200% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2023  5.200% GDNs due 2023  5.700% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2024  5.700% GDNs due 2024  8.200% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2026  8.200% GDNs due 2026  6.350% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2028 and 6.350% GDNs due 2028 (the ""Existing Bonos Soberanos"") for a new series of Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos due 2033 or (ii) purchase for cash the Existing Bonos Soberanos on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the exchange and tender offering memorandum dated May 31  2023 (the ""Offering Memorandum""). To request offering materials relating to such offer  please contact Global Bondholder Services Corporation (the ""Information Agent"")  whose information is listed below.The price payable per U.S.$1 000 principal amount for each series of Old Bonds that are tendered by holders and accepted pursuant to the USD Tender Offers (the ""Purchase Price"") during the tender period is provided in the table below.Old Bonds OutstandingAggregate PrincipalAmount of Old Bondsas of May 31  2023 (1) PurchasePrice(2) 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025 U.S.$ 1 541 616 000 U.S.$1 055.00 2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2026 U.S.$ 1 000 000 000 U.S.$943.75 4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2027 U.S.$ 1 013 140 000 U.S.$985.00 2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2030 U.S.$ 750 000 000 U.S.$877.75 2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2031 U.S.$ 3 750 000 000 U.S.$856.50(1) These amounts may include Old Bonds held by institutions and companies controlled by the Peruvian Government that have not been cancelled. (2) Per U.S.$1 000 principal amount of Old Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase.Holders whose Old Bonds are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the USD Tender Offers will also receive an amount in cash equal to any accrued and unpaid interest (""Accrued Interest"") on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Settlement Date (as defined below).THE USD TENDER OFFERS WILL COMMENCE AT OR AROUND 8:00 A.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON MAY 31  2023. UNLESS EXTENDED OR EARLIER TERMINATED. THE USD TENDER OFFERS EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON JUNE 6  2023 (THE ""EXPIRATION DEADLINE"").The USD Tender Offers are not conditioned upon any minimum participation of any series of Old Bonds. Peru reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to prorate one or more series of Old Bonds and may subject each series of Old Bonds to different proration factors  or not to accept any  some  or all USD Tender Offers  or to modify the Purchase Price for any  some  or all series of Old Bonds upon the terms and conditions described in the USD Tender Offer Document  or to terminate all or some of the USD Tender Offers for any reason. The Maximum Purchase Amount as of a given time shall be the amount determined by Peru in its sole discretion prior to the Settlement Date.Old Bonds tendered pursuant to the USD Tender Offers may only be withdrawn prior to the Expiration Deadline  but not thereafter.Payment for Old Bonds accepted for purchase shall be made on a date promptly following the Expiration Deadline (the ""Settlement Date"") by Peru depositing or causing the deposit of the Purchase Price and of Accrued Interest  in each case  for all accepted Old Bonds in immediately available funds with DTC which will act as agents for tendering Holders for the purpose of receiving the applicable Purchase Price  plus Accrued Interest  and transmitting such Purchase Price (and Accrued Interest) to such Holders.Holders whose Old Bonds are held through DTC must arrange for a direct participant in DTC to submit their tender offer to DTC through DTC's Automated Tender Offer Program (""ATOP"") and follow the procedure for book-entry transfer set forth in the USD Tender Offer Document. DTC has confirmed that the Offers of Old Bonds are eligible for ATOP. Accordingly  a DTC participant whose name appears on a security position listing as the holder of the relevant Old Bonds must electronically tender its Old Bonds causing DTC to transfer the Old Bonds in the participant's account to the Information Agent's ATOP account at DTC in accordance with DTC's ATOP procedures for such a transfer. DTC will then send an agent's message to the Information Agent.Holders whose Old Bonds are held through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.  as operator of the Euroclear System (""Euroclear"") or Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  Luxembourg (""Clearstream"") must arrange for a direct participant in Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg  as the case may be  to deliver their tender offer  which includes ""blocking"" instructions (as defined in the USD Tender Offer Document)  to Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg in accordance with the procedures and deadlines specified by Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg prior to the Expiration Deadline must provide instructions for the use of ATOP and observe their applicable deadlines. Holders must submit their tenders through DTC's ATOP system in accordance with the deadlines and procedures established by DTC  and an agent's message with respect to their tender must be received by the Information Agent prior to the Expiration Deadline.Holders whose Old Bonds are held through a custodian may not submit a tender directly and should contact that custodian to tender on their behalf.Peru is making the USD Tender Offers only in those jurisdictions where it is legal to do so. The USD Tender Offers are void in all jurisdictions where such Tender Offers are prohibited. If materials relating to the USD Tender Offers come into your possession  you are required by Peru to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the USD Tender Offers do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.FURTHER INFORMATIONFor copies of the USD Tender Offer Document  contact the Information Agent for the USD Tender Offers as follows:Global Bondholder Services Corporation65 Broadway – Suite 404New York  NY 10006United States of AmericaAttention: Corporate ActionsBanks and Brokers call: (212) 430-3774Toll free: (855) 654-2014Email: [email protected]https://www.gbsc-usa.com/PeruDISCLAIMERThe USD Tender Offer Document is not for release  publication or distribution to any person located or resident in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to distribute the USD Tender Offer Document. Persons into whose possession any materials comes are required by Peru  the Dealer Managers and the Information Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any of the securities described herein  nor shall there be any offer or sale of such securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful.The USD Tender Offers are made solely pursuant to the USD Tender Offer Document dated the date hereof.This announcement is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") of the Order  (iii) are persons falling within Article 43 of the Order  (iv) are outside the United Kingdom  or (v) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and is to be engaged in only with relevant persons.This announcement must be read in conjunction with the applicable USD Tender Offer Document relating to the New Bond Offering. This announcement and the USD Tender Offer Document contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to any USD Tender Offer. If any holder of Old Bonds is in any doubt as to the action it should take  it is recommended that such holder seek its own financial and legal advice  including as to any tax consequences  immediately from its stockbroker  bank manager  attorney  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. None of Peru  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent makes any recommendation as to whether holders of Old Bonds should tender Old Bonds or participate in the USD Tender Offers.This announcement contains forward-looking statements and information that is necessarily subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions. No assurance can be given that the transactions described herein will be consummated or as to the terms of any such transactions. Peru assumes no obligation to update or correct the information contained in this announcement.SOURCE The Republic of Peru",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Stand-Alone Tender', 'New Bonds', 'Republic', 'Peru', 'Issuance', 'outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', 'Global Bondholder Services Corporation', 'U.S.$1,000 principal amount', 'Automated Tender Offer Program', 'NEW YORK CITY TIME', 'USD Tender Offer Document', 'outstanding 5.200% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos', 'The USD Tender Offers', 'maximum aggregate purchase price', 'Old Bonds Outstanding', 'Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds', 'different proration factors', '5.700% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos', 'Existing Bonos Soberanos', 'new notes offering', 'tender offering memorandum', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'applicable Purchase Price', 'tender period', 'aggregate amount', 'The Republic', 'separate offer', 'new series', 'sole discretion', 'Peruvian Government', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'EXPIRATION DEADLINE', 'minimum participation', 'direct participant', 'book-entry transfer', 'security position', 'Settlement Date', 'Information Agent', 'DTC participant', 'LIMA', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'cash', 'terms', 'conditions', 'pricing', 'closing', '5.200% GDNs', '5.700% GDNs', '8.200% GDNs', '6.350% GDNs', 'exchange', 'May', 'materials', 'holders', 'table', 'amounts', 'institutions', 'companies', 'AROUND', 'EARLIER', '5:00 P', 'JUNE', 'right', 'one', 'reason', 'Payment', 'deposit', 'case', 'funds', 'agents', 'purpose', 'ATOP', 'procedure', 'name']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25554,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679050/0/en/Buy-backs-and-cancellation-of-shares-in-CoinShares-International-Limited.html,Buy-backs and cancellation of shares in CoinShares International Limited,"31 May 2023 | SAINT HELIER  Jersey - As announced on 04 April 2023  the Board of Directors of CoinShares International Limited (""CoinShares"" or the ""Company"") (Nasdaq Stockholm Market: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF)  Europe's leading alternative asset manager specialis…","31 May 2023 | SAINT HELIER  Jersey - As announced on 04 April 2023  the Board of Directors of CoinShares International Limited (""CoinShares"" or the ""Company"") (Nasdaq Stockholm Market: CS; US OTCQX: CNSRF)  Europe's leading alternative asset manager specialising in digital assets  resolved to implement a share buy-back program and repurchase shares on Nasdaq Stockholm Market during the period 04 April 2023  up to and including 30 May 2023 for total maximum amount of SEK 25 million in accordance with the authorisation from the Annual General Meeting on 20 June 2022.The Board of Directors’ resolution to implement the share buy-back program was made after the Board's review of the Company's capital structure and was implemented for the purposes of reducing the capital of the Company.The share buy-back program is carried out in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (""MAR"") and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2016/1052 (the ""Safe Harbour Regulation"").The Company today announces that share buy-backs of shares in the Company (ISIN: JE00BLD8Y945) have been effected as set forth below (aggregated level):Date Number of shares acquired Lowest price paid (SEK) Highest price paid (SEK) Volume weighted average (SEK) 23 May 2023 1 435 29.95 30.85 30.29 24 May 2023 1 445 28.60 29.80 29.06 25 May 2023 1 018 29.00 31.05 29.68 26 May 2023 913 30.05 31.05 30.75 29 May 2023 1 460 3.05 30.40 30.26 30 May 2023 913 31.20 31.50 31.34 6 271All share buy-backs have been carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm Market by the Company. Following the above repurchases  the Company's holding of own shares as of 31 May 2023 amounts to 592 364 shares. The total number of shares in CoinShares amounts to 68 135 425.For a full break-down of repurchases made  please refer to the attached announcement.The cancellation of own shares will be registered with Euroclear Sweden and the Company’s Registrar as soon as possible and  in any event  before 31 July 2023. After cancellation  the total number of shares in CoinShares will be 67 543 061 and the total number of votes attached to the shares will be 67 543 061. Following registration of the cancellation  the Company will hold no treasury shares.About CoinSharesCoinShares is the European leading alternative asset manager specialising in digital assets  that delivers a broad range of financial services across investment management  trading and securities to a wide array of clients that includes corporations  financial institutions and individuals. Founded in 2013  the firm is headquartered in Jersey  with offices in France  Stockholm  the UK and the US. CoinShares is regulated in Jersey by the Jersey Financial Services Commission  in France by the Autorité des marchés financiers  in the US by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. CoinShares is publicly listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker CS and the OTCQX under the ticker CNSRF.For more information on CoinShares  please visit: https://coinshares.comCompany | +44 (0)1534 513 100 | enquiries@coinshares.comInvestor Relations | +44 (0)1534 513 100 | enquiries@coinshares.comThis information is information that CoinShares International Limited is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). The information in this press release has been published through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 08:00 BST on Wednesday  31 May 2023.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.49,0.51,True,English,"['CoinShares International Limited', 'Buy-backs', 'cancellation', 'European leading alternative asset manager', 'des marchés financiers', 'Financial Industry Regulatory Authority', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Jersey Financial Services Commission', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Safe Harbour Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share buy-back program', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Market', 'total maximum amount', 'CoinShares International Limited', 'financial institutions', 'share buy-backs', 'total number', 'SAINT HELIER', 'digital assets', 'Date Number', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'full break-down', 'attached announcement', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'broad range', 'investment management', 'wide array', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'contact persons', 'Directors’ resolution', 'capital structure', 'The Company', 'treasury shares', 'US OTCQX', '592,364 shares', '31 May', '04 April', 'Board', 'CS', 'CNSRF', 'repurchase', 'period', '30 May', 'SEK', 'accordance', 'authorisation', '20 June', 'review', 'purposes', 'ISIN', 'level', '23 May', '24 May', '25 May', '26 May', '29 May', 'holding', 'cancellation', 'Registrar', 'event', '31 July', 'votes', 'registration', 'trading', 'securities', 'clients', 'corporations', 'individuals', 'firm', 'offices', 'France', 'UK', 'ticker', 'information', 'enquiries', 'agency', 'Wednesday', 'Attachment', '08:00']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25555,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ECO-WAVE-POWER-GLOBAL-AB-124328864/news/Eco-Wave-Power-Global-NOTICE-TO-ATTEND-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-ECO-WAVE-POWER-GLOBAL-AB-PUB-44005972/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Eco Wave Power Global : NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF ECO WAVE POWER GLOBAL AB (PUBL) - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)  NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF ECO WAVE POWER GLOBAL AB    The shareholders of Eco Wave Power Global AB   reg. no. 559202-9499   are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 10:00 a.m. CEST on Frida…,"NOTICE TO ATTEND THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF ECO WAVE POWER GLOBAL AB (PUBL)The shareholders of Eco Wave Power Global AB (publ)  reg. no. 559202-9499 (the ""Company"" or ""EcoWave"")  are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 10:00 a.m. CEST on Friday June 30  2023. The meeting will be held at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå's offices at address Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm. Registration for the meeting commences 30 minutes before the opening of the meeting.NoticeShareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must:(i) be entered in the shareholders' register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is Wednesday June 21  2023; and(ii) notify the Company of their attendance no later than Monday June 26  2023. Notification can be made in writing to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Andreas Wårdh  P.O. Box 1050  SE-101 39 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to andreas.wardh@setterwalls.se.Notification shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  daytime telephone number and  if appropriate  information about representative  proxy  and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two. To facilitate entry to the meeting  notification should  where appropriate  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Nominee registered sharesShareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must request temporary entry in the transcription of the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (so-called voting rights registration) in order to be entitled to participate and vote for their shares at the meeting. The shareholder must inform the nominee well in advance of Wednesday June 21  2023  at which time the register entry must have been made. Voting rights registration that has been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Monday June 26  2023  will  however  be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proxy votingA shareholder represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by registration certificate or  if not applicable  equivalent documents of authority. Power of attorney forms for those shareholders wishing to participate by proxy will be available on the Company's website www.ecowavepower.com. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding how your personal data is processed in connection with the annual general meeting  please refer to the privacy policy on Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting;2. Preparation and approval of the voting list;3. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting;4. Approval of the agenda;5. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened;6. Submission of the 2022 annual report and the auditor's report as well as of the December 31  2022 financial statements;7. Resolution in respect of adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet;8. Resolution in respect of allocation of the Company's result according to the adopted balance sheet;9. Resolution in respect of the members of the board of directors' and the CEO's discharge from liability;10. Determination of the number of members of the board of directors as well as of the number of auditors;11. Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditors;12. Election of members of the board of directors and auditors;13. Resolution on an authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capital;14. Resolution on changes to the articles of association;15. Resolution on an authorization for the board of directors to resolve to purchase and transfer own shares of the Company;16. Closing of the meeting.Proposed resolutions by the board of directorsElection of chairmanMarcus Nivinger (lawyer at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå) is proposed as chairman of the meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the board of directors.Allocation of the Company's resultThe board of directors proposes that the Company's result shall be carried forward in new account and that no dividend shall be paid for the financial year 2022.Resolution on an authorization for the board of directors to increase the share capitalThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on an authorization for the board of directors to - for the period up to the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and at one or more occasions - resolve upon issuance of new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures. Payment may be made in cash  in kind  through set-off of claims or otherwise be conditional. Deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be allowed in situations where a directed issue is deemed more appropriate for the Company due to timing  commercial or similar reasons  and in order to enable acquisitions. The board of directors sees a shareholder value in being able to take advantage of attractive acquisition opportunities or otherwise make investments in promising projects and/or to broaden the shareholder base in a time-efficient manner. New issues of shares or issues of warrants or convertibles based on the authorization shall  in deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  be made with the shareholders´ best interest in mind and at a market-based subscription price according to the market conditions prevailing at the time of the issue of the shares  warrants and/or convertibles.2The chairman of the board of directors  the Chief Executive Officer or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. A valid resolution requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.Resolution on changes to the articles of associationThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to introduce a new paragraph 10 in the articles of association that allows the board of directors to collect powers of attorney in accordance with the order provided for in Chapter 7  Section 4 of the Swedish Companies Act and which also enables the board of directors to resolve that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before a general meeting in accordance with what is provided for in Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act. The proposed amendment changes the numbering of the articles of association so that the current paragraph 10 becomes paragraph 11 and the current paragraph 11 becomes paragraph 12.Proposed wordingCollection of proxy forms and postal votingThe board of directors may collect proxies at the company's expense pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  section 4  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act. The board of directors may also  prior to a general meeting  resolve that shareholders shall have the option to exercise their voting rights by means of postal voting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  section 4 a  second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act.The chairman of the board of directors  the chief Executive Officer or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. A valid resolution requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.Resolution on an authorization for the board of directors to resolve to purchase and transfer own shares of the CompanyThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on an authorization for the board of directors to resolve on purchases of the company's own shares in accordance with the following main terms:1. Share repurchases may be made only on Nasdaq Capital Market or any other regulated market.32. The authorization may be exercised on one or more occasions before the 2024 annual general meeting.3. The maximum number of own shares that may be repurchased so that the company's holding of shares at any given time does not exceed 10 percent of the total number of shares in the company.4. Repurchases of the company's own shares on Nasdaq Capital Market may only be made at a price within the range of the highest purchase price and lowest selling price at any given time.5. Payment for the shares shall be made in cash.In addition  the board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve on transfers of own shares  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  in accordance with the following main terms:1. Transfers may be made on (i) Nasdaq Capital Market or (ii) outside of Nasdaq Capital Market in connection with acquisitions of companies  operations or assets.2. The authorization may be exercised on one or more occasions before the 2024 annual general meeting.3. The maximum number of shares that may be transferred corresponds to the number of shares held by the company at the point in time of the board of directors' decision on the transfer.4. Transfers of shares on Nasdaq Capital Market may only be made at a price within the range of the highest purchase price and lowest selling price at any given time. For transfers outside of Nasdaq Capital Market  the price shall be set so that the transfer is made at market terms  except for delivery of shares in connection with employee stock option programs.5. Payment for transferred shares may be made in cash  through in-kind payment  or through set-off against claims with the company.The purpose of the authorizations is to give the board of directors greater scope to act and the opportunity to adapt and improve the company's capital structure and thereby create further shareholder value  and take advantage of any attractive acquisition opportunities. The board of directors shall have the right to resolve on other terms for repurchases and transfers of own shares in accordance with its authorization.4The use of the authorization in this item 15 is conditional on necessary permits first being obtained from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority in accordance with Chapter 19 of the Swedish Companies Act.The chairman of the board of directors  the Chief Executive Officer or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. A valid resolution requires that the proposal is supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of all shares represented at the meeting.Proposed resolutions by shareholdersItems 10-12. Election of and remuneration to the board of directors and auditorsThe board of directors today consists of the following five (5) ordinary members without deputy members: Mats Andersson (chairman)  Elias Jacobson  David Leb  Annath Abecassis and Inna Braverman. It is proposed that the board of directors shall consist of five (5) ordinary members without deputy members until the end of the next annual general meeting. Furthermore  it is proposed that one registered accounting firm shall be elected as auditor.It is proposed that the fees payable to the board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting shall amount to a total of SEK 900 000 out of which SEK 300 000 shall be paid to the chairman and SEK 200 000 to each of the other ordinary members  except for Inna Braverman who will receive no board fee. It is proposed that the Company's auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved quotes and invoices.It is proposed to re-elect Mats Andersson  David Leb  Annath Abecassis and Inna Braverman as ordinary board members until the end of the next annual general meeting. It is further proposed to new-elect Gilles Amar as ordinary board member until the end of the next annual general meeting. Mats Andersson is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors. Elias Jacobson has declined re-election.It is proposed to new-elect the accounting firm PriceWaterhouseCoopers AB  as the Company´s auditor. The auditor has notified that Anna Rozhdestvenskaya will act as a chief auditor.Number of shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares in the Company at the time of issuance of this notice is 44 394 844. The Company does not hold any of its own shares.Shareholders' right to request informationPursuant to Chapter 7 section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (205:551))  the board of directors and the Chief Executive Officer are under a duty to  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be made without material damage to the Company  at the meeting provide information  regarding circumstances  which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or of the Company's economic situation. Such duty to provide information also comprises the Company's relation to the other group companies  the consolidated financial statements and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries which are set out in the foregoing sentence.DocumentationThe financial accounts  auditor's report  complete proposals and other documents to be dealt with at the annual general meeting will become available at the Company's office not later than three (3) weeks before the meeting. The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The documents will also be made available not later than the aforementioned date on the Company's website www.ecowavepower.com. All the above-mentioned documents will also be presented at the annual general meeting._____Stockholm  May 2023The board of directors5",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.18,0.14,True,English,"['ECO WAVE POWER GLOBAL AB', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'PUBL', 'Form', 'ECO WAVE POWER GLOBAL AB', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'next annual general meeting', 'Andreas Wårdh', 'P.O. Box', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'December 31, 2022 financial statements', 'Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'voting rights registration', ""shareholders' preferential rights"", 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'Nominee registered shares', 'voting list', '2022 annual report', 'financial year', 'personal data', 'registration certificates', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'other documents', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'original version', 'privacy policy', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'balance sheet', 'share capital', 'Marcus Nivinger', 'other person', 'Proxy voting', 'temporary entry', 'register entry', ""shareholders' register"", 'Monday June', 'full name', 'new account', 'attorney forms', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'Company', 'EcoWave', 'Friday', 'offices', 'address', 'Sturegatan', 'Stockholm', 'opening', 'Wednesday', 'attendance', 'Notification', 'writing', 'Attn', 'mail', 'information', 'representative', 'assistants', 'powers', 'authority', 'transcription', 'order', 'advance', 'preparation', 'website', 'Processing', 'connection', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'agenda', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'profit', 'allocation', 'result', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'authorization', 'changes', 'articles', 'association', 'Closing', 'lawyer', 'period', 'deviation', 'occasions', '10:00', '4.', '5.', '6.']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25556,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-wave-group-ab-sets-record-day-for-share-split-301838232.html,New Wave Group AB sets record day for share split,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- At the Annual General Meeting of New Wave Group AB (publ) on 16 May 2023  a resolution was passed on a subdivision of the company's shares whereby each existing share will be subdivided into two shares of the s…,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- At the Annual General Meeting of New Wave Group AB (publ) on 16 May 2023  a resolution was passed on a subdivision of the company's shares whereby each existing share will be subdivided into two shares of the same class (2-for-1 share split). The Board has now decided that the record day for the execution of the share split shall be 13 June 2023.The last day of trading in New Wave Group AB's shares before the split is 9 June 2023. The first day of trading in New Wave Group AB's shares after the split is 12 June 2023. Due to the split  the shares in New Wave Group AB will be traded under new ISIN codes starting from 12 June 2023. The new ISIN code for the A share is SE0020356962 and the new ISIN code for the B share is SE0020356970. In connection with the split  the B share will take over the existing trading venue on Nasdaq Stockholm. The A share will remain unlisted.The split of the company's shares will occur automatically via Euroclear Sweden AB and shareholders do not need to take any action. The new number of shares is expected to be registered in each shareholder's securities account on 14 June 2023.After the split  the total number of shares in the company will amount to 132 687 086  of which 39 415 360 are shares of series A and 93 271 726 are shares of series B.For further information  please contact:CEO and Group CEOTorsten JanssonPhone: +46 (0) 31 712 89 01Email: [email protected]Deputy Group CEOGöran HärstedtPhone: +46 (0) 703 62 56 11Email: [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/932/3777223/2093456.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE New Wave Group,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['New Wave Group AB', 'record day', 'share', 'split', 'Göran Härstedt', 'SOURCE New Wave Group', 'New Wave Group AB', 'new ISIN codes', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Deputy Group CEO', 'The A share', 'existing trading venue', 'new number', 'existing share', 'series A', 'B share', 'same class', 'record day', 'last day', 'first day', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'securities account', 'total number', 'series B', 'Torsten Jansson', 'following files', 'Press release', 'share split', 'two shares', 'GOTHENBURG', '16 May', 'resolution', 'subdivision', 'company', 'Board', 'execution', '9 June', '12 June', 'connection', 'shareholders', 'action', '14 June', 'information', 'Phone', 'Email', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', '13']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25557,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FREELINE-THERAPEUTICS-HOL-110594703/news/Freeline-Therapeutics-THIS-DOCUMENT-IS-IMPORTANT-AND-REQUIRES-YOUR-IMMEDIATE-ATTENTION-Form-6-K-44006244/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Freeline Therapeutics : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com) Re-appointment and appointment of Directors   In accordance with the Company's Articles of Association  each of the current Directors who has held office since last year's AGM will retire and stand for re-appointment. Resolutions 5 to …,"Freeline Therapeutics : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION - Form 6-K 05/31/2023 | 04:52pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in any doubt as to any aspect of the proposals referred to in this notice or as to the action you should take  please take advice from a stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional adviser. If you have sold or otherwise transferred all of your shares  please send this document  together with the enclosed documents  at once to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through whom the sale or transfer was effected for transmission to the purchaser or transferee. Whether or not you propose to attend the AGM  please complete and submit a form of proxy in accordance with the instructions printed on the enclosed form (the ""Form of Proxy""). The Form of Proxy must be received not less than 48 hours (without taking account of any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time of the holding of the AGM (i.e. by 2:00 p.m. (London time) on 26 June 2023). NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF FREELINE THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS PLC (THE ""COMPANY"") to be held at the offices of Skadden  Arps  Slate  Meagher & Flom (UK) LLP 22 Bishopsgate  London  EC2N 4BQ  United Kingdom on 28 June 2023 at 2:00 p.m. (London time) (the ""AGM"") Notice to overseas persons The distribution of this document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law and therefore persons into whose possession this document comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. FREELINE THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS PLC - NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Contents Letter from the Chairman of Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc 3 Notice of Annual General Meeting 7 Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements This document contains statements about the Company that are or may be ""forward-looking statements"". All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this document may be forward-looking statements. Without limitation  any statements preceded or followed by  or that include  the words ""targets""  ""plans""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""aims""  ""intends""  ""will""  ""may""  ""should""  ""anticipates""  ""estimates""  ""projects"" or words or terms of similar substance  or the negative thereof  are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and have not been reviewed by the auditors of the Company. These factors are discussed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of filings that the Company makes with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2022. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results  performance or achievements of any such person  or industry results  to be materially different from any results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the present and future business strategies of such persons and the environment in which each will operate in the future. Past performance is not a guarantee of future performance. Investors should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements and  save as is required by law or regulation  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements (including to reflect any change in expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based). All subsequent forward-looking statements attributed to the Company or any persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statement above. All forward-looking statements contained in this document are based on information available to the Directors of the Company at the date of this document  unless some other time is specified in relation to them  and the posting or receipt of this document shall not give rise to any implication that there has been no change in the facts set forth herein since such date. 2 Letter from the Chairman of Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc (Registered and incorporated in England and Wales with Company number 12546479) Registered Office: Sycamore House Gunnels Wood Road Stevenage Hertfordshire  SG1 2BP England 31 May 2023 Directors Chris Hollowood Colin A. Love Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz Julia P. Gregory Martin Andrews Michael J. Parini Paul Schneider Dear Shareholder  Notice of 2023 Annual General Meeting 1. Introduction The purpose of this document is to provide you with details of the resolutions to be proposed at the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") of the Company to be held on 28 June 2023 at 2:00 p.m. (London time) and convened by the formal Notice of AGM set out on pages 7 to 12 of this document. In addition to highlighting the usual business to be transacted at the AGM  this letter explains the background to the resolutions which will be considered at the AGM  why the board of directors (hereinafter  the ""Directors"" or ""Board"") consider the resolutions to be in the best interests of shareholders of the Company as a whole and why they recommend that you vote in favour of the resolutions. It also contains important information about the arrangements for the administration of the AGM. 2. Attendance and voting The AGM will be held as a hybrid general meeting so that shareholders will be able to participate in the meeting virtually or in person. The Company has made arrangements for you to be able to participate online. Details of the online arrangements  including how to join the AGM  vote and ask questions during the meeting  are set out in the notes on pages 8 to 12 and the guide on page 13 of this document. On behalf of the Board  I hope that you will be able to join us either in person or virtually on 28 June 2023. I encourage all shareholders to exercise their right to vote on the resolutions being put to the AGM in advance of the meeting by submitting a proxy vote  either by completing and returning the Form of Proxy posted to shareholders or by providing voting instructions electronically through www.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxy. Further details on how to register a proxy vote  along with information for CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy via the CREST electronic proxy appointment services  are set out on the notes on pages 8 to 12. Shareholders are advised to appoint me  the Chairman of the meeting  as your proxy to ensure that your vote is counted if for any reason you are not able to attend on the day. 3 In accordance with the Company's Articles of Association  all resolutions will be voted on by way of a poll. 3. Resolutions The business to be conducted at the AGM consists of consideration of the following resolutions. Each of the resolutions will be proposed as ordinary resolutions. This means that for each of the resolutions to be passed  more than half of the votes cast must be in favour of the resolution. Resolution 1 - Annual Report and Accounts The Directors are obliged to present the annual financial statements  the strategic report  the directors' report and the independent auditor's report (the ""U.K. Annual Report and Accounts"") to shareholders at the AGM. Resolution 2 - Directors' Remuneration Report In accordance with the U.K. Companies Act 2006  we are required to seek an annual non-binding advisory vote from our shareholders to approve the Directors' Remuneration Report and we are therefore seeking shareholders' approval  on an advisory basis  of the Directors' Remuneration Report. The approval sought does not include the U.K. Directors' Remuneration Policy  which was approved by shareholders by way of binding vote at the Company's AGM on 28 June 2021 and remains valid for a period of three financial years without the need for new shareholder approval  unless changes are proposed. The report sets out the remuneration that has been paid to each person who has served as a Director at any time during the financial year ended 31 December 2022. We encourage shareholders to read the U.K. Directors' Remuneration Report  which can be found in our U.K. Annual Report and Accounts. As this vote is advisory and not binding on our Board or our remuneration committee  a vote against this proposal will not overrule any decisions made by our Board or our remuneration committee  or require our Board or our remuneration committee to take any action with respect to the remuneration decisions set out therein. However  our remuneration committee will take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future compensation decisions. Resolutions 3 and 4 - Appointment and remuneration of Deloitte LLP The Company is required to appoint auditors at each general meeting at which accounts are presented to shareholders to hold office until the next such meeting. Resolution 3 proposes the re-appointment of Deloitte LLP as auditors of the Company. Resolution 4 authorises the Directors to determine Deloitte LLP's remuneration. You are asked to authorise the Directors to re-appoint Deloitte LLP as auditors and to authorise the Directors to determine their remuneration. Deloitte LLP have indicated that they are willing to continue to act as the Company's auditors for a further year. Resolutions 5 to 11 (inclusive) - Re-appointment and appointment of Directors In accordance with the Company's Articles of Association  each of the current Directors who has held office since last year's AGM will retire and stand for re-appointment. Resolutions 5 to 10 (inclusive) propose their re-appointment by the Company's shareholders. Paul Schneider is standing for appointment as a Director by the Company's shareholders for the first time  having been appointed by the Board on 30 March 2023. Resolution 11 4 proposes his appointment by the Company's shareholders. Biographical details of each of the Directors can be found on the Company's Investor Relations website (www.freeline.life/investors/corporate-governance) to enable shareholders to take an informed decision on their re-appointment or appointment. Each of the Directors are recommended by the Board for re-appointment or appointment. Resolution 12 - Approval of option repricing This resolution seeks approval of the Option Repricing (as defined below)  As a result of the Company's depressed share price  all of the outstanding options over Company shares granted under the (i) Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc 2021 Equity Inducement Plan; and (ii) Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (together the ""Plans"") are  as at the date of this notice of AGM  ""underwater"" (meaning the per share option exercise price is higher than the Company's share price). Additionally  on 12 May 2023  the Company changed its American Depositary Share (""ADS"") to ordinary share ratio from one (1) ADS representing one (1) ordinary share to the new ratio of one (1) ADS representing fifteen (15) ordinary shares (the ""Ratio Change""). The Ratio Change was effected to enable the Company to regain compliance with the Nasdaq Stock Market's $1.00 minimum bid price requirement. As a result of the Ratio Change  each option if and when exercised will be settled by 15-times fewer ADSs than before  and the exercise price of each option when presented as the per ADS exercise price has been multiplied by 15. The Company faces significant competition for experienced and talented personnel with critical and high-demand skills in its industry. While the Company's compensation packages generally include a number of different components  the Board and its remuneration committee believe that equity compensation generally and options in particular are a critical part of the Company's compensation program. The Board designed the Plans to incentivise the successful execution of business strategy over the longer term  to attract  provide long-term retention and motivate persons who make (or are expected to make) important contributions to the Company  and to increase alignment of interests with shareholders. The In-Scope Options (as defined below) have exercise prices ranging from $0.47 to $8.15 per ordinary share (or $7.05 to $122.25 per ADS  after adjusting for the Ratio Change). They were also all granted within the last two years and accordingly are all majority unvested. While the Board remains optimistic regarding the potential of the Company's FLT201 product candidate for the treatment of Gaucher disease  the price of the Company's shares remains depressed. On 16 May 2023  the closing market value of an ADS as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market was $3.28 per ADS. While the Board and its remuneration committee strive to maintain a market-appropriate balance between employee and investor ownership  the In-Scope Options do not currently incentivise option holders and are unlikely to be exercised and dilute shareholders in the near term. The Board and its remuneration committee have determined that the lack of incentive could materially interfere with the Company's efforts to retain the service of the holders of the In-Scope Options. Therefore  on 17 May 2023  the Board approved  subject to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM  the Option Repricing  to encourage an increasing alignment of their interests with those of shareholders and their stake in the long-term performance and success of the Company. The Board has determined that the Option Repricing is in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders as a whole. In accordance with the applicable rules of the Plans  and in line with U.K. investors' expectations  you are being asked to consider  and if thought fit  approve (by way of ordinary resolution)  the repricing of certain underwater options (the ""Option Repricing"")  the key terms of which are as follows: i. an option will only be within the scope of the Option Repricing  and therefore amended accordingly if: a. the option was granted under one of the Plans  on or after 1 June 2021; b. its exercise price is greater than or equal to $0.42 per ordinary share (or $6.27 per ADS); 5 c. the option is outstanding and unexercised (whether vested or unvested)  as at 30 June 2023 (the ""Repricing Date""); and d. the option is held by an option holder who is an employee of the Company as at the Repricing Date  (each an ""In-Scope Option""); and ii. the per share exercise price set at the date of grant of each In-Scope Option will be disregarded and replaced with a revised per share exercise price. The revised per share exercise price will be equal to the closing sales price for ADSs as quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market for the last day preceding the Repricing Date during which a sale occurred  as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Board deems reliable. There would be no changes to the vesting schedules or any other terms and conditions to the In-Scope Options  and options held by an option holder who is a non-executive director of or consultant to the Company will not be considered an ""In-Scope Option"" and will therefore remain unaffected by the proposed Option Repricing. The Board also considered implementing a program to exchange underwater options for new options. However  the exchange ratios for such an exchange would likely result in fewer replacement awards being granted  and the Board did not believe such a program would provide sufficient incentives for retention under the Company's current circumstances. In addition  any exchange proposal would require compliance with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's tender offer rules and result in additional costs  complexities and burdens on the Company's resources. Even if the Option Repricing is approved by shareholders  the Board will have discretion to not proceed with the Option Repricing. 4. Action to be taken You will find a Form of Proxy enclosed with this document for use in connection with the AGM. Whether or not you intend to be present at the AGM  you are requested to complete and return the Form of Proxy in accordance with the instructions printed thereon as soon as possible. To be valid  forms of proxy must be completed and received by the Company's registrars  Computershare Investor Services PLC  at the Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol  BS99 6ZY  United Kingdom not later than 2:00 p.m. (London time) on 26 June 2023  being 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM (without taking account of any part of a day that is not a working day) or completed electronically in accordance with the notes to this document. Completion of the Form of Proxy will not preclude you from attending the AGM and voting in person if you so wish. 5. Recommendation The Directors consider that the resolutions to be proposed at the AGM are in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole and are likely to promote the success of the Company. The Directors unanimously recommend that you vote in favour of the proposed resolutions as they intend to do in respect of their own beneficial holdings. Yours faithfully  Chris Hollowood Chairman 6 FREELINE THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS PLC (the ""Company"") (Registered and incorporated in England and Wales with company number 12546479) NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that an Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") of the Company will be held at the offices of Skadden  Arps  Slate  Meagher & Flom (UK) LLP at 22 Bishopsgate  London  EC2N 4BQ  United Kingdom on 28 June 2023 at 2.00 p.m. (London time) to consider and  if thought fit  to pass the resolutions below. Each of resolutions 1 to 12 will be proposed as an ordinary resolution. Ordinary resolutions 1. That the Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022  together with the Directors' Report and independent Auditor's Report thereon  be received and adopted. 2. That the Directors' Remuneration Report (excluding the Directors' Remuneration Policy) as set out in the Annual Report and Accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 be approved. 3. That Deloitte LLP be re-appointed as auditors to hold office from the conclusion of this AGM until the conclusion of the next AGM at which the Company's Annual Report and Accounts are presented. 4. That the Directors of the Company be authorised to determine Deloitte LLP's remuneration. 5. That Chris Hollowood be re-appointed as a director of the Company. 6. That Martin Andrews be re-appointed as a director of the Company. 7. That Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz be re-appointed as a director of the Company. 8. That Julia P. Gregory be re-appointed as a director of the Company. 9. That Colin A. Love be re-appointed as a director of the Company. 10. That Michael J. Parini be re-appointed as a director of the Company. 11. That Paul Schneider  who was appointed by the Board since the last AGM  be appointed as a director of the Company. 12. That the amendment of the exercise price of each outstanding underwater option granted to an employee of the Company on or after 1 June 2021 with an exercise price greater than or equal to $0.42 per ordinary share (or $6.27 per ADS) under the (i) Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc 2021 Equity Inducement Plan; and (ii) Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc 2020 Equity Incentive Plan  from the existing applicable per ADS exercise price to a new replacement per ADS exercise price equal to the closing sales price for ADSs as quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market for the last day preceding 30 June 2023 (being the Repricing Date) during which a sale occurred  as reported in The Wall Street Journal or another source the Board deems reliable  be hereby approved. Pope McCorkle IV Company Secretary 31 May 2023 BY ORDER OF THE BOARD REGISTERED OFFICE Sycamore House Gunnels Wood Road Stevenage Hertfordshire  SG1 2BP England 7 Notes: Entitlement to attend and vote 1. Shareholders are invited to attend and participate in the AGM in person or online. The Directors are enabling shareholders to attend and participate in the AGM electronically by accessing the AGM website at meetnow.global/FTLAGM2023. 2. Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company and Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001  the Company specifies that only those shareholders registered on the Company's register of members at: a. close of business on 26 June 2023; or b. if the AGM is adjourned  close of business on the day that is two working days prior to the adjourned meeting  shall be entitled to attend and vote at the AGM or adjourned meeting (as applicable) in respect of the number of ordinary shares registered in their name at the time. Changes to entries on the register of members after this time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the AGM. Entry to the virtual AGM 3. If you wish to attend the meeting virtually  rather than in person  you will need to visit meetnow.global/FTLAGM2023 on your electronic device (smart phone  tablet or PC) operating a compatible browser using the latest version of Chrome  Firefox  Edge or Safari. Please note that Internet Explorer is not supported. It is highly recommended that you check your system capabilities in advance of the date of the AGM. 4. If you are a shareholder  you can use your unique Shareholder Reference Number and PIN as displayed on your Form of Proxy. If you are an appointed proxy or a corporate representative you will have had to be provided with a unique invite code to enter the meeting and exercise rights on behalf of the relevant shareholder. Please see 'Appointment of proxy electronically' and 'Corporate representatives' below for instructions on how to request access credentials for a proxy or corporate representative. These credentials will be issued one working day prior to the meeting  conditional on evidence of your proxy appointment or corporate representative appointment having been received and accepted. If you have not been provided with your meeting access credentials  please ensure you contact Computershare by calling +44 (0370) 703 6147 on the morning of the meeting  but no later than 1 hour before the start of the meeting. 5. Access to the meeting via meetnow.global/FTLAGM2023 will be available from 1:30 p.m. (London time) on 28 June 2023. During the meeting  you must ensure you are connected to the internet at all times in order to vote when the Chairman commences polling on resolutions being put to the meeting. It is your responsibility to ensure connectivity for the duration of the meeting. Website giving information regarding the AGM 6. Information regarding the AGM can be found at https://www.freeline.life/investors/agm. Appointment of proxies 7. If you are a shareholder of the Company at the time set out in note 2 above  you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of your rights to attend  speak and vote at the AGM and you should have received a Form of Proxy with this notice of AGM. You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set out in these notes and the notes to the Form of Proxy. Shareholders are encouraged to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as their proxy to ensure they can exercise their vote and be represented at the meeting in the event they are unable to attend on the day. 8 8. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder of the Company but must attend the AGM (whether virtually or in person) to represent you. Details of how to appoint the Chairman of the AGM or another person as your proxy using the Form of Proxy are set out in the notes to the Form of Proxy. If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at the AGM you will need to appoint your own choice of proxy (not the Chairman) and give your instructions directly to them. 9. You may appoint more than one proxy provided each proxy is appointed to exercise rights attached to different shares. You may not appoint more than one proxy to exercise rights attached to any one share. If you are appointing more than one proxy you must indicate the number of shares in respect of which you are making this appointment. You should include the number in the box provided for your first named proxy and either obtain (an) additional form(s) of proxy from the registrar of the Company  Computershare Investor Services PLC  or you may photocopy the Form of Proxy. Please return all the forms together and tick the box to indicate each form is one of multiple instructions being given. Please take care when completing the number of shares; if the total number of shares exceeds the total number held by the shareholder  all appointments may be invalid. All forms of proxy must be signed and should be returned together in the same envelope. 10. Appointment of a proxy does not preclude a shareholder from attending the AGM and voting in person. If you wish to attend the AGM in person  please bring with you the attendance card included in the Form of Proxy accompanying this notice of AGM. This will authenticate your right to attend  speak and vote at the AGM and assist us in registering your attendance without delay. 11. The right to appoint a proxy does not apply to persons whose shares are held on their behalf by another person and who have been nominated to receive communications from the Company in accordance with Section 146 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006 (nominated persons). Nominated persons may have a right under an agreement with the registered shareholder who holds the shares on their behalf to be appointed (or to have someone else appointed) as a proxy. Alternatively  if nominated persons do not have such a right  or do not wish to exercise it  they may have a right under such an agreement to give instructions to the person holding the shares as to the exercise of voting rights. Appointment of proxy using hard copy Form of Proxy 12. The notes to the Form of Proxy explain how to direct your proxy to vote on the resolution or withhold their vote. To validly appoint a proxy using the Form of Proxy  the form must be: a. completed and signed; and b. sent or delivered to the Company's registrar's address at the Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol  BS99 6ZY  United Kingdom  so as to be received not less than 48 hours (without taking account of any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned meeting to which it relates. 13. In the case of a shareholder which is a company  the Form of Proxy must be executed under its common seal or signed on its behalf by a duly authorised officer or director of the company or a duly authorised attorney for the company. 14. Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the Form of Proxy is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power of authority) must be included with the Form of Proxy  so as to be received not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned meeting to which it relates. Appointment of proxy electronically 15. As an alternative to completing the hard copy Form of Proxy  you can appoint a proxy electronically by visiting www.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxy. You will be asked to enter your control number  shareholder reference number and PIN  which can be found on the Form of Proxy. For an electronic proxy appointment to be valid  your appointment must be received by Computershare Investor Services PLC not less than 48 hours (without taking account of any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time appointed for holding the AGM or adjourned meeting to which it relates. 9 16. If your proxy wishes to attend the AGM virtually  please contact Computershare Investor Services PLC by email at corporate-representatives@computershare.co.uk or alternatively call +44 (0370) 703 6147  providing details of your proxy appointment including their email address so that unique credentials can be issued to allow the proxy to access the electronic meeting. Access credentials will be emailed to the appointee one working day prior to the meeting. Lines are open 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday to Friday (excluding bank holidays). Appointment of proxies through CREST 17. CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic appointment service  may do so for the AGM and any adjournment(s) thereof by utilising the procedures described in the ""CREST Reference Manual"" issued by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (the ""CREST Manual""). CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s) should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. 18. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy  must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's agent  Computershare Investor Services PLC (ID: 3RA50)  by the latest time for receipt of proxy appointments specified in these notes. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. 19. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST proxy instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this regard  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. 20. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST proxy instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Appointment of proxy by joint holders 21. In the case of joint holders  where more than one of the joint holders purports to appoint a proxy  only the appointment submitted by the most senior holder will be accepted. Seniority is determined by the order in which the names of the joint holders appear in the Company's register of members in respect of the joint holding (the first-named being the most senior). Changing proxy instructions 22. To change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Note that the cut-off time for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also applies in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded. 23. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard-copy Form of Proxy and would like to change the instructions using another hard-copy Form of Proxy  please contact Computershare Investor Services PLC to request a form. 10 24. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will supersede all previous instructions. Termination of proxy appointments 25. Any appointment under a Form of Proxy may only be revoked by delivering a notice in writing given by or on behalf of the person by whom or on whose behalf the Form of Proxy was given to Computershare Investor Services PLC at the Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol  BS99 6ZY  United Kingdom. 26. A notice revoking a proxy appointment only takes effect if it is delivered no later than 48 hours (without taking account of any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time of the AGM or adjourned meeting to which it relates. 27. Appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending the AGM (or any adjournment thereof) and voting in person. If you have appointed a proxy and attend the AGM (or any adjournment thereof) in person  your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated. Corporate representatives 28. A corporation which is a shareholder can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all of its powers as a shareholder  provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers over the same ordinary shares. 29. If a corporate representative wishes to attend the AGM virtually  please contact Computershare Investor Services PLC by emailing corporate-representatives@computershare.co.uk or alternatively call +44 (0370) 703 6147  providing details of your appointee including their email address  confirmation of the meeting they wish to attend and a copy of a signed letter of representation on headed paper confirming the authorisation referred to in section 323 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006  so that unique credentials can be issued to allow the corporate representative to access the electronic meeting. Access credentials will be emailed to the appointee one working day prior to the meeting. If documentation supporting the appointment of the corporate representative is supplied later than 48 hours (without taking account of any part of a day that is not a working day) before the time of the AGM or adjourned meeting to which it relates  the unique credentials to access the meeting will be issued on a best endeavours basis. Verification of identity 30. Shareholders  proxies and authorised representatives will be required to provide their names and addresses for verification against the register of members and proxy appointments received by the Company before entering the AGM. Electronic address 31. You may not use any electronic address (within the meaning of Section 333(4) of the U.K. Companies Act 2006) provided in this notice of AGM (or in any related documents including the Form of Proxy) to communicate with the Company for any purposes other than those expressly stated. Requests under section 527 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006 32. Under section 527 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006  shareholders meeting the threshold requirements set out in that section have the right to require the Company to publish on a website a statement setting out any matter relating to: a. the audit of the Company's Accounts (including the auditor's report and the conduct of the audit) that are to be laid before the AGM; or 11 b. any circumstance connected with an auditor of the Company ceasing to hold office since the previous meeting at which the Annual Report and Accounts were laid in accordance with section 437 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006. The Company may not require the shareholders requesting any such website publication to pay its expenses in complying with sections 527 or 528 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006. Where the Company is required to place a statement on a website under section 527 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006  it must forward the statement to the Company's auditor not later than the time when it makes the statement available on the website. The business which may be dealt with at the AGM includes any statement that the Company has been required under section 527 of the U.K. Companies Act 2006 to publish on a website. 12 HOW TO PARTICIPATE IN ONLINE MEETINGS Attending the AGM online This year we will be conducting a hybrid meeting  giving you the opportunity to attend the meeting in-person or to participate online  using your smartphone  tablet or computer. If you choose to participate online you will be able to view a live webcast of the meeting  ask questions and submit your votes in real time. Visit: meetnow.global/FTLAGM2023 You will need the latest version of Chrome  Safari  Edge or Firefox to participate online. Please ensure your browser is compatible in advance of the meeting. Meeting Access To login you must have your Shareholder Reference Number and PIN as set out on the Form of Proxy. 28 June 2023 @ 2.00pm (UK) You will be able to log into the meeting 30mins before the meeting start time above. Access Navigation Click JOIN MEETING NOW' Once the webpage above has loaded into your web browser  select 'Shareholder' on the login screen and enter your Shareholder Reference Number and PIN. If you are a third-party proxy  corporate representative or an invited guest  use the link on the email you will receive from Computershare prior to the meeting. Otherwise select 'Invitation' on the login screen then enter your personalised invitation code from the email. If you have trouble logging in  please follow the instructions on screen. If you are a guest: Select 'Guest' on the login screen. As a guest you will be prompted to complete all relevant fields including title  first name  last name and email address. When successfully authenticated  the home screen will be displayed. You can view company information  ask questions  and watch the webcast. If viewing on a computer  the webcast will appear automatically once the meeting has started. Voting Once the voting has opened  the options will be on your screen. To vote  simply select your voting direction from the options shown on screen. Your vote has been cast when the check mark appears. To change your vote  select 'Change My Vote'. Please note  guests will not be able to ask questionsor vote at the meeting. Technical Issues If you experience any technical issues with the site you may either call our registrar on the telephone number provided on the site or once you have entered the meeting  you can raise your question using the chat function. If you have technical issues prior to the start of the meeting you should contact our registrar on the shareholder helpline. Messaging Any eligible member attending the meeting remotely is permitted to partake in the discussion. Press the Q&A icon to submit your question. Type your message into the box at the bottom of the screen and press the 'Send' button. 13 FREELINE THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS PLC Sycamore House Gunnels Wood Road Stevenage Hertfordshire  SG1 2BP England Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc published this content on 31 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 31 May 2023 20:51:30 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about FREELINE THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS PLC 05/31 Freeline Therapeutics : THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION -.. PU 05/30 Wedbush Raises Price Target on Freeline Therapeutics to $5 From $1  Maintains Outperfor.. MT 05/30 Syncona investee Freeline swings to first-quarter profit AN 05/30 Freeline Reports First Quarter 2023 Financial Results and Business Highlights AQ 05/30 Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc Reports Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended.. CI 05/22 Freeline Granted ILAP Designation in United Kingdom by MHRA for FLT201  an Investigatio.. AQ 05/22 Freeline Therapeutics Holdings plc Receives ILAP Designation in United Kingdom by MHRA .. CI 05/12 Freeline Therapeutics : Completes ADS Ratio Change - Form 6-K PU 05/12 Freeline Completes ADS Ratio Change AQ 04/21 Freeline Announces Proposed ADS Ratio Change AQ Analyst Recommendations on FREELINE THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS PLC 05/30 Wedbush Raises Price Target on Freeline Therapeutics to $5 From $1  Maintains Outperfor.. MT 04/05 HC Wainwright Lowers Price Target on Freeline Therapeutics to $2 From $15  Maintains Bu.. MT 04/05 Stifel Downgrades Freeline Therapeutics to Hold From Buy  Adjusts Price Target to $1 Fr.. MT",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,negative,0.02,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Freeline Therapeutics', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'DOCUMENT', 'Form', 'Directors Chris Hollowood Colin A. Love Jeffrey A. Chodakewitz Julia P. Gregory Martin Andrews', 'Sycamore House Gunnels Wood Road Stevenage Hertfordshire', 'Michael J. Parini Paul Schneider', 'FREELINE THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS PLC', 'other independent professional adviser', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Contents', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'U.S. Securities', 'Risk Factors"" section', 'future business strategies', 'subsequent forward-looking statements', 'Annual Report', 'other agent', 'securities laws', 'other factors', 'other time', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'EC2N 4BQ', 'United Kingdom', '7 Cautionary note', 'similar substance', 'Exchange Commission', 'numerous assumptions', 'undue reliance', 'Dear Shareholder', 'actual results', 'industry results', 'future performance', 'Past performance', 'First name', 'working day', 'historical facts', 'cautionary statement', 'London time', 'overseas persons', 'Company number', 'DOCUMENT', '04:52pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'Required', 'fields', 'doubt', 'aspect', 'proposals', 'notice', 'action', 'advice', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'shares', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'bank', 'sale', 'transmission', 'AGM', 'proxy', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'enclosed', 'less', '48 hours', 'part', '26 June', 'offices', 'Skadden', 'Arps', 'Slate', 'Meagher', 'Flom', 'UK', 'LLP', '22 Bishopsgate', '28 June', 'distribution', 'jurisdictions', 'possession', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'Letter', 'Chairman', 'limitation', 'words', 'targets', 'plans', 'expects', 'aims', 'estimates', 'projects', 'terms', 'guarantees', 'auditors', 'filings', 'year', 'known', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'present', 'environment', 'Investors', 'regulation', 'obligation', 'expectations', 'regard', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'behalf', 'entirety', 'information', 'date', 'relation', 'posting', 'receipt', 'rise', 'England', 'Wales', 'SG1', 'Introduction', 'purpose', 'details', 'resolutions', '2:00']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25558,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-peru-announces-exchange-and-tender-for-existing-bonds-and-issuance-of-new-bonds-301838671.html,Republic of Peru Announces Exchange and Tender for Existing Bonds and Issuance of New Bonds,"LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to (i) exchange certain of Peru's outstanding sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos (the ""Existing Bonos Soberanos"")  including bonos soberanos in t…","LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to (i) exchange certain of Peru's outstanding sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos (the ""Existing Bonos Soberanos"")  including bonos soberanos in the form of Global Depositary Notes (each a ""GDN"") previously issued by Citibank  N.A.  as depositary (the ""Existing GDNs"" together with the Existing Bonos Soberanos  the ""Existing Bonds"") for a new series of Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos due 2033 (the ""New Bonos Soberanos"") (including new GDNs (the ""New GDNs"" together with the New Bonos Soberanos  the ""New Bonds"")) (collectively  the ""Exchange Offers"" and each an ""Exchange Offer"") and/or (ii) purchase for cash the Existing Bonds (collectively  the ""Cash Tender Offers""  and each a ""Cash Tender Offer""). The Exchange Offers and Cash Tender Offers are referred to collectively herein as the ""Offers"". The Offers are being conducted upon terms and subject to certain conditions set forth in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum dated May 31  2023.Peru commenced a separate offer to purchase (the ""USD Tender Offers"") certain of Peru's outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025  2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2026  4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2027  2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2030  and 2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2031  on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a separate offer to purchase (the ""USD Bond Offer Document""). The USD Bond Offers will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the USD Bond Offer Document. To request offering materials relating to the USD Bond Tender Offers  please contact the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent  whose information is listed below.In the Cash Tender Offers  the price (the ""Purchase Price"") payable per S/1 000 principal amount for each series of Existing Bonds  that are tendered by holders and accepted pursuant to the Offers is provided in the table below. In the Exchange Offers  the exchange consideration (the ""Exchange Consideration"") offered for each S/1 000 principal amount of Existing Bonds is the applicable principal amount of New Bonds to be announced by Peru as soon as reasonably practicable after the pricing of the New Bonds being concurrently offered for cash  via a press release to the news media. The coupon for the New Bonds will be announced at the same time. In the Exchange Offers  Existing Bonds in the form of bonos soberanos may only be exchanged for New Bonds in the form of bonos soberanos  and Existing Bonds in the form of GDNs may only be exchanged for New Bonds in the form of GDNs.Existing Bonds Outstanding AggregatePrincipal Amount as ofMay 31  2023 (1) PurchasePrice(2)(4) ExchangeConsideration(2)(4) 5.200% Bonos Soberanos due 2023 S/ 1 309 373 000 S/1 000.00 To be announced. 5.200% GDNs due 2023(3) — S/999.00 To be announced. 5.700% Bonos Soberanos due 2024 S/6 740 798 000 S/998.75 To be announced. 5.700% GDNs due 2024(3) — S/997.75 To be announced. 8.200% Bonos Soberanos due 2026 S/12 516 553 000 S/1 061.25 To be announced. 8.200% GDNs due 2026(3) — S/1 060.25 To be announced. 6.350% Bonos Soberanos due 2028 S/16 625 287 000 S/992.50 To be announced. 6.350% GDNs due 2028(3) — S/991.50 To be announced.(1) These amounts may include Existing Bonds held by institutions and companies controlled by the Peruvian Government that have not been cancelled. (2) Purchase Price or Exchange Consideration per S/1 000 principal amount of the Existing Bonos Soberanos validly tendered and accepted for purchase or exchange  as applicable. (3) Issued by Citibank  N.A.  as the depositary. (4) Each GDN represents one Bono Soberano of S/1 000 in principal amount. The Purchase Prices of Existing GDNs reflect fees associated with the cancellation of the Existing GDNs payable to Citibank  N.A.  as the depositary. The Exchange Consideration for the Existing GDNs will not reflect such fees.Pursuant to the Cash Tender Offers  Existing Bonds in the form of bonos soberanos that are accepted for purchase will be paid for in Soles  and Existing Bonds in the form of GDNs that are accepted for purchase will be paid for in U.S. dollars. Holders whose Existing Bonds are validly exchanged or tendered and accepted for exchange or purchase pursuant to the Offers will also receive an amount in cash equal to any accrued and unpaid interest on their Existing Bonds  up to (but excluding) the Settlement Date.The Purchase Price  Accrued Interest (as defined in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum) and Cash Rounding Amount (as defined in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum)  as applicable  of the Existing Bonds tendered and accepted in the form of GDNs will be calculated by converting the applicable Soles amounts to U.S. dollars  at the average rate between the bid price (compra) and the offer price (venta) of the exchange rate published by the Superintendencia de Banca  Seguros y AFP on its website (http://www.sbs.gob.pe) at the close of business on the business day prior to the Expiration Deadline  as adjusted for three decimals.THE OFFERS WILL COMMENCE AT APPROXIMATELY 8:00 A.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON MAY 31  2023. UNLESS EXTENDED OR EARLIER TERMINATED. THE OFFERS EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON JUNE 6  2023.Each offer to exchange and each tender for purchase any series of Existing Bonds is made as a separate  independent offer. The Offers are not conditioned upon any minimum participation of any series of Existing Bonds. Peru reserves the right  in its sole and absolute discretion  not to accept any and all Existing Bonds tendered in any Exchange Offer or Cash Tender Offer in respect of one or more series of Existing Bonds  and any Offer may be subject to proration at the sole discretion of Peru. In addition  Peru reserves the right  in its sole and absolute discretion to modify in any manner  any of the terms and conditions of the Offers. Peru will determine a Maximum Exchange Amount and a Maximum Purchase Amount for the Exchange Offers and Cash Tender Offers  respectively  as part of this process.Tenders and exchanges of Existing GDNs must be submitted through a direct participant in the Depository Trust Company (""DTC"")  Euroclear or Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme (""Clearstream"") systems  as applicable. Tenders of Existing Bonos Soberanos are to be made by holders to the Ministerio de Economia y Finanzas (""MEF"") account under reference code 426 at CAVALI S.A. ICLV (""CAVALI"")  all in accordance with the procedures specified in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum.Existing GDNs tendered pursuant to the Offers may only be withdrawn prior to the Withdrawal Deadline in accordance with the procedures specified in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum.If any holder wishes to tender or exchange its Existing GDNs pursuant to the Offers  the direct participant through which such holder holds its Existing GDNs must submit  prior to the Expiration Deadline to tender or exchange Existing GDNs  by properly instructing DTC through the DTC Automated Tender Offer Program (""ATOP""). Tenders or exchanges of Existing GDNs must be submitted through a direct participant in DTC.Tenders and exchanges of Existing Bonos Soberanos must be made by holders to the MEF account at CAVALI  under reference code 426 and the MEF and Santander Peru must be notified of such tender or exchange. Tendering and exchanging holders are responsible for arranging the delivery of their notes through CAVALI's WARI platform.Peru is making the Offers only in those jurisdictions where it is legal to do so. The Offers are void in all jurisdictions where such Offers are prohibited. If materials relating to the Offers come into your possession  you are required by Peru to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or any state securities laws. Accordingly  the Offers will only be directed  and copies of the offering documents will only be made available  to a holder of the Existing Bonds who has certified its status as (1) a ""qualified institutional buyer"" in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act or (2) outside of the United States of America non-U.S persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act.Only holders who have properly completed and submitted the Eligibility Certification are authorized to receive and review the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum. Holders may obtain the Eligibility Certification by contacting the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent per its contact details below.The materials relating to the Offers do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.FURTHER INFORMATIONThe Tender  Exchange and Information Agent for the Offers is:Global Bondholder Services Corporation65 Broadway – Suite 404New York  NY 10006United States of AmericaAttention: Corporate ActionsBanks and Brokers call: (212) 430-3774Toll free: (855) 654-2014Email: [email protected]https://gbsc-usa.com/eligibility/peruThe Peruvian Market Maker for the Offers is:Banco Santander Perú S.A.Av. Rivera Navarrete 475 Piso 14 San Isidro  Lima  PerúEmail: [email protected]The Issuer for the Offers is:Ministerio de Economía y Finanzas del PerúJr. Junín No. 319Lima  PerúEmail: [email protected]DISCLAIMERThe Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum is not for release  publication or distribution to any person located or resident in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to distribute the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum. Persons into whose possession any Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum comes are required by Peru  the Dealer Managers and the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any of the securities described herein  nor shall there be any offer or sale of such securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful.The Offers are made solely pursuant to the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum dated the date hereof.This announcement is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") of the Order  (iii) are persons falling within Article 43 of the Order  (iv) are outside the United Kingdom  or (v) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and is to be engaged in only with relevant persons.This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum. This announcement and the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to any Offer. If any holder of Existing Bonos Soberanos is in any doubt as to the action it should take  it is recommended that such holder seek its own financial and legal advice  including as to any tax consequences  immediately from its stockbroker  bank manager  attorney  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. None of Peru  the Dealer Managers or the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent makes any recommendation as to whether holders of Existing Bonds should tender Existing Bonds or participate in the Offers.This announcement contains forward-looking statements and information that is necessarily subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions. No assurance can be given that the transactions described herein will be consummated or as to the terms of any such transactions. Peru assumes no obligation to update or correct the information contained in this announcement.SOURCE The Republic of Peru",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds', 'Republic', 'Peru', 'Exchange', 'Tender', 'Issuance', 'outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', 'USD Bond Offer Document', 'USD Bond Tender Offers', 'The USD Bond Offers', 'U.S. dollars', 'Global Depositary Notes', 'outstanding sovereign bonds', 'Bonds Outstanding Aggregate', 'USD Tender Offers', 'one Bono Soberano', 'Tender Offering Memorandum', 'Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds', 'S/1,000 principal amount', 'applicable principal amount', 'Cash Tender Offer', 'Cash Rounding Amount', 'applicable Soles amounts', 'Existing Bonos Soberanos', 'The Exchange Offers', 'New Bonos Soberanos', 'The Exchange Consideration', 'The Purchase Price', 'separate offer', 'offer price', 'The Republic', 'Existing Bonds', 'New Bonds', '700% Bonos Soberanos', '200% Bonos Soberanos', '350% Bonos Soberanos', 'N.A.', 'press release', 'news media', 'same time', 'Peruvian Government', 'unpaid interest', 'Settlement Date', 'Accrued Interest', 'average rate', 'bid price', 'Superintendencia de', 'exchange rate', 'new series', 'Purchase Prices', 'Existing GDNs', 'Information Agent', 'new GDNs', '5.200% GDNs', '5.700% GDNs', '8.200% GDNs', '6.350% GDNs', 'LIMA', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'Citibank', 'terms', 'conditions', 'materials', 'holders', 'table', 'pricing', 'coupon', 'institutions', 'companies', 'fees', 'cancellation', 'compra', 'venta', 'Banca', 'Seguros', 'AFP', 'website', 'sbs']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25559,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.telecomtv.com/content/access-evolution/what-s-up-with-viasat-china-telecom-orange-and-sky-47619/,What’s up with… Viasat  China Telecom  Orange and Sky,Viasat completes its $7.3bn acquisition of InmarsatChina Telecom pumps major funds into quantum computingOrange Romania and the UK’s Sky prepare for job cuts -…,In today’s industry news roundup: Viasat finally swallows Inmarsat; China Telecom is the latest telco to steer R&D funds towards quantum technology; Orange Romania and Sky in the UK are preparing to cut hundreds of staff each; and much more!It’s done and dusted! The $7.3bn acquisition of UK satellite operator Inmarsat by what was previously its US peer  Viasat  has now been completed. First unveiled in November 2021  the deal crossed the finish line today having obtained blessings from UK’s Competition and Markets Authority (CMA)  the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and the European Commission  all within the space of a month. Once integrated  the pumped-up company’s assets are set to “increase the pace and scope of innovation in the global satellite connectivity sector ” as well as address the “ever-increasing speed  flexibility  reliability  coverage and security” required by customers  noted Viasat in its statement announcing the transaction closure. The combined entity will retain Mark Dankberg as chairman and CEO  and Guru Gowrappan as president  and its new global international business headquarters will be in London. Corporate headquarters will still be in Carlsbad  California. “We intend to move quickly to bring the best from each company together in a way that creates much deeper value for our stakeholders and ensures we deliver on our synergy commitments ” commented Gowrappan. With the move  the companies bring together spectrum  satellite and terrestrial assets  including 19 satellites in space across different bands. According to the UK’s minister of state at the Department for Science  Innovation and Technology  George Freeman  the UK space sector is “now poised for an exciting next phase ” as the combined entity creates “a global leader in satellite communications here in the UK” bringing in “significant investment” and hundreds of new jobs  while being a “catalyst for substantial economic growth.”China Telecom has reportedly invested ¥3bn (US$422m) into the establishment of a quantum-focused technology group. According to Reuters  the Chinese operator will form the so-called China Telecom Quantum Information Technology Group to develop quantum technology  accelerate quantum product updates and promote the sector across China. The news agency cited a statement by China Telecom that claimed the move was “a practical action” to “implement the spirit” of instructions given by Xi Jinping  general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party  related to quantum technology developments. According to the report  another Chinese telco has already made strides towards the quantum era  as China Mobile partnered with Chinese start-up Origin Quantum in December 2022.Orange Romania is cutting 551 jobs  about 20% of its staff  according to a local report from Profit.ro that cites a letter from the trade unions sent to staff. The majority of the redundancies will hit the access network technical team  which will suffer 345 job cuts  and the enterprise services team  which will lose 192 positions. At the same time  the operator is creating 125 new roles  100 of which are in the enterprise services team  and any of the staff affected by the cuts can apply for the new roles  according to the letter. The main reasons for the headcount reduction is the ongoing loss of customers and shrinking revenues  it noted. The news comes only days after Orange announced that its CEOs in Poland and Romania would be swapping roles.Still with headcount reductions… UK pay-TV and broadband service provider Sky  which is part of the Comcast empire and employs some 32 000 staff  is set to cut hundreds of jobs as its operating model shifts away from the installation of satellite dish technology to the delivery of TV and video streams over broadband connections  Advanced Television has reported  citing the Financial Times.Vantage Towers has boosted its sustainability credentials with the installation of “the first wooden-structured telecommunication mast” in Germany. The so-called Ecopol tower has been built as part of a joint pilot project with Finnish start-up Ecotelligent  which will include the establishment of a second wooden mast in the country in the third quarter of 2023. The tower company claimed this move marks “the beginning of a more sustainable mobile communications industry and digitalisation” as the towers are built from recyclable wood and have a “significantly lower” carbon footprint than masts made of steel or concrete. Vantage Towers has also begun pilots to produce renewable energy directly at its tower sites with wind turbines and solar panels  and plans to replace diesel generators with hydrogen engines. Find out more.Veon  the international operator that runs networks in Asia and Eastern Europe (including Ukraine)  is in the final stages of selling its business in Russia. The initial agreement to sell Beeline (also known in Russia as VimpelCom) for about US$2.1bn was first announced in November 2022  and key regulatory approvals were granted in February this year. Now the operator says it “has submitted all necessary documentation to Euroclear  Clearstream and registrars for cancellation of Veon’s Eurobonds held by its subsidiary  PJSC VimpelCom. With this  the company enters the final stages in the closing of the sale of Veon’s Russia operations.”- The staff  TelecomTV,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,mixed,0.17,0.15,0.67,True,English,"['China Telecom', 'Viasat', 'Orange', 'Sky', 'China Telecom Quantum Information Technology Group', 'new global international business headquarters', 'first wooden-structured telecommunication mast', 'access network technical team', 'sustainable mobile communications industry', 'Chinese start-up Origin Quantum', 'global satellite connectivity sector', 'US Federal Communications Commission', 'quantum-focused technology group', 'Finnish start-up Ecotelligent', 'second wooden mast', 'enterprise services team', 'quantum product updates', 'R&D funds', 'exciting next phase', 'substantial economic growth', 'quantum technology developments', 'joint pilot project', 'lower” carbon footprint', 'key regulatory approvals', 'Chinese Communist Party', 'industry news roundup', 'broadband service provider', 'satellite dish technology', 'UK satellite operator', 'UK space sector', 'satellite communications', 'global leader', 'Corporate headquarters', 'China Mobile', 'international operator', 'quantum era', 'European Commission', 'Chinese telco', 'Chinese operator', 'broadband connections', '125 new roles', 'US peer', 'new jobs', 'latest telco', '$7.3bn acquisition', 'finish line', 'Markets Authority', 'increasing speed', 'combined entity', 'Mark Dankberg', 'deeper value', 'synergy commitments', 'different bands', 'George Freeman', 'significant investment', 'news agency', 'practical action', 'Xi Jinping', 'general secretary', 'Profit.ro', 'trade unions', 'same time', 'main reasons', 'headcount reduction', 'ongoing loss', 'Comcast empire', 'operating model', 'video streams', 'Advanced Television', 'Financial Times', 'sustainability credentials', 'Ecopol tower', 'third quarter', 'recyclable wood', 'renewable energy', 'tower sites', 'wind turbines', 'solar panels', 'diesel generators', 'hydrogen engines', 'Eastern Europe', 'final stages', 'initial agreement', 'UK pay-TV', 'up company', 'Vantage Towers', 'tower company', 'Guru Gowrappan', 'terrestrial assets', 'local report', '345 job cuts', 'Orange Romania', '551 jobs', 'today', 'Viasat', 'Inmarsat', 'Sky', 'hundreds', 'staff', 'November', 'deal', 'blessings', 'Competition', 'CMA', 'FCC', 'month', 'scope', 'innovation', 'flexibility', 'reliability', 'coverage', 'security', 'customers', 'statement', 'transaction', 'chairman', 'CEO', 'president', 'London', 'Carlsbad', 'California', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'move', 'companies', 'spectrum', '19 satellites', 'Department', 'Science', 'catalyst', 'establishment', 'Reuters', 'spirit', 'instructions', 'strides', 'December', 'letter', 'majority', 'redundancies', '192 positions', 'revenues', 'Poland', 'installation', 'delivery', 'Germany', 'country', 'beginning', 'digitalisation', 'masts', 'steel', 'concrete', 'pilots', 'Veon', 'networks', 'Asia', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'Beeline', 'VimpelCom', 'February']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,telecomtv.com
25560,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-q-linea-ab-publ-1685657460,NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING IN Q-LINEA AB (PUBL),The shareholders in Q-linea AB (publ)  reg. no. 556729-0217 (the “Company”) are hereby convened to an extraordinary general meeting on Monday 3 July 2023  at 3 pm in Konferens Hubben room 3+4 with address Dag Hammarskjölds väg 38 ,The shareholders in Q-linea AB (publ)  reg. no. 556729-0217 (the “Company”) are hereby convened to an extraordinary general meeting on Monday 3 July 2023  at 3 pm in Konferens Hubben room 3+4 with address Dag Hammarskjölds väg 38  752 37 Uppsala  Sweden.Right to attend the general meetingShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting shall  in order to have the right to participate:be registered in your own name (not nominee-registered) in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record day for the meeting  that is Thursday 22 June 2023 notify his or her intention to attend the general meeting on Wednesday 28 June 2023 at the latest by email to q-linea@lindahl.se or by mail to Q-linea AB (publ)  c/o Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  Att: Elsa Malmqvist  Box 1203  751 42 Uppsala.Such notification shall include the shareholder’s name  personal identification number or company registration number (or similar)  address and telephone number  number of shares  details on advisors (no more than two)  if any  and where applicable  details of representatives or proxies.Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the general meeting  shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name (so-called voting rights registration) in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB so that the shareholder is entered in the share register as of the record date on Thursday 22 June 2023. The shareholders must therefore advise their bank/nominee well in advance of such date. Voting rights registration requested by shareholders at such a time that the registration has been made by the relevant nominee no later than Tuesday 27 June 2023 will be taken into account in the share register.ProxyShareholders represented by proxy must submit a dated proxy. If the proxy is executed by a legal person  a copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent must be attached. The proxy may not be valid for a period longer than five years from its issuance. The original proxy (together with any authorisation documents such as certificate of registration) should be submitted to the Company by post at the address mentioned above in due time prior to the general meeting. A blank proxy form is available at the Company’s website  www.qlinea.com.Proposed agendaOpening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Resolutions on a) approval of the board's proposal for a resolution to amend the articles of association and b) the subsequent approval by the general meeting of the board's resolution on 1 June 2023 regarding the new issue of common shares with preferential rights for existing shareholders Closing of the general meetingProposals to resolutionsItem 1 – Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes Mattias Prage to be elected chairman for the meeting.Item 6 – Resolutions on a) approval of the board's proposal for a resolution to amend the articles of association and b) the subsequent approval by the general meeting of the board's resolution on 1 June 2023 regarding the new issue of common shares with preferential rights for existing shareholders.a) The board's proposal for a resolution to amend the articles of associationThe board proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to amend the Company's articles of association amending the limits for the number of shares and the share capital as follows (other parts are proposed to remain unchanged).As of the date of this notice  there are a total of 29 537 947 shares in the Company and the share capital amounts to SEK 1 476 897.35. Under item 6b on the agenda for the extraordinary general meeting  the board proposes that the general meeting approves the board's decision of 1 June 2023 on the new issue of common shares with preferential rights for existing shareholders. In order to enable the issue of shares  the limits of the articles of association regarding the number of shares and share capital must be changed.Current wording Proposed wording § 4 Share capital § 4 Share capital The share capital shall be a minimum of SEK 700 000 and a maximum of SEK 2 800 000. The share capital shall be a minimum of SEK 5 750 000 and a maximum of SEK 23 000 000. § 5 Number of shares § 5 Number of shares The number of shares shall be a minimum of 14 000 000 and a maximum of 56 000 000. The number of shares shall be a minimum of 115 000 000 and a maximum of 460 000 000.The CEO  or the person the board appoints  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments that may be required in connection with registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.b) The subsequent approval by the general meeting of the board's resolution on 1 June 2023 regarding an issue of common shares with preferential rights for existing shareholdersThe board of directors has on 1 June 2023 resolved  subject to approval by the general meeting  to increase the Company’s share capital with not more than SEK 4 381 421.25 by an issue of not more than 87 628 425 new common shares on the terms and conditions set out below. The board proposes that the general meeting approve of the resolution.The right to subscribe for new common shares shall belong to those persons who on the record date for the new issue of shares are recorded as shareholders of the Company  where one (1) existing share shall entitle to three (3) new common shares (i.e. a subscription ration of 3:1). Should all new shares not be subscribed based on subscription rights  the board shall resolve on the allocation of new shares without subscription rights. Allocation will then be made in accordance with the following: firstly  allocation shall be made to those who have subscribed for new shares with subscription rights  regardless if the subscriber was a shareholder on the record date or not  and in case of oversubscription  pro rata in relation to the number of new shares subscribed for with subscription rights; secondly  allocation shall be made to those who have subscribed for new shares without subscription rights  and in the case of oversubscription  pro rata to the number of new shares subscribed for in the respective application  and insofar allocation cannot be done pro rata  allocation will be done by lottery; and thirdly and lastly  allocation shall be made to those who have entered into guarantee undertakings in accordance with the terms of the guarantee undertakings. The record date for participation in the new issue shall be 5 July 2023. Subscription of new shares based on subscription rights shall be made by simultaneous cash payment during the period from and including 7 July 2023 to and including 21 July 2023. Subscription of new shares without subscription rights shall be made during the same period on a separate subscription list. Payment for new shares that are subscribed without subscription rights shall be made by cash payment according to instruction on contract note  however not later than three (3) banking days from receipt of the contract note. The board shall have the right to extend the subscription and payment period. Subscription  as concerns possible subscription by guarantors  shall be made on a certain subscription list no later than three (3) banking days after the period stated in article 4 above. Payment for such shares that are subscribed for and allotted shall be made in cash no later than three (3) banking days after the contract note has been sent  on which the allotted shares are disclosed. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription and payment period. The new shares are issued at a subscription price of SEK 3 per share. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value of the shares shall be added to the free premium fund. The new shares shall entail the right to dividend for the first time on the dividend record date that occurs closest after the new issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the shares have been entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The resolution on the share issue requires an amendment of the articles of association. The CEO  or the person the board appoints  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments that may be required in connection with registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Majority requirementsThe general meeting’s approval of the board's resolution to issue new shares requires that the articles of association are changed in accordance with item a). The resolution of the general meeting in accordance with item 6 a) and b) above shall therefore be adopted as one resolution. Such a resolution is valid only if it has been supported by shareholders representing not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the general meeting.Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice  there are a total of 29 537 947 shares in the Company  all common shares. The total number of votes are 29 537 947. Further  the Company holds 328 472 common shares in itself  corresponding to a total of 328 472 votes. The Company may not vote for its own shares.Shareholders' right to information at the general meetingThe board of directors and the CEO shall  upon request by any shareholder  and where the board of directors believes that such may take place without significant harm to the Company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda. Anyone who wants to send in questions in advance can send them to Q-linea AB (publ)  att: Christer Samuelsson  c/o Uppsala Science Park  751 83 Uppsala  Sweden.DocumentationThe board’s proposals for decisions as well as other documents according to the Swedish Companies Act chapter 13 will be held available at the Company’s office (Dag Hammarskjölds väg 52 B in Uppsala) and on the Company’s website (www.qlinea.com). The documents will also be sent  without charge  to shareholders who so request and inform the Company of their postal address.In connection with the general meeting  the Company will process personal data in accordance with its privacy notice  available on the Company’s website  www.qlinea.com.__________________Uppsala in June 2023Q-linea AB (publ)The board of directors,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.88,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'Q-LINEA AB', 'NOTICE', 'PUBL', 'Dag Hammarskjölds väg', 'Swedish Companies Registration Office', 'Advokatfirman Lindahl KB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identification number', 'blank proxy form', 'voting rights registration', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'company registration number', 'voting list', 'Q-linea AB', 'lindahl.se', 'preferential rights', 'Konferens Hubben', 'share register', 'record day', 'Elsa Malmqvist', 'Such notification', 'five years', 'authorisation documents', 'two persons', 'minutes Determination', 'nomination committee', 'Mattias Prage', 'share capital', 'minor adjustments', 'new issue', 'telephone number', 'relevant nominee', 'legal person', 'due time', 'Current wording', 'original proxy', 'subsequent approval', 'Wednesday 28 June', 'Tuesday 27 June', 'record date', 'existing shareholders', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'common shares', 'Thursday 22 June', '1 June', '29,537,947 shares', 'publ', 'Monday', '3 July', 'address', '752 37 Uppsala', 'order', 'name', 'intention', 'email', 'Box', 'details', 'advisors', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'bank/nominee', 'advance', 'account', 'dated', 'copy', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'period', 'issuance', 'post', 'website', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'Resolutions', 'board', 'proposal', 'articles', 'association', 'Closing', 'Item', 'limits', 'other', 'parts', 'notice', 'total', 'SEK', 'decision', 'minimum', 'maximum', 'CEO', 'connection']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,privataaffarer.se
25561,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-peru-announces-stand-alone-tender-for-existing-bonds-and-issuance-of-new-bonds-301838672.html,Republic of Peru Announces Stand-Alone Tender for Existing Bonds and Issuance of New Bonds,"LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to purchase for cash (the ""USD Tender Offers"") its outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025  2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominat…","LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to purchase for cash (the ""USD Tender Offers"") its outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025  2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2026  4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2027  2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2030  and 2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2031 (the ""Old Bonds"") in an aggregate amount based on a maximum aggregate purchase price that will be determined by Peru in its sole discretion (the ""Maximum Purchase Amount"") on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the offer to purchase (the ""USD Tender Offer Document""). The USD Tender Offers will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the USD Tender Offer Document  including the pricing and closing of the a new notes offering  in a principal amount and on terms and conditions acceptable to Peru.Peru also commenced a separate offer to (i) exchange Peru's outstanding 5.200% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2023  5.200% GDNs due 2023  5.700% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2024  5.700% GDNs due 2024  8.200% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2026  8.200% GDNs due 2026  6.350% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos due 2028 and 6.350% GDNs due 2028 (the ""Existing Bonos Soberanos"") for a new series of Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos due 2033 or (ii) purchase for cash the Existing Bonos Soberanos on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the exchange and tender offering memorandum dated May 31  2023 (the ""Offering Memorandum""). To request offering materials relating to such offer  please contact Global Bondholder Services Corporation (the ""Information Agent"")  whose information is listed below.The price payable per U.S.$1 000 principal amount for each series of Old Bonds that are tendered by holders and accepted pursuant to the USD Tender Offers (the ""Purchase Price"") during the tender period is provided in the table below.Old Bonds OutstandingAggregate PrincipalAmount of Old Bondsas of May 31  2023 (1) PurchasePrice(2) 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025 U.S.$ 1 541 616 000 U.S.$1 055.00 2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2026 U.S.$ 1 000 000 000 U.S.$943.75 4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2027 U.S.$ 1 013 140 000 U.S.$985.00 2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2030 U.S.$ 750 000 000 U.S.$877.75 2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2031 U.S.$ 3 750 000 000 U.S.$856.50(1) These amounts may include Old Bonds held by institutions and companies controlled by the Peruvian Government that have not been cancelled. (2) Per U.S.$1 000 principal amount of Old Bonds validly tendered and accepted for purchase.Holders whose Old Bonds are validly tendered and accepted for purchase pursuant to the USD Tender Offers will also receive an amount in cash equal to any accrued and unpaid interest (""Accrued Interest"") on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Settlement Date (as defined below).THE USD TENDER OFFERS WILL COMMENCE AT OR AROUND 8:00 A.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON MAY 31  2023. UNLESS EXTENDED OR EARLIER TERMINATED. THE USD TENDER OFFERS EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON JUNE 6  2023 (THE ""EXPIRATION DEADLINE"").The USD Tender Offers are not conditioned upon any minimum participation of any series of Old Bonds. Peru reserves the right  in its sole discretion  to prorate one or more series of Old Bonds and may subject each series of Old Bonds to different proration factors  or not to accept any  some  or all USD Tender Offers  or to modify the Purchase Price for any  some  or all series of Old Bonds upon the terms and conditions described in the USD Tender Offer Document  or to terminate all or some of the USD Tender Offers for any reason. The Maximum Purchase Amount as of a given time shall be the amount determined by Peru in its sole discretion prior to the Settlement Date.Old Bonds tendered pursuant to the USD Tender Offers may only be withdrawn prior to the Expiration Deadline  but not thereafter.Payment for Old Bonds accepted for purchase shall be made on a date promptly following the Expiration Deadline (the ""Settlement Date"") by Peru depositing or causing the deposit of the Purchase Price and of Accrued Interest  in each case  for all accepted Old Bonds in immediately available funds with DTC which will act as agents for tendering Holders for the purpose of receiving the applicable Purchase Price  plus Accrued Interest  and transmitting such Purchase Price (and Accrued Interest) to such Holders.Holders whose Old Bonds are held through DTC must arrange for a direct participant in DTC to submit their tender offer to DTC through DTC's Automated Tender Offer Program (""ATOP"") and follow the procedure for book-entry transfer set forth in the USD Tender Offer Document. DTC has confirmed that the Offers of Old Bonds are eligible for ATOP. Accordingly  a DTC participant whose name appears on a security position listing as the holder of the relevant Old Bonds must electronically tender its Old Bonds causing DTC to transfer the Old Bonds in the participant's account to the Information Agent's ATOP account at DTC in accordance with DTC's ATOP procedures for such a transfer. DTC will then send an agent's message to the Information Agent.Holders whose Old Bonds are held through Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.  as operator of the Euroclear System (""Euroclear"") or Clearstream Banking  société anonyme  Luxembourg (""Clearstream"") must arrange for a direct participant in Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg  as the case may be  to deliver their tender offer  which includes ""blocking"" instructions (as defined in the USD Tender Offer Document)  to Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg in accordance with the procedures and deadlines specified by Euroclear or Clearstream  Luxembourg prior to the Expiration Deadline must provide instructions for the use of ATOP and observe their applicable deadlines. Holders must submit their tenders through DTC's ATOP system in accordance with the deadlines and procedures established by DTC  and an agent's message with respect to their tender must be received by the Information Agent prior to the Expiration Deadline.Holders whose Old Bonds are held through a custodian may not submit a tender directly and should contact that custodian to tender on their behalf.Peru is making the USD Tender Offers only in those jurisdictions where it is legal to do so. The USD Tender Offers are void in all jurisdictions where such Tender Offers are prohibited. If materials relating to the USD Tender Offers come into your possession  you are required by Peru to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the USD Tender Offers do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.FURTHER INFORMATIONFor copies of the USD Tender Offer Document  contact the Information Agent for the USD Tender Offers as follows:Global Bondholder Services Corporation65 Broadway – Suite 404New York  NY 10006United States of AmericaAttention: Corporate ActionsBanks and Brokers call: (212) 430-3774Toll free: (855) 654-2014Email: [email protected]https://www.gbsc-usa.com/PeruDISCLAIMERThe USD Tender Offer Document is not for release  publication or distribution to any person located or resident in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to distribute the USD Tender Offer Document. Persons into whose possession any materials comes are required by Peru  the Dealer Managers and the Information Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any of the securities described herein  nor shall there be any offer or sale of such securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful.The USD Tender Offers are made solely pursuant to the USD Tender Offer Document dated the date hereof.This announcement is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") of the Order  (iii) are persons falling within Article 43 of the Order  (iv) are outside the United Kingdom  or (v) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and is to be engaged in only with relevant persons.This announcement must be read in conjunction with the applicable USD Tender Offer Document relating to the New Bond Offering. This announcement and the USD Tender Offer Document contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to any USD Tender Offer. If any holder of Old Bonds is in any doubt as to the action it should take  it is recommended that such holder seek its own financial and legal advice  including as to any tax consequences  immediately from its stockbroker  bank manager  attorney  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. None of Peru  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent makes any recommendation as to whether holders of Old Bonds should tender Old Bonds or participate in the USD Tender Offers.This announcement contains forward-looking statements and information that is necessarily subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions. No assurance can be given that the transactions described herein will be consummated or as to the terms of any such transactions. Peru assumes no obligation to update or correct the information contained in this announcement.SOURCE The Republic of Peru",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Stand-Alone Tender', 'New Bonds', 'Republic', 'Peru', 'Issuance', 'outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', 'Global Bondholder Services Corporation', 'U.S.$1,000 principal amount', 'Automated Tender Offer Program', 'NEW YORK CITY TIME', 'USD Tender Offer Document', 'outstanding 5.200% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos', 'The USD Tender Offers', 'maximum aggregate purchase price', 'Old Bonds Outstanding', 'Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds', 'different proration factors', '5.700% Sol-Denominated Bonos Soberanos', 'Existing Bonos Soberanos', 'new notes offering', 'tender offering memorandum', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'applicable Purchase Price', 'tender period', 'aggregate amount', 'The Republic', 'separate offer', 'new series', 'sole discretion', 'Peruvian Government', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'EXPIRATION DEADLINE', 'minimum participation', 'direct participant', 'book-entry transfer', 'security position', 'Settlement Date', 'Information Agent', 'DTC participant', 'LIMA', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'cash', 'terms', 'conditions', 'pricing', 'closing', '5.200% GDNs', '5.700% GDNs', '8.200% GDNs', '6.350% GDNs', 'exchange', 'May', 'materials', 'holders', 'table', 'amounts', 'institutions', 'companies', 'AROUND', 'EARLIER', '5:00 P', 'JUNE', 'right', 'one', 'reason', 'Payment', 'deposit', 'case', 'funds', 'agents', 'purpose', 'ATOP', 'procedure', 'name']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25562,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-peru-announces-exchange-and-tender-for-existing-bonds-and-issuance-of-new-bonds-301838671.html,Republic of Peru Announces Exchange and Tender for Existing Bonds and Issuance of New Bonds,"LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to (i) exchange certain of Peru's outstanding sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos (the ""Existing Bonos Soberanos"")  including bonos soberanos in t…","LIMA  Peru  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Republic of Peru (""Peru"") announced today the commencement of offers to (i) exchange certain of Peru's outstanding sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos (the ""Existing Bonos Soberanos"")  including bonos soberanos in the form of Global Depositary Notes (each a ""GDN"") previously issued by Citibank  N.A.  as depositary (the ""Existing GDNs"" together with the Existing Bonos Soberanos  the ""Existing Bonds"") for a new series of Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds or bonos soberanos due 2033 (the ""New Bonos Soberanos"") (including new GDNs (the ""New GDNs"" together with the New Bonos Soberanos  the ""New Bonds"")) (collectively  the ""Exchange Offers"" and each an ""Exchange Offer"") and/or (ii) purchase for cash the Existing Bonds (collectively  the ""Cash Tender Offers""  and each a ""Cash Tender Offer""). The Exchange Offers and Cash Tender Offers are referred to collectively herein as the ""Offers"". The Offers are being conducted upon terms and subject to certain conditions set forth in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum dated May 31  2023.Peru commenced a separate offer to purchase (the ""USD Tender Offers"") certain of Peru's outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2025  2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2026  4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2027  2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2030  and 2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds due 2031  on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in a separate offer to purchase (the ""USD Bond Offer Document""). The USD Bond Offers will be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the USD Bond Offer Document. To request offering materials relating to the USD Bond Tender Offers  please contact the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent  whose information is listed below.In the Cash Tender Offers  the price (the ""Purchase Price"") payable per S/1 000 principal amount for each series of Existing Bonds  that are tendered by holders and accepted pursuant to the Offers is provided in the table below. In the Exchange Offers  the exchange consideration (the ""Exchange Consideration"") offered for each S/1 000 principal amount of Existing Bonds is the applicable principal amount of New Bonds to be announced by Peru as soon as reasonably practicable after the pricing of the New Bonds being concurrently offered for cash  via a press release to the news media. The coupon for the New Bonds will be announced at the same time. In the Exchange Offers  Existing Bonds in the form of bonos soberanos may only be exchanged for New Bonds in the form of bonos soberanos  and Existing Bonds in the form of GDNs may only be exchanged for New Bonds in the form of GDNs.Existing Bonds Outstanding AggregatePrincipal Amount as ofMay 31  2023 (1) PurchasePrice(2)(4) ExchangeConsideration(2)(4) 5.200% Bonos Soberanos due 2023 S/ 1 309 373 000 S/1 000.00 To be announced. 5.200% GDNs due 2023(3) — S/999.00 To be announced. 5.700% Bonos Soberanos due 2024 S/6 740 798 000 S/998.75 To be announced. 5.700% GDNs due 2024(3) — S/997.75 To be announced. 8.200% Bonos Soberanos due 2026 S/12 516 553 000 S/1 061.25 To be announced. 8.200% GDNs due 2026(3) — S/1 060.25 To be announced. 6.350% Bonos Soberanos due 2028 S/16 625 287 000 S/992.50 To be announced. 6.350% GDNs due 2028(3) — S/991.50 To be announced.(1) These amounts may include Existing Bonds held by institutions and companies controlled by the Peruvian Government that have not been cancelled. (2) Purchase Price or Exchange Consideration per S/1 000 principal amount of the Existing Bonos Soberanos validly tendered and accepted for purchase or exchange  as applicable. (3) Issued by Citibank  N.A.  as the depositary. (4) Each GDN represents one Bono Soberano of S/1 000 in principal amount. The Purchase Prices of Existing GDNs reflect fees associated with the cancellation of the Existing GDNs payable to Citibank  N.A.  as the depositary. The Exchange Consideration for the Existing GDNs will not reflect such fees.Pursuant to the Cash Tender Offers  Existing Bonds in the form of bonos soberanos that are accepted for purchase will be paid for in Soles  and Existing Bonds in the form of GDNs that are accepted for purchase will be paid for in U.S. dollars. Holders whose Existing Bonds are validly exchanged or tendered and accepted for exchange or purchase pursuant to the Offers will also receive an amount in cash equal to any accrued and unpaid interest on their Existing Bonds  up to (but excluding) the Settlement Date.The Purchase Price  Accrued Interest (as defined in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum) and Cash Rounding Amount (as defined in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum)  as applicable  of the Existing Bonds tendered and accepted in the form of GDNs will be calculated by converting the applicable Soles amounts to U.S. dollars  at the average rate between the bid price (compra) and the offer price (venta) of the exchange rate published by the Superintendencia de Banca  Seguros y AFP on its website (http://www.sbs.gob.pe) at the close of business on the business day prior to the Expiration Deadline  as adjusted for three decimals.THE OFFERS WILL COMMENCE AT APPROXIMATELY 8:00 A.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON MAY 31  2023. UNLESS EXTENDED OR EARLIER TERMINATED. THE OFFERS EXPIRE AT 5:00 P.M.  NEW YORK CITY TIME  ON JUNE 6  2023.Each offer to exchange and each tender for purchase any series of Existing Bonds is made as a separate  independent offer. The Offers are not conditioned upon any minimum participation of any series of Existing Bonds. Peru reserves the right  in its sole and absolute discretion  not to accept any and all Existing Bonds tendered in any Exchange Offer or Cash Tender Offer in respect of one or more series of Existing Bonds  and any Offer may be subject to proration at the sole discretion of Peru. In addition  Peru reserves the right  in its sole and absolute discretion to modify in any manner  any of the terms and conditions of the Offers. Peru will determine a Maximum Exchange Amount and a Maximum Purchase Amount for the Exchange Offers and Cash Tender Offers  respectively  as part of this process.Tenders and exchanges of Existing GDNs must be submitted through a direct participant in the Depository Trust Company (""DTC"")  Euroclear or Clearstream Banking Société Anonyme (""Clearstream"") systems  as applicable. Tenders of Existing Bonos Soberanos are to be made by holders to the Ministerio de Economia y Finanzas (""MEF"") account under reference code 426 at CAVALI S.A. ICLV (""CAVALI"")  all in accordance with the procedures specified in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum.Existing GDNs tendered pursuant to the Offers may only be withdrawn prior to the Withdrawal Deadline in accordance with the procedures specified in the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum.If any holder wishes to tender or exchange its Existing GDNs pursuant to the Offers  the direct participant through which such holder holds its Existing GDNs must submit  prior to the Expiration Deadline to tender or exchange Existing GDNs  by properly instructing DTC through the DTC Automated Tender Offer Program (""ATOP""). Tenders or exchanges of Existing GDNs must be submitted through a direct participant in DTC.Tenders and exchanges of Existing Bonos Soberanos must be made by holders to the MEF account at CAVALI  under reference code 426 and the MEF and Santander Peru must be notified of such tender or exchange. Tendering and exchanging holders are responsible for arranging the delivery of their notes through CAVALI's WARI platform.Peru is making the Offers only in those jurisdictions where it is legal to do so. The Offers are void in all jurisdictions where such Offers are prohibited. If materials relating to the Offers come into your possession  you are required by Peru to inform yourself of and to observe all of these restrictions.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or any state securities laws. Accordingly  the Offers will only be directed  and copies of the offering documents will only be made available  to a holder of the Existing Bonds who has certified its status as (1) a ""qualified institutional buyer"" in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act or (2) outside of the United States of America non-U.S persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act.Only holders who have properly completed and submitted the Eligibility Certification are authorized to receive and review the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum. Holders may obtain the Eligibility Certification by contacting the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent per its contact details below.The materials relating to the Offers do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law.FURTHER INFORMATIONThe Tender  Exchange and Information Agent for the Offers is:Global Bondholder Services Corporation65 Broadway – Suite 404New York  NY 10006United States of AmericaAttention: Corporate ActionsBanks and Brokers call: (212) 430-3774Toll free: (855) 654-2014Email: [email protected]https://gbsc-usa.com/eligibility/peruThe Peruvian Market Maker for the Offers is:Banco Santander Perú S.A.Av. Rivera Navarrete 475 Piso 14 San Isidro  Lima  PerúEmail: [email protected]The Issuer for the Offers is:Ministerio de Economía y Finanzas del PerúJr. Junín No. 319Lima  PerúEmail: [email protected]DISCLAIMERThe Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum is not for release  publication or distribution to any person located or resident in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to distribute the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum. Persons into whose possession any Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum comes are required by Peru  the Dealer Managers and the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions.This announcement is neither an offer to purchase nor the solicitation of an offer to sell any of the securities described herein  nor shall there be any offer or sale of such securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful.The Offers are made solely pursuant to the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum dated the date hereof.This announcement is for distribution only to persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations etc."") of the Order  (iii) are persons falling within Article 43 of the Order  (iv) are outside the United Kingdom  or (v) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to relevant persons and is to be engaged in only with relevant persons.This announcement must be read in conjunction with the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum. This announcement and the Exchange and Tender Offering Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to any Offer. If any holder of Existing Bonos Soberanos is in any doubt as to the action it should take  it is recommended that such holder seek its own financial and legal advice  including as to any tax consequences  immediately from its stockbroker  bank manager  attorney  accountant or other independent financial or legal adviser. None of Peru  the Dealer Managers or the Tender  Exchange and Information Agent makes any recommendation as to whether holders of Existing Bonds should tender Existing Bonds or participate in the Offers.This announcement contains forward-looking statements and information that is necessarily subject to risks  uncertainties and assumptions. No assurance can be given that the transactions described herein will be consummated or as to the terms of any such transactions. Peru assumes no obligation to update or correct the information contained in this announcement.SOURCE The Republic of Peru",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds', 'Republic', 'Peru', 'Exchange', 'Tender', 'Issuance', 'outstanding 7.350% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.392% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '4.125% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.844% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', '2.783% U.S. Dollar-Denominated Global Bonds', 'USD Bond Offer Document', 'USD Bond Tender Offers', 'The USD Bond Offers', 'U.S. dollars', 'Global Depositary Notes', 'outstanding sovereign bonds', 'Bonds Outstanding Aggregate', 'USD Tender Offers', 'one Bono Soberano', 'Tender Offering Memorandum', 'Sol-Denominated sovereign bonds', 'S/1,000 principal amount', 'applicable principal amount', 'Cash Tender Offer', 'Cash Rounding Amount', 'applicable Soles amounts', 'Existing Bonos Soberanos', 'The Exchange Offers', 'New Bonos Soberanos', 'The Exchange Consideration', 'The Purchase Price', 'separate offer', 'offer price', 'The Republic', 'Existing Bonds', 'New Bonds', '700% Bonos Soberanos', '200% Bonos Soberanos', '350% Bonos Soberanos', 'N.A.', 'press release', 'news media', 'same time', 'Peruvian Government', 'unpaid interest', 'Settlement Date', 'Accrued Interest', 'average rate', 'bid price', 'Superintendencia de', 'exchange rate', 'new series', 'Purchase Prices', 'Existing GDNs', 'Information Agent', 'new GDNs', '5.200% GDNs', '5.700% GDNs', '8.200% GDNs', '6.350% GDNs', 'LIMA', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'Citibank', 'terms', 'conditions', 'materials', 'holders', 'table', 'pricing', 'coupon', 'institutions', 'companies', 'fees', 'cancellation', 'compra', 'venta', 'Banca', 'Seguros', 'AFP', 'website', 'sbs']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25563,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.telecomtv.com/content/access-evolution/what-s-up-with-viasat-china-telecom-orange-and-sky-47619/,What’s up with… Viasat  China Telecom  Orange and Sky,Viasat completes its $7.3bn acquisition of InmarsatChina Telecom pumps major funds into quantum computingOrange Romania and the UK’s Sky prepare for job cuts -…,In today’s industry news roundup: Viasat finally swallows Inmarsat; China Telecom is the latest telco to steer R&D funds towards quantum technology; Orange Romania and Sky in the UK are preparing to cut hundreds of staff each; and much more!It’s done and dusted! The $7.3bn acquisition of UK satellite operator Inmarsat by what was previously its US peer  Viasat  has now been completed. First unveiled in November 2021  the deal crossed the finish line today having obtained blessings from UK’s Competition and Markets Authority (CMA)  the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and the European Commission  all within the space of a month. Once integrated  the pumped-up company’s assets are set to “increase the pace and scope of innovation in the global satellite connectivity sector ” as well as address the “ever-increasing speed  flexibility  reliability  coverage and security” required by customers  noted Viasat in its statement announcing the transaction closure. The combined entity will retain Mark Dankberg as chairman and CEO  and Guru Gowrappan as president  and its new global international business headquarters will be in London. Corporate headquarters will still be in Carlsbad  California. “We intend to move quickly to bring the best from each company together in a way that creates much deeper value for our stakeholders and ensures we deliver on our synergy commitments ” commented Gowrappan. With the move  the companies bring together spectrum  satellite and terrestrial assets  including 19 satellites in space across different bands. According to the UK’s minister of state at the Department for Science  Innovation and Technology  George Freeman  the UK space sector is “now poised for an exciting next phase ” as the combined entity creates “a global leader in satellite communications here in the UK” bringing in “significant investment” and hundreds of new jobs  while being a “catalyst for substantial economic growth.”China Telecom has reportedly invested ¥3bn (US$422m) into the establishment of a quantum-focused technology group. According to Reuters  the Chinese operator will form the so-called China Telecom Quantum Information Technology Group to develop quantum technology  accelerate quantum product updates and promote the sector across China. The news agency cited a statement by China Telecom that claimed the move was “a practical action” to “implement the spirit” of instructions given by Xi Jinping  general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party  related to quantum technology developments. According to the report  another Chinese telco has already made strides towards the quantum era  as China Mobile partnered with Chinese start-up Origin Quantum in December 2022.Orange Romania is cutting 551 jobs  about 20% of its staff  according to a local report from Profit.ro that cites a letter from the trade unions sent to staff. The majority of the redundancies will hit the access network technical team  which will suffer 345 job cuts  and the enterprise services team  which will lose 192 positions. At the same time  the operator is creating 125 new roles  100 of which are in the enterprise services team  and any of the staff affected by the cuts can apply for the new roles  according to the letter. The main reasons for the headcount reduction is the ongoing loss of customers and shrinking revenues  it noted. The news comes only days after Orange announced that its CEOs in Poland and Romania would be swapping roles.Still with headcount reductions… UK pay-TV and broadband service provider Sky  which is part of the Comcast empire and employs some 32 000 staff  is set to cut hundreds of jobs as its operating model shifts away from the installation of satellite dish technology to the delivery of TV and video streams over broadband connections  Advanced Television has reported  citing the Financial Times.Vantage Towers has boosted its sustainability credentials with the installation of “the first wooden-structured telecommunication mast” in Germany. The so-called Ecopol tower has been built as part of a joint pilot project with Finnish start-up Ecotelligent  which will include the establishment of a second wooden mast in the country in the third quarter of 2023. The tower company claimed this move marks “the beginning of a more sustainable mobile communications industry and digitalisation” as the towers are built from recyclable wood and have a “significantly lower” carbon footprint than masts made of steel or concrete. Vantage Towers has also begun pilots to produce renewable energy directly at its tower sites with wind turbines and solar panels  and plans to replace diesel generators with hydrogen engines. Find out more.Veon  the international operator that runs networks in Asia and Eastern Europe (including Ukraine)  is in the final stages of selling its business in Russia. The initial agreement to sell Beeline (also known in Russia as VimpelCom) for about US$2.1bn was first announced in November 2022  and key regulatory approvals were granted in February this year. Now the operator says it “has submitted all necessary documentation to Euroclear  Clearstream and registrars for cancellation of Veon’s Eurobonds held by its subsidiary  PJSC VimpelCom. With this  the company enters the final stages in the closing of the sale of Veon’s Russia operations.”- The staff  TelecomTV,neutral,0.08,0.89,0.03,mixed,0.17,0.15,0.67,True,English,"['China Telecom', 'Viasat', 'Orange', 'Sky', 'China Telecom Quantum Information Technology Group', 'new global international business headquarters', 'first wooden-structured telecommunication mast', 'access network technical team', 'sustainable mobile communications industry', 'Chinese start-up Origin Quantum', 'global satellite connectivity sector', 'US Federal Communications Commission', 'quantum-focused technology group', 'Finnish start-up Ecotelligent', 'second wooden mast', 'enterprise services team', 'quantum product updates', 'R&D funds', 'exciting next phase', 'substantial economic growth', 'quantum technology developments', 'joint pilot project', 'lower” carbon footprint', 'key regulatory approvals', 'Chinese Communist Party', 'industry news roundup', 'broadband service provider', 'satellite dish technology', 'UK satellite operator', 'UK space sector', 'satellite communications', 'global leader', 'Corporate headquarters', 'China Mobile', 'international operator', 'quantum era', 'European Commission', 'Chinese telco', 'Chinese operator', 'broadband connections', '125 new roles', 'US peer', 'new jobs', 'latest telco', '$7.3bn acquisition', 'finish line', 'Markets Authority', 'increasing speed', 'combined entity', 'Mark Dankberg', 'deeper value', 'synergy commitments', 'different bands', 'George Freeman', 'significant investment', 'news agency', 'practical action', 'Xi Jinping', 'general secretary', 'Profit.ro', 'trade unions', 'same time', 'main reasons', 'headcount reduction', 'ongoing loss', 'Comcast empire', 'operating model', 'video streams', 'Advanced Television', 'Financial Times', 'sustainability credentials', 'Ecopol tower', 'third quarter', 'recyclable wood', 'renewable energy', 'tower sites', 'wind turbines', 'solar panels', 'diesel generators', 'hydrogen engines', 'Eastern Europe', 'final stages', 'initial agreement', 'UK pay-TV', 'up company', 'Vantage Towers', 'tower company', 'Guru Gowrappan', 'terrestrial assets', 'local report', '345 job cuts', 'Orange Romania', '551 jobs', 'today', 'Viasat', 'Inmarsat', 'Sky', 'hundreds', 'staff', 'November', 'deal', 'blessings', 'Competition', 'CMA', 'FCC', 'month', 'scope', 'innovation', 'flexibility', 'reliability', 'coverage', 'security', 'customers', 'statement', 'transaction', 'chairman', 'CEO', 'president', 'London', 'Carlsbad', 'California', 'way', 'stakeholders', 'move', 'companies', 'spectrum', '19 satellites', 'Department', 'Science', 'catalyst', 'establishment', 'Reuters', 'spirit', 'instructions', 'strides', 'December', 'letter', 'majority', 'redundancies', '192 positions', 'revenues', 'Poland', 'installation', 'delivery', 'Germany', 'country', 'beginning', 'digitalisation', 'masts', 'steel', 'concrete', 'pilots', 'Veon', 'networks', 'Asia', 'Ukraine', 'Russia', 'Beeline', 'VimpelCom', 'February']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,telecomtv.com
25564,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/cftc-greenlights-eurex-bitcoin-index-futures/,CFTC greenlights Eurex Bitcoin index futures,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex  has become the first European exchange to get US regulators’ approval to offer Bitcoin index futures.,Deutsche Börse’s derivatives-focused exchange  Eurex  has become the first European exchange to get US regulators’ approval to offer Bitcoin index futures.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Eurex Bitcoin index futures', 'CFTC greenlights', 'Deutsche Börse', 'US regulators’ approval', 'Bitcoin index futures', 'first European exchange', 'derivatives-focused exchange', 'Eurex']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,financefeeds.com
25565,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2678995/0/en/argenx-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences.html,argenx to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences,May 31  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in two upc…,May 31  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in two upcoming investor conferences in June:William Blair 43 rd Annual Growth Stock Conference . Presentation on Tuesday  June 6  2023 at 1:20 p.m. CT in Chicago  IL.Presentation on Tuesday  June 6  2023 at 1:20 p.m. CT in Chicago  IL. Jefferies Healthcare Conference. Fireside chat on Wednesday  June 7  2023 at 3:00 p.m. ET in New York  NY.Additional information regarding these events will be available on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  the EU and the UK. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comLynn Eltonlelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'argenx', '43 rd Annual Growth Stock Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'two upcoming investor conferences', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'William Blair', 'Fireside chat', 'New York', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'Lynn Elton', 'Additional information', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'June', 'Presentation', 'Tuesday', 'Chicago', 'IL.', 'Wednesday', 'events', 'IIP', 'Japan', 'UK', 'efgartigimod', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'bdelgiacco', '1:20', '3:00']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AEDIFICA-SA-35328/news/Aedifica-NV-SA-Publication-of-a-new-denominator-in-accordance-with-article-15-of-the-Act-of-2-May-2-43995035/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Aedifica NV/SA: Publication of a new denominator in accordance with article 15 of the Act of 2 May 2007,(marketscreener.com) Please find below a press release from Aedifica   regarding the publication of a new denominator in accordance with article 15 of the Act of 2 May 2007. Press release EN Communiqué de presse FR Persbericht NL https://www.marketscreener.co…,Please find below a press release from Aedifica (a public regulated real estate company under Belgian law  listed on Euronext Brussels and Euronext Amsterdam)  regarding the publication of a new denominator in accordance with article 15 of the Act of 2 May 2007.Press release ENCommuniqué de presse FRPersbericht NL,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Aedifica NV/SA', 'new denominator', 'Publication', 'accordance', 'article', 'Act', '2 May', 'public regulated real estate company', 'press release', 'Belgian law', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'new denominator', 'Communiqué de', 'presse FR', 'Aedifica', 'publication', 'accordance', 'article', 'Act', '2 May', 'Persbericht']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2678996/0/en/Valneva-Announces-the-Availability-of-Documentation-for-its-Shareholder-Meeting.html,Valneva Announces the Availability of Documentation for its Shareholder Meeting,Saint-Herblain (France)  May 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting to be held on June 21  2023 at 2 p.m. CEST  at the hotel In…,English FrenchSaint-Herblain (France)  May 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting to be held on June 21  2023 at 2 p.m. CEST  at the hotel InterContinental Lyon – Hotel Dieu  20 Quai Jules Courmont  69002 Lyon (France).The preliminary Notice of Meeting  containing the agenda  the draft resolutions and instructions for participation and voting  was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 15  2023.Documents and information relating to the Meeting are available on Valneva’s website (www.valneva.com) in the “Investors/General Meetings” section. Shareholders can also obtain the Combined General Meeting documents upon request to the Company by sending an email to the following address: assemblee.generale@valneva.com.The Company also recommends that shareholders regularly consult the Combined General Meeting section of its website  www.valneva.com.Contact Details  Legal DepartmentValneva SEService Assemblée Générale6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain (France)assemblee.generale@valneva.comMedia & Investor ContactsLaëtitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAbout Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development by focusing on vaccine solutions addressing unmet medical needs to ensure we can make a difference to peoples’ lives. We apply our deep understanding of vaccine science  including our expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  and our established vaccine development capabilities  to develop vaccines against diseases which are not yet vaccine-preventable  or for which there are limited effective treatment options. Today  we are leveraging our expertise and capabilities to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccines into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Shareholder Meeting', 'Valneva', 'Availability', 'Documentation', 'Valneva SE Service Assemblée Générale', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'Combined General Meeting documents', 'Combined General Meeting section', 'VP Global Communications', 'European Investor Relations', '20 Quai Jules Courmont', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'Laëtitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'unmet medical needs', 'effective treatment options', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'specialty vaccine company', 'vaccine development capabilities', 'Investor Contacts', 'vaccine solutions', 'vaccine science', 'The Company', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'preliminary Notice', 'draft resolutions', 'French Bulletin', 'Investors/General Meetings', 'following address', 'Contact Details', 'Legal Department', 'Ph.D.', 'targeted approach', 'peoples’ lives', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'chikungunya virus', 'Lyme disease', 'InterContinental Lyon', 'Hotel Dieu', 'Joshua Drumm', 'infectious diseases', 'prophylactic vaccines', '69002 Lyon', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'VLA', 'availability', 'documentation', 'June', 'CEST', 'agenda', 'instructions', 'participation', 'voting', 'BALO', 'information', 'website', 'Shareholders', 'request', 'email', 'Media', 'laetitia', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'difference', 'expertise', 'clinic', 'candidates', 'Attachment']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679001/0/en/Valneva-to-Present-and-Hold-Investor-Meetings-at-Upcoming-Conferences-in-June.html,Valneva to Present and Hold Investor Meetings at Upcoming Conferences in June,Saint-Herblain (France)  May 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its senior management will attend the Jefferies Healthcare Conference (June 7-9 in New York)  Goldman Sachs Annual Global…,"English FrenchSaint-Herblain (France)  May 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its senior management will attend the Jefferies Healthcare Conference (June 7-9 in New York)  Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference (June 12-15 in Dana Point  California) and the Stifel European Healthcare Conference (June 28-30 in Bordeaux  France).Valneva will present and meet with institutional investors to discuss the Company’s late-stage vaccine candidate against chikungunya (VLA1553)  which is currently under review by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with the potential to become the world’s first approved chikungunya vaccine later this year. A regulatory application has also been filed with Health Canada earlier this week1. Valneva will also discuss its Phase 3 Lyme disease vaccine candidate (VLA15) and its currently commercialized vaccine products during the conferences.Jefferies Healthcare Conference: Peter Buhler  Chief Financial Officer of Valneva will present on Wednesday  June 7  2023  at 1.30pm ET. The Presentation will be accessible live via the following link  https://wsw.com/webcast/jeff281/valn/1854710. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live events in the “Investor” section of the Valneva website at www.valneva.com. To request a 1on1 meeting  please contact your Jefferies representative.Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference: The Company will be available for 1on1 investor meetings. To request a meeting  please contact your Goldman Sachs representative.Stifel European Healthcare Conference: Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Executive Officer of Valneva  will participate in 1on1 and small group investor meetings  as well as a roundtable discussion on “Prevention and early detection – Post-COVID perspectives for diagnostics  vaccines & therapeutics ” alongside Emma Walmsley  CEO of GSK; Thierry Bernard  CEO of Qiagen and Chair of AdvaMedDx; Mark Miller  EVP and Chief Medical Officer of bioMerieux; and Dr Jean-Paul Stahl  Head of the Department of Infectious Diseases; University Hospital  Grenoble (France) and former President of the French Infectious Diseases Society.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development by focusing on vaccine solutions addressing unmet medical needs to ensure we can make a difference to peoples’ lives. We apply our deep understanding of vaccine science  including our expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  and our established vaccine development capabilities  to develop vaccines against diseases which are not yet vaccine-preventable  or for which there are limited effective treatment options. Today  we are leveraging our expertise and capabilities to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccines into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099communications@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to regulatory approval of VLA1553 and timing and plans for clinical programs and clinical trials. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Files for Chikungunya Vaccine Authorization with Health Canada - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Investor Meetings', 'Upcoming Conferences', 'Valneva', 'June', 'Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'Phase 3 Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'Stifel European Healthcare Conference', 'small group investor meetings', 'Goldman Sachs representative', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'French Infectious Diseases Society', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'late-stage vaccine candidate', 'European credit crisis', 'Global Investor Relations', 'European Investor Relations', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Dr Jean-Paul Stahl', 'unmet medical needs', 'effective treatment options', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'multiple vaccine modalities', '1on1 investor meetings', 'specialty vaccine company', 'vaccine development capabilities', 'Global Communications', 'Jefferies representative', 'English French', 'other factors', 'other things', 'Investor” section', 'vaccine products', 'vaccine solutions', 'vaccine science', 'clinical programs', 'clinical trials', 'chikungunya vaccine', 'regulatory application', 'regulatory approval', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Valneva Investor', 'Euronext Paris', 'senior management', 'New York', 'Dana Point', 'institutional investors', 'Drug Administration', 'Health Canada', 'Peter Buhler', 'following link', 'live events', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'roundtable discussion', 'early detection', 'Post-COVID perspectives', 'Emma Walmsley', 'Thierry Bernard', 'Mark Miller', 'University Hospital', 'former President', 'targeted approach', 'peoples’ lives', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'currency fluctuations', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'chikungunya virus', '1on1 meeting', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva website', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'California', 'June', 'Bordeaux', 'review', 'Food', 'FDA', 'potential', 'world', 'conferences', 'Wednesday', '1.30pm', 'Presentation', 'replay', 'webcast', 'Prevention', 'diagnostics', 'therapeutics', 'CEO', 'GSK', 'Qiagen', 'Chair', 'AdvaMedDx', 'EVP', 'bioMerieux', 'Head', 'Department', 'Grenoble', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'difference', 'expertise', 'candidates', 'business', 'respect', 'timing', 'plans', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'light', 'assurance']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/exclusive-historical-futures-options-data-now-available-from-barchart-301838090.html,Exclusive Historical Futures Options Data Now Available from Barchart,CHICAGO  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Barchart  a leading provider of market data and technology solutions  announces the expansion of its comprehensive market data inventory with historical futures options data (options on futures). This exclusive data is av…,"CHICAGO  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Barchart  a leading provider of market data and technology solutions  announces the expansion of its comprehensive market data inventory with historical futures options data (options on futures). This exclusive data is available through Barchart's Market Replay service and reinforces Barchart's commitment to delivering comprehensive and advanced market data solutions to empower traders  analysts  and financial institutions.Barchart's Market Replay service is a powerful solution for traders  analysts and businesses to access historical point-in-time market data. With the addition of historical futures options data covering end-of-day prices  Greeks and other essential metadata  users can now harness this exclusive data for in-depth analysis  risk evaluation  and informed decision-making across options on futures markets. Barchart's coverage extends back to the early 2000s for options on futures historical market data from CME Group  ICE  Euronext  Eurex and other futures exchanges.""Market Replay is an enterprise data service that equips firms with extensive historical data delivered on-demand and as a managed service "" said Barchart CEO Mark Haraburda. ""The addition of twenty plus years of historical options on futures across global futures markets is an exclusive data set that has not been widely available. Bringing this product to market supports additional opportunities for market analysis and research across trading  investing and risk management "" added Haraburda.Barchart's Historical Futures Options data can be delivered via API or flat file. To view our historical coverage for option data  please visit our data catalog . To learn more about Market Replay and accessing Historical Futures Options data  please visit our website .About BarchartBarchart is a leading provider of market data and services to the global financial  media  and commodity industries. Our diversified client base trusts Barchart's innovative Solutions across data  software  and technology to power their operation from front to back office  while our Media brands enable financial and commodity professionals to make decisions through web content  news  and publications. For more information  please visit www.barchart.com/solutions .SOURCE Barchart",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Exclusive Historical Futures Options Data', 'Barchart', 'comprehensive market data inventory', 'advanced market data solutions', 'futures historical market data', 'Barchart CEO Mark Haraburda', 'historical futures options data', 'extensive historical data', 'other essential metadata', 'other futures exchanges', 'diversified client base', 'time market data', 'global futures markets', 'enterprise data service', 'exclusive data set', 'Market Replay service', 'global financial, media', 'historical options', 'historical point', 'option data', 'data catalog', 'historical coverage', 'market analysis', 'Media brands', 'innovative Solutions', 'leading provider', 'financial institutions', 'powerful solution', 'day prices', 'depth analysis', 'risk evaluation', 'informed decision-making', 'early 2000s', 'CME Group', 'additional opportunities', 'risk management', 'flat file', 'commodity industries', 'back office', 'commodity professionals', 'web content', 'technology solutions', 'SOURCE Barchart', 'CHICAGO', 'PRNewswire', 'expansion', 'commitment', 'traders', 'analysts', 'businesses', 'end', 'Greeks', 'users', 'Euronext', 'Eurex', 'firms', 'demand', 'twenty', 'years', 'product', 'research', 'trading', 'investing', 'API', 'website', 'services', 'software', 'operation', 'front', 'decisions', 'publications', 'information']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679798/0/en/GENFIT-Further-Strengthens-its-ACLF-Franchise-with-a-Third-Clinical-Stage-Asset.html,GENFIT Further Strengthens its ACLF Franchise with a Third Clinical-Stage Asset,Lille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); May 31  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characte…,English FrenchE xclusive worldwide rights licensed from Seal Rock Therapeutics for injectable formulation of ASK1 Inhibitor SRT-015 in acute liver diseasePreclinical and clinical evidence support ASK1 inhibition as a relevant therapeutic strategy in multi- system disorder s such as A cute - on - C hronic L iver F ailure (ACLF)Fi r st-in- H uman study planned in the second half of 2024 to support a Proof-of-Concept study in ACLF patients as early as 2025No material impact on previously guided cash runway : company funding remains secured until the fourth quarter of 2024 1GENFIT’s ACLF franchise now comprises 3 assets (VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015) based on differentiated mechanisms of action leveraging complementary pathwaysLille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); May 31  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs  today announced it has licensed the exclusive worldwide rights of ASK1 Inhibitor SRT-015 (injectable formulation in acute liver disease2) from Seal Rock Therapeutics  a Seattle  Washington (USA) based clinical stage company developing first-in-class and best-in-class kinase inhibitors.ASK1 inhibition: a therapeutic strategy with multi-system benefitsASK1 inhibition has shown several potentially beneficial effects that may be relevant in ACLF  such as blocking LPS (lipopolysaccharide) associated hyperinflammatory response  reducing the ROS (Reactive Oxygen Species)-related immune response  reducing apoptosis  reducing release of the proinflammatory cytokines  reducing fibrosis  and protecting macrophage mitochondrial function.Multi-organ benefits have been observed in several animal models and clinical trials 3:In kidney diseases  ASK1 modulation limits renal inflammation  apoptosis and fibrosisIn liver diseases  ASK1 modulation prevents hepatocyte death  inflammation and fibrosisIn brain disorders  ASK1 modulation limits neurodegenerationIn inflammatory diseases  ASK1 modulation limits damaging immune responses  andIn cardiopulmonary disease  ASK1 modulation slows the onset of heart failure.Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT commented: “We are excited to be announcing this licensing deal which marks an additional milestone in the execution of our development strategy in liver diseases with high unmet medical needs. ACLF is a complex disorder that will likely require the combination of different approaches and with this acquisition  we continue to strengthen our leadership in this indication. We now have a unique portfolio of three differentiated clinical stage programs in ACLF. Considering its liver-centric activity  the potential for multi-organ benefits and the breadth of evidence supporting further development in ACLF  we strongly believe in the potential of SRT-015.”Under the agreement  Seal Rock Therapeutics is eligible for payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royalties.Other assets in GENFIT’s ACLF franchiseIn ACLF  whose market size has been estimated by IQVIA to reach almost $4 billion in the US and in the five main European countries by 2030  GENFIT is developing two other assets: VS-01 and NTZ.VS-01VS-01 is currently being evaluated in the international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase 2  open-label  randomized  controlled  multi-center  proof of concept study to assess its efficacy  safety  and tolerability in addition to standard of care (SOC)  compared to SOC alone  in adult patients with ACLF grades 1 and 2 and ascites.IND (Investigational New Drug) was in effect as of April 17  2023  and the first patient is expected to be screened and enrolled in the Phase 2 trial in the coming days. It is planned that approximately 60 adult patients with ACLF grades 1 and 2 will be enrolled in this trial. Patients will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive either daily intraperitoneal administration of VS-01 over 4 days on top of SOC (active treatment group) or SOC alone (control group).The primary objective of the study is to measure efficacy using the Chronic Liver Failure Consortium (CLIF-C) ACLF4 score at day 7.Data expected to be available in the first half of 2024 should support preparation of further testing of efficacy. Given the high unmet need in this indication and the Orphan Drug Designation obtained from the US Food and Drug Administration for VS-01  it is expected that the program qualifies for some of the expedited regulatory pathways provided by health authorities.NTZPreliminary data from two Phase 1 studies recently conducted in subjects with renal impairment and subjects with hepatic impairment supported a favorable safety and tolerability profile. Taken together  safety and pharmacokinetic results  as well as exploratory pharmacodynamic data  support further clinical development of NTZ in patients with ACLF  and a Phase 2a proof of concept study with NTZ in patients with ACLF grades 1 and 2 is currently under discussion with the FDA.ABOUT ACLFAcute-on-Chronic Liver Failure is a rare  life-threatening  but potentially reversible condition of varied etiology. ACLF is recognized clinically as a syndrome  globally defined by multi-organ dysfunction and failure in patients with chronic liver disease or liver cirrhosis and high short-term mortality within a period of 28 to 90 days.Patients with cirrhosis may initially be compensated. With progression  many patients will go on to have acute decompensation of cirrhosis characterized by the rapid development of complications such as ascites  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  gastrointestinal hemorrhage  or bacterial infection  which are very common causes of hospitalization. On admission  approximately 30% of these patients will develop liver and/or other organ failure(s) (i.e  brain  kidneys  cardiovascular and respiratory) and will be considered as having ACLF.5 6 7 8 9ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via seven programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorders (UCD)  organic acidemias (OA) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comABOUT SEAL ROCK THERAPEUTICSSeal Rock Therapeutics is a privately held  clinical stage company based in Seattle focused on developing first-in-class and best-in-class treatments for severe diseases with limited or no available therapies. Seal Rock is led by an experienced management team with a track record of successful drug discovery  development  and commercialization. The company’s clinical-stage lead product candidate  SRT-015  is a highly optimized  first-in-class ASK1 inhibitor. Seal Rock is also developing preclinical-stage brain-penetrant ASK1/LRRK2 dual kinase inhibitors for the treatment of neurodegenerative conditions such as Parkinson’s disease and ALS.GENFIT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  in relation to the potential  efficacy  safety  tolerability  regulatory milestones and development and data timelines for SRT-015  VS-01 and NTZ  and the overall market size and prevalence of ACLF. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “targeted”  “anticipated”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel : + 33 3 20 16 40 00 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie BOYER – Press relations | Tel : + 33 3 20 16 40 00 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Based on current assumptions  excluding exceptional events and in particular  potential milestone payments  which GENFIT would receive  should the ELATIVE® study be successful2 GENFIT acquired the rights of SRT-015 for use in liver disease in which injectable therapy is intended to be administered for a period of 21 consecutive days or less  including the management of ACLF during such a period3 ASK1 inhibition: a therapeutic strategy with multi-system benefits: Journal of Molecular Medicine (2020)4 The EASL-CLIF Consortium is a network of more than a hundred of European University Hospitals which carry out clinical investigations of the EASL-CLIF Chair aimed at performing large observational  pathophysiological and therapeutic studies to increase our understanding of Chronic Liver Failure and to improve the management of patients with cirrhosis.5 Arroyo V et al.  J Hepatol  2015  62(1 Suppl)  S131-S1436 Malik R et al.  J Hepatol  2009  51(3)  426-97 Olson JC et al.  Hepatology  2011  54(5)  1864-728 Jalan R et al.  J Hepatol  2012  57(6)  1336-489 Wlodzimirow KA et al.  Liver International  2013  33(1)  40-42Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.11,0.52,True,English,"['Third Clinical-Stage Asset', 'ACLF Franchise', 'GENFIT', 'C hronic L iver F ailure', 'Reactive Oxygen Species)-related immune response', 'open-label, randomized, controlled, multi-center, proof', 'three differentiated clinical stage programs', 'five main European countries', 'several potentially beneficial effects', 'high unmet medical needs', 'E xclusive worldwide rights', 'multi- system disorder s', 'Chronic Liver Failure Consortium', 'high unmet need', 'exclusive worldwide rights', 'several animal models', 'clinical stage company', 'Seal Rock Therapeutics', 'macrophage mitochondrial function', 'CLIF-C) ACLF4 score', 'international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase', 'two Phase 1 studies', 'Phase 2a proof', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Investigational New Drug', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'acute liver disease', 'daily intraperitoneal administration', 'active treatment group', 'expedited regulatory pathways', 'H uman study', 'class kinase inhibitors', 'exploratory pharmacodynamic data', 'relevant therapeutic strategy', 'severe liver diseases', 'commercial milestone payments', 'two other assets', 'ASK1 Inhibitor SRT', 'hyperinflammatory response', 'immune responses', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'Drug Administration', 'heart failure', 'complex disorder', 'clinical trials', 'company funding', 'cardiopulmonary disease', 'complementary pathways', 'additional milestone', 'control group', 'clinical development', 'clinical evidence', 'Phase 2 trial', 'ASK1 inhibition', 'ASK1 modulation', 'English French', 'injectable formulation', 'A cute', 'second half', 'Concept study', 'material impact', 'cash runway', 'fourth quarter', 'United States', 'multi-system benefits', 'proinflammatory cytokines', 'Multi-organ benefits', 'kidney diseases', 'hepatocyte death', 'brain disorders', 'Pascal Prigent', 'licensing deal', 'development strategy', 'different approaches', 'unique portfolio', 'liver-centric activity', 'tiered royalties', 'market size', 'first patient', 'primary objective', 'first half', 'health authorities', 'Preliminary data', 'renal impairment', 'hepatic impairment', 'pharmacokinetic results', 'renal inflammation', 'coming days', 'US Food', 'tolerability profile', 'ACLF franchise', 'ACLF grades', 'adult patients', 'favorable safety', 'ACLF patients', '3 assets', '4 days', 'Preclinical', 'GENFIT', 'VS', 'NTZ', 'action', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'rare', 'Seattle', 'Washington', 'USA', 'LPS', 'lipopolysaccharide', 'apoptosis', 'release', 'fibrosis', 'neurodegeneration', 'onset', 'CEO', 'execution', 'combination', 'acquisition', 'leadership', 'indication', 'breadth', 'agreement', 'IQVIA', 'efficacy', 'standard', 'care', 'SOC', 'ascites', 'April', '1:1 ratio', 'top', 'preparation', 'testing', 'subjects', '2024']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFINIMMO-5977/news/Cofinimmo-divests-the-Loi-Wet-57-office-building-43994897/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Cofinimmo : divests the Loi/Wet 57 office building,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Brussels  31.05.2023  07:30 a.m. CET   Cofinimmo divests the Loi/Wet 57 office building   On 30.05.2023  Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo   signed the notarial deed relating to t…,"PRESS RELEASEBrussels  31.05.2023  07:30 a.m. CETCofinimmo divests the Loi/Wet 57 office buildingOn 30.05.2023  Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cofinimmo (Euronext Brussels: COFB)  signed the notarial deed relating to the granting of a 99-year leasehold right on the office building located rue de la Loi/Wetstraat 57 in the Central Business District ('CBD') of Brussels. The proceeds amount to approximately 36 million EUR. This amount is in line with the latest fair value (as at 31.03.2023)  as determined by Cofinimmo Offices' independent real estate valuer  prior to the signature of the deed.The site  which dates from 2001  offers approximately 10 000 m² of office space.The cumulative amount of divestments already carried out since 01.01.2023 (approximately 100 million EUR) and those already signed and expected to be closed by the end of the financial year now amounts to approximately 160 million EUR.Jean-PierreHanin  CEO of Cofinimmo: ""With this transaction  we pursue our ESG strategy and the overall rebalancing of our portfolio and demonstrate our ability to perform asset arbitrages.""For more information: Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head of External Communication Head of Investor Relations Chief Operating Officer Tel.: +32 2 373 60 32 Tel.: +32 2 777 14 08 Offices & Real Estate Development petienne@cofinimmo.be lnachtergaele@cofinimmo.be Tel.: +32 2 373 00 00About Cofinimmo:Cofinimmo has been acquiring  developing and managing rental properties for almost 40 years. The company has a portfolio spread across Belgium  France  the Netherlands  Germany  Spain  Finland  Ireland  Italy and the United Kingdom with a value of approximately6.3 billion EUR. Responding to societal changes  Cofinimmo's mission is to provide high-quality care  living  and working spaces to partner-tenants for their occupants to enjoy. 'Caring  Living and Working - Together in Real Estate' is the expression of this mission.Thanks to its expertise  Cofinimmo has assembled a healthcare real estate portfolio of approximately 4.5 billion EUR in Europe.As an independent company applying the highest standards of corporate governance and sustainability  Cofinimmo offers tenant services and manages its portfolio through a team of approximately 160 employees in Brussels  Paris  Breda  Frankfurt and Madrid.Cofinimmo is listed on Euronext Brussels (BEL20) and benefits from the REIT status in Belgium (RREC)  France (SIIC) and the Netherlands (FBI). Its activities are supervised by the Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA)  the Belgian regulator.www.cofinimmo.comFollow us on:1",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Loi/Wet 57 office building', 'Cofinimmo', 'Philippe Etienne Lynn Nachtergaele Yeliz Bicici Head', ""Cofinimmo Offices' independent real estate valuer"", 'healthcare real estate portfolio', 'External Communication Head', 'Real Estate Development', '99-year leasehold right', 'Central Business District', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'high-quality care, living', 'latest fair value', 'Cofinimmo Offices SA/NV', 'Loi/Wet 57 office building', 'independent company', 'office space', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'owned subsidiary', 'financial year', 'ESG strategy', 'overall rebalancing', 'asset arbitrages', 'Investor Relations', 'rental properties', 'United Kingdom', 'societal changes', 'working spaces', 'highest standards', 'corporate governance', 'tenant services', 'REIT status', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Authority', 'Belgian regulator', 'notarial deed', 'cumulative amount', 'Euronext Brussels', '07:30 a', 'CET', 'COFB', 'granting', 'Wetstraat', 'CBD', 'proceeds', 'line', 'signature', 'site', '10,000 m²', 'divestments', 'Jean-PierreHanin', 'CEO', 'transaction', 'ability', 'information', '40 years', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Spain', 'Finland', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'mission', 'occupants', 'expression', 'expertise', '4.5 billion', 'Europe', 'team', '160 employees', 'Paris', 'Breda', 'Frankfurt', 'Madrid', 'benefits', 'RREC', 'SIIC', 'FBI', 'activities', 'FSMA', '30.', '01.01.']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXACT-THERAPEUTICS-AS-109761158/news/EXACT-Therapeutics-to-present-at-the-ABGSC-Life-Science-Summit-May-31-2023-44001686/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,EXACT Therapeutics : to present at the ABGSC Life Science Summit - May 31  2023,(marketscreener.com)     EXACT Therapeutics to present at the ABGSC Life Science Summit - May 31  2023    31 May  Written By John M. Edminson       Oslo  May 31  2023 -EXACT Therapeutics AS   a clinical stage...https://www.marketscreener.com/…,Oslo  May 31  2023 -EXACT Therapeutics AS (Euronext Growth Oslo: EXTX)  a clinical stage precision health company utilising Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®) across multiple therapeutic areas will participate at the ABGSC Life Science Summit today May 31  2023.EXACT CEO Per Walday will present the company and the unique technology behind ACT® at 14.00 CET.The presentation will be available after the meeting on EXACT Therapeutics website; www.exact-tx.com.About EXACT-TxEXACT-Tx is a clinical-stage Norwegian precision health company developing a technology platform for targeted therapeutic enhancement - Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®). ACT® follows a unique approach to ultrasound-mediated  targeted drug enhancement - with the potential to significantly amplify the clinical utility of a wide range of therapeutic agents across a multitude of indications including within oncology (chemotherapy  immunotherapy)  infectious diseases  and brain diseases.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ABGSC Life Science Summit', 'EXACT Therapeutics', 'May', 'clinical-stage Norwegian precision health company', 'clinical stage precision health company', 'ABGSC Life Science Summit', 'EXACT CEO Per Walday', 'ultrasound-mediated, targeted drug enhancement', 'targeted therapeutic enhancement', 'EXACT Therapeutics AS', 'EXACT Therapeutics website', 'Acoustic Cluster Therapy', 'multiple therapeutic areas', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'clinical utility', 'therapeutic agents', 'unique technology', 'technology platform', 'unique approach', 'wide range', 'infectious diseases', 'brain diseases', 'EXTX', 'ACT®', 'presentation', 'meeting', 'EXACT-Tx', 'potential', 'multitude', 'indications', 'oncology', 'chemotherapy', 'immunotherapy', '14.00']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETGEM-4779/news/Netgem-Report-of-the-joint-general-meeting-of-shareholders-of-May-25-2023-44005628/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Netgem :  Report of the joint general meeting of shareholders of May 25  2023,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  May 30  2023 The joint general meeting of shareholders of NETGEM was held on May 25  2023 at the head office under the chairmanship of Mr. Joseph Haddad  Chairman of the Board of Directors.Shareholder participation reached 54.…,"Paris  May 30  2023 The joint general meeting of shareholders of NETGEM was held on May 25  2023 at the head office under the chairmanship of Mr. Joseph Haddad  Chairman of the Board of Directors.Shareholder participation reached 54.697 % of the voting shares  representing 143 shareholders.The shareholders approved all the resolutions  except for resolution 18  following the recommendations of the Board of Directors. In particular  they decided to pay a dividend of €0.05 per share  detached on June 7  2023 and payable on June 9  2023.NETGEM warmly thanks its shareholders who participated in this meeting.Financial communication calendarH1 2022 results Friday  July 28  2023Trading update Thursday  October 19  2023Press releases are distributed before market opening.ContactsInvestor and Analyst RelationsBertrand Soleilbertrand.soleil@double-digit.com+33 (0)6.23.31.06.53 Press RelationsPatricia Ouakipatricia.ouaki@forcemedia.fr+33 (0)1.44.40.24.01About NetgemNetgem operates the netgem.tv platform of services around digital video entertainment  integrating all live  on-demand or subscription content available on the market  and accessible by all family members on mobile screens  PCs or TV.The netgem.tv product is distributed  through a network of fixed telecom operators in Europe  under the operator's brand (B2B2C model) to more than 600 000 subscriber households.Netgem is listed on Euronext Growth.(ISIN : FR0004154060  Reuters : ETGM.PA  Bloomberg: ALNTG FP)This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xXBvksmaYW3Hm5qcYciZZ2hkamZllmibbZPIyJdtZJ2XmXFkxm5lmZ2dZnFhl2Vv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80209-2023-05-26-pr-compte-rendu-ago-netgem-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['joint general meeting', 'Netgem', 'Report', 'shareholders', 'May', 'Mr. Joseph Haddad', 'Financial communication calendar', 'digital video entertainment', 'fixed telecom operators', 'original press release', 'joint general meeting', 'next press releases', 'netgem.tv platform', 'netgem.tv product', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Press Relations', 'other releases', 'head office', 'Shareholder participation', 'voting shares', 'H1 2022 results', 'Trading update', 'Analyst Relations', 'Bertrand Soleil', 'subscription content', 'family members', 'mobile screens', 'B2B2C model', '600,000 subscriber households', 'Euronext Growth', 'ALNTG FP', 'market opening', 'Patricia Ouaki', 'Regulated information', 'Paris', 'May', 'shareholders', 'chairmanship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'resolutions', 'recommendations', 'June', 'July', 'Contacts', 'Investor', 'forcemedia', 'fr', 'services', 'demand', 'PCs', 'network', 'Europe', 'brand', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'ETGM', 'Bloomberg', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-44004472/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 31 May 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -   In accordance with …,31 May 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to the option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 24 and 30 May 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 31 May 2018 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 773 250 (1.4%) on 30 May 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 53 708 999.- End of abstract -Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'full press release', ""D'Ieteren Group"", ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Stéphanie Voisin', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'Francis Deprez', 'Arnaud Laviolette', 'Investor Relations', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'May', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'End', 'Tel', 'mail', 'Website', 'dieterengroup', '24']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-to-Present-at-Upcoming-Investor-Conferences-43994710/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Argenx to Present at Upcoming Investor Conferences,(marketscreener.com) May 31  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx   a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in two upcomin…,May 31  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in two upcoming investor conferences in June:William Blair 43 rd Annual Growth Stock Conference . Presentation on Tuesday  June 6  2023 at 1:20 p.m. CT in Chicago  IL.Presentation on Tuesday  June 6  2023 at 1:20 p.m. CT in Chicago  IL. Jefferies Healthcare Conference. Fireside chat on Wednesday  June 7  2023 at 3:00 p.m. ET in New York  NY.Additional information regarding these events will be available on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  Japan  the EU and the UK. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comLynn Eltonlelton@argenx.com,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Argenx', '43 rd Annual Growth Stock Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'two upcoming investor conferences', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'William Blair', 'Fireside chat', 'New York', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'Lynn Elton', 'Additional information', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'June', 'Presentation', 'Tuesday', 'Chicago', 'IL.', 'Wednesday', 'events', 'IIP', 'Japan', 'UK', 'efgartigimod', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'bdelgiacco', '1:20', '3:00']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-S-A-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-of-Ipsen-S-A-held-on-31-May-2023-44004597/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Ipsen S.A. - Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Ipsen S.A. held on 31 May 2023,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION  COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF IPSEN S.A.HELD ON 31 MAY 2023 ALL THE RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ VOTE HAVE BEEN APPROVED Paris   31 May 2023 – The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of IPSEN S.A. was h…,REGULATED INFORMATIONCOMBINED SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF IPSEN S.A.HELD ON 31 MAY 2023ALL THE RESOLUTIONS SUBMITTED TO THE SHAREHOLDERS’ VOTE HAVE BEEN APPROVEDParis (France)  31 May 2023 – The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting of IPSEN S.A. (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY) was held today at the Salons de l'Hôtel des Arts et Métiers  9 bis  avenue d'Iéna  75116 Paris (France)  under the chairmanship of Mr. Marc de GARIDEL  Chairman of the Board of Directors and meeting Chairman  and in the presence of the members of the Board of Directors and the Group’s Executive Leadership Team.The Shareholders’ Meeting approved all of the 27 resolutions submitted by the Board of Directors and in particular the payment of a dividend of €1.20 per share. This dividend will be paid on 6 June 2023  the ex-date being 2 June 2023.The Meeting also approved the renewal of the appointment of KPMG S.A. as statutory auditor for a duration of six financial years and the renewal of the terms of office of Mr. Marc de GARIDEL  Mr. Henri BEAUFOUR and Mrs. Michèle OLLIER as directors  for a duration of four years.The articles of association of the Company have been amended to raise the age limit applicable to the office of Chairman of the Board of Directors to 75 years (article 16.1) and to adopt a wording allowing to dematerialize the keeping of the registers of the minutes of the Board of Directors (article 16.6).During the Meeting  Mr. Marc de Garidel  Chairman of the Board of Directors  commented on the information concerning the governance and the activity of Ipsen's Board of Directors and its committees during FY 2022. Mr. David LOEW  Chief Executive Officer  and Mr. Aymeric Le CHATELIER  Group Chief Financial Officer  focused notably on the Group strategy  the 2022 financial performance and the financial objectives for the year 2023.IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 (0) 6 52 19 98 92Media Amy WolfVice President and Head of Corporate BrandStrategy and Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior Manager Global Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Ipsen S.A.', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", '31 May', 'Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program', 'Investors Craig Marks Vice President', 'Mrs. Michèle OLLIER', 'Mr. Marc de GARIDEL', 'Mr. Aymeric Le CHATELIER', 'Ioana Piscociu Senior Manager', 'global, mid-sized biopharmaceutical company', 'Group Chief Financial Officer', 'The Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Mr. Henri BEAUFOUR', 'Mr. David LOEW', 'Hôtel des', 'Executive Leadership Team', 'differentiated technological platforms', 'Media Amy Wolf', 'Global Media Relations', 'KPMG S.A.', 'The Shareholders’ Meeting', 'six financial years', 'IPSEN S.A.', 'Iéna', 'SHAREHOLDERS’ VOTE', '2022 financial performance', 'financial objectives', 'U.S.', 'Investor Relations', 'Métiers', 'statutory auditor', 'four years', 'age limit', 'Group strategy', 'Rare Disease', 'total sales', 'development efforts', 'leading biotechnological', 'life-science hubs', 'U.K.', 'Nicolas Bogler', 'Corporate Brand', 'external-innovation strategy', 'transformative medicines', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '75 years', 'HELD', '31 MAY', 'RESOLUTIONS', 'Paris', 'France', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Salons', 'Arts', '9 bis', 'avenue', 'chairmanship', 'Board', 'Directors', 'presence', 'members', 'payment', '6 June', 'ex-date', '2 June', 'renewal', 'appointment', 'duration', 'terms', 'articles', 'association', 'wording', 'keeping', 'registers', 'minutes', 'governance', 'activity', 'committees', 'FY', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', '100 countries', 'research', 'innovative', 'heart', 'Oxford', 'Cambridge', 'Shanghai', 'China', '5,000 colleagues', 'Contacts', 'Head', 'Communications', 'Attachment']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-Announces-the-Availability-of-Documentation-for-its-Shareholder-Meeting-43994712/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Valneva Announces the Availability of Documentation for its Shareholder Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   May 31  2023 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting to be held on June 21  2023 at 2 p.m. CEST  at the hotel InterContinental Lyon – …,Saint-Herblain (France)  May 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced the availability of documentation for its Combined General Meeting to be held on June 21  2023 at 2 p.m. CEST  at the hotel InterContinental Lyon – Hotel Dieu  20 Quai Jules Courmont  69002 Lyon (France).The preliminary Notice of Meeting  containing the agenda  the draft resolutions and instructions for participation and voting  was published in the French Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 15  2023.Documents and information relating to the Meeting are available on Valneva’s website (www.valneva.com) in the “Investors/General Meetings” section. Shareholders can also obtain the Combined General Meeting documents upon request to the Company by sending an email to the following address: assemblee.generale@valneva.com.The Company also recommends that shareholders regularly consult the Combined General Meeting section of its website  www.valneva.com.Contact Details  Legal DepartmentValneva SEService Assemblée Générale6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain (France)assemblee.generale@valneva.comMedia & Investor ContactsLaëtitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAbout Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development by focusing on vaccine solutions addressing unmet medical needs to ensure we can make a difference to peoples’ lives. We apply our deep understanding of vaccine science  including our expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  and our established vaccine development capabilities  to develop vaccines against diseases which are not yet vaccine-preventable  or for which there are limited effective treatment options. Today  we are leveraging our expertise and capabilities to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccines into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Shareholder Meeting', 'Valneva', 'Availability', 'Documentation', 'Valneva SE Service Assemblée Générale', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'Combined General Meeting documents', 'Combined General Meeting section', 'VP Global Communications', 'European Investor Relations', '20 Quai Jules Courmont', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'Laëtitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'unmet medical needs', 'effective treatment options', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'specialty vaccine company', 'vaccine development capabilities', 'Investor Contacts', 'vaccine solutions', 'vaccine science', 'The Company', 'Euronext Paris', 'preliminary Notice', 'draft resolutions', 'French Bulletin', 'Investors/General Meetings', 'following address', 'Contact Details', 'Legal Department', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'targeted approach', 'peoples’ lives', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'chikungunya virus', 'Lyme disease', 'InterContinental Lyon', 'Hotel Dieu', 'infectious diseases', 'prophylactic vaccines', '69002 Lyon', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'VLA', 'availability', 'documentation', 'June', 'CEST', 'agenda', 'instructions', 'participation', 'voting', 'BALO', 'information', 'website', 'Shareholders', 'request', 'email', 'Media', 'laetitia', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'difference', 'expertise', 'clinic', 'candidates', 'Attachment']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALGOWATT-S-P-A-3822461/news/Circular-digitisation-Efficacity-project-activities-for-bulky-waste-recycling-concluded-43995136/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Circular digitisation: Efficacity project activities for bulky waste recycling concluded,(marketscreener.com)    The initiative led to the development of software to catalogue bulky waste and facilitate its collection and reuse   AMIU Genova was the lead partner:a total value of around two million euro  financed with Por Fesr 2014-2020 fund…,The initiative led to the development of software to catalogue bulky waste and facilitate its collection and reuseAMIU Genova was the lead partner:a total value of around two million euro  financed with Por Fesr 2014-2020 fundsalgoWatt  a GreenTech Company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana  announces the conclusion of the technical activities of the EFFICACITY project (Intelligent and efficient optimisation of the process of reuse and collection of bulky waste in urban areas)  with a total value of about two million euro  financed within the POR FESR 2014-2020 - Axis 1 - Action 1.2.4 led by AMIU (Azienda Multiservizi e d'Igiene Urbana) Genoa  one of the main Italian operators in the environmental sector  in collaboration with algoWatt and a group of Ligurian SMEs (Camelot Biomedical Systems  Gter  Colouree  Flairbit and Circle).As part of the EFFICACITY project  algoWatt was responsible for the design and development of a system for the management and calculation of bulky waste collection routes  in collaboration with the University of Genoa (Department of Informatics  Bioengineering  Robotics and Systems Engineering - DIBRIS). The project activities  focused on the metropolitan area of Genoa  concerned the study and application of digital and complementary technologies to enable innovative processes and the achievement of bulky waste recycling and reuse targets  with a view to the circular economy. A key concept is the involvement and empowerment of citizens in order to make service delivery more efficient and sustainable and to bring out reuse opportunities for bulky waste as an alternative to dumping. This issue is of strategic importance for urban spaces and their liveability  and it has important repercussions on the territory by allowing the introduction of elements that steer towards a virtuous dynamic of reuse and recycling.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.26,0.45,True,English,"['Efficacity project activities', 'bulky waste recycling', 'Circular digitisation', 'Por Fesr 2014-2020 funds', 'bulky waste collection routes', 'Euronext Milan market', 'main Italian operators', 'Camelot Biomedical Systems', 'bulky waste recycling', 'Systems Engineering', 'lead partner', 'total value', 'two million', 'GreenTech Company', 'Borsa Italiana', 'technical activities', 'EFFICACITY project', 'efficient optimisation', 'urban areas', 'Azienda Multiservizi', 'Igiene Urbana', 'environmental sector', 'Ligurian SMEs', 'project activities', 'metropolitan area', 'complementary technologies', 'innovative processes', 'circular economy', 'key concept', 'service delivery', 'strategic importance', 'urban spaces', 'important repercussions', 'virtuous dynamic', 'AMIU Genova', 'reuse targets', 'reuse opportunities', 'initiative', 'development', 'software', 'algoWatt', 'conclusion', 'Intelligent', 'Axis', 'Action', 'Genoa', 'collaboration', 'group', 'Gter', 'Colouree', 'Flairbit', 'Circle', 'design', 'management', 'calculation', 'University', 'Department', 'Informatics', 'Bioengineering', 'Robotics', 'DIBRIS', 'study', 'application', 'digital', 'achievement', 'view', 'involvement', 'empowerment', 'citizens', 'order', 'alternative', 'dumping', 'issue', 'liveability', 'territory', 'introduction', 'elements']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679745/0/en/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Share-capital-reduction-and-reverse-share-split-of-Technicolor-Creative-Studios-shares.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Share capital reduction and reverse share split of Technicolor Creative Studios’ shares,PRESS RELEASE    Technicolor Creative StudiosShare capital reduction and reverse share split of Technicolor Creative Studios’ shares  Share capital......,English FrenchPRESS RELEASETechnicolor Creative StudiosShare capital reduction and reverse share split of Technicolor Creative Studios’ sharesShare capital reduction through decrease of Technicolor Creative Studio’s shares’ par value from fifty euro cents (€0.50) to one euro cent (€0.01)Reverse share split by exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1).Publication of the reverse share split notice in the BALO: May 31  2023Start of the reverse share split : June 16  2023Effective date of the reverse share split (listing of the new shares): July 18  2023Paris (FRANCE)  May 31  2023 - Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: ticker symbol TCHCS) (the “Company”) today announces the implementation of (i) the share capital reduction through decrease of the shares’ par value by a decision of the Board of Directors of May 31  2023  adopted pursuant to the thirteenth extraordinary resolution of the Combined General Meeting of May 15  2023 (the “General Meeting”) and (ii) the reverse share split of all outstanding shares of the Company  by decision of the Chief Executive Officer on May 30  2023  following the sub-delegation by the Board of Directors on May 15  2023  adopted pursuant to the twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution of the General Meeting.SHARE CAPITAL REDUCTION THROUGH DECREASE OF THE COMPANY’S SHARES’ PAR VALUEThe par value of each of the Company’s shares is decreased from fifty euro cents (€0.50) to one euro cent (€0.01) and the share capital is as a result reduced from two hundred seventy-three million three hundred forty thousand nine hundred fifty-seven euros and fifty euro cents (€273 340 957.50) to five million four hundred sixty-six thousand eight hundred nineteen euros and fifteen euro cents (€5 466 819.15).This transaction is purely technical  will have no impact on the stock price of the Company’s shares  or on the number of shares in circulation.As a result of this transaction  the Company’s share capital remains composed of five hundred forty-six million six hundred eighty-one thousand nine hundred fifteen (546 681 915) ordinary shares.Furthermore  the Chief Executive Officer  using the sub-delegation granted by the Board of Directors on May 15  2023  decided on May 30  2023 to implement the reverse share split of the Company’s shares  the terms of which are described hereafter.REVERSE SHARE SPLIT OF THE COMPANY’S SHARESThe reverse share split will result in the exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) (the “Existing Shares”) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1) (a “New Share”).This reverse stock-split will have no impact on the amount of the Company's share capital  and will result in the division of the number of outstanding shares by one hundred (100).Terms of the implementation of the reverse share split :All the terms and conditions of the reverse share split were decided by the Chief Executive Officer on May 30  2023  in accordance with the Board of Directors' sub-delegation of May 15  2023  and are detailed in the reverse share split notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 31  2023.Date of the beginning of the reverse share split: June 16  2023  subject to completion by this date of the share capital reduction by decreasing the shares’ par value in accordance with the thirteenth resolution of the General Meeting and the settlement-delivery of the new shares issued as part of the share capital increase approved by the fourteenth resolution of the General Meeting.Basis of the reverse share split: exchange of one hundred (100) Existing Shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) New Share with a par value of one euro (€1).Number of Existing Shares subject to the reverse share split: Two billion five hundred and fifty-one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand two hundred and seventy (2 551 182 270) shares  each with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01). (Subject to the absence of (i) the issuance of stock options and/or free shares by the Company and (ii) the exercise of such stock options).Number of New Shares to be issued as a result of the reverse share split: Twenty-five million five hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two (25 511 822) shares  each with a par value of one euro (€1). (Subject to the same reservation).The definitive number of New Shares to be issued as a result of the reverse share split will be recorded by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer at the end of the reverse share split.Exchange period: from June 16  2023 to July 17  2023.Whole securities: the conversion of Existing Shares into New Shares will be carried out according to the automatic procedure (procedure d’office).Fractional shares: shareholders who do not hold a number of Existing Shares corresponding to a whole number of New Shares must personally purchase or sell the fractional Existing Shares in order to obtain a multiple of one hundred (100) until July 17  2023. After this deadline  shareholders who have not been able to obtain a multiple of one hundred (100) shares will be compensated by their financial intermediary in accordance with articles L. 228-6-1 and R. 228-12 of the French Commercial Code and market practice.Non-consolidated Existing Shares will be delisted at the end of the reverse share split period.Centralization: All transactions relating to the reverse share split will take place with Société Générale Securities Services  32 rue du Champ de Tir  CS 30812  44308 Nantes Cedex 3  appointed as agent for the centralization of reverse share split transactions.In accordance with articles L. 228-6-1 and R. 228-12 of the French Commercial Code  any New Shares that cannot be allocated individually and correspond to fractional rights will be sold on the stock market by the account holders  and the proceeds of the sale will be allocated in proportion to the fractional rights of the holders of these rights.The Existing Shares subject to the reverse share split will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris under ISIN code FR001400BWV7  until July 17  2023  the last day of trading.The New Shares resulting from the reverse share split will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris from July 18  2023  the first day of trading  and will be assigned a new ISIN code.Adjustment of the conversion ratio of the convertible notes into shares and of the exercise parity of the warrants :Following the reverse share split  in order to preserve the rights of the holders of (i) the notes convertible into shares which will be issued pursuant to the General Meeting’s delegation and (ii) the warrants to be allocated for free pursuant to the General Meeting’s delegation  the conversion ratio of the convertible notes and the exercise parity of the warrants will be subject to technical adjustments in accordance with the procedures set out in the twenty-sixth resolution of the General Meeting and included in the reverse share split notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires.Indicative timetable :May 31  2023 Publication of the reverse share split notice in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires June 16  2023 Start of reverse share split transactionsPossibility for shareholders to buy and sell shares in order to obtain a number of shares without fractional rights until July 17  2023 July 17  2023 Closing of the exchange period July 17  2023 Last trading day for the Existing Shares July 18  2023 Listing of the New Shares***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'reverse share split', 'capital reduction', 'shares', 'two hundred seventy-three million three hundred forty thousand nine hundred fifty-seven euros', 'hundred sixty-six thousand eight hundred nineteen euros', 'Two billion five hundred', 'five million five hundred', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'one hundred (100) existing shares', 'reverse share split notice', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'fifty euro cents', 'fifteen euro cents', 'Share capital reduction', 'share capital increase', 'one euro cent', 'twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution', 'one (1) new share', 'thirteenth extraordinary resolution', 'fractional Existing Shares', 'Combined General Meeting', 'shares’ par value', 'reverse stock-split', 'thirteenth resolution', 'fourteenth resolution', 'Fractional shares', 'new shares', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ticker symbol', 'stock price', 'stock options', 'same reservation', 'Whole securities', 'outstanding shares', '915) ordinary shares', 'free shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'automatic procedure', 'Effective date', 'Exchange period', 'definitive number', ""Directors' sub-delegation"", '2,270) shares', '1,822) shares', 'decrease', 'Publication', 'BALO', 'May', 'Start', 'June', 'listing', 'July', 'FRANCE', 'TCHCS', 'Company', 'implementation', 'decision', 'Board', 'THE', 'result', 'transaction', 'impact', 'circulation', 'terms', 'amount', 'division', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'Bulletin', 'beginning', 'completion', 'settlement-delivery', 'part', 'Basis', 'absence', 'issuance', 'exercise', 'end', 'conversion', 'shareholders', '2,551']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Share-capital-reduction-and-reverse-share-split-of-Technicolor-Creativ-44005460/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Technicolor Creative Studios: Share capital reduction and reverse share split of Technicolor Creative Studios' shares,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Technicolor Creative StudiosShare capital reduction and reverse share split of Technicolor Creative Studios’ shares Share capital reduction through decrease of Technicolor Creative Studio’s shares’ par value from fifty euro …,PRESS RELEASETechnicolor Creative StudiosShare capital reduction and reverse share split of Technicolor Creative Studios’ sharesShare capital reduction through decrease of Technicolor Creative Studio’s shares’ par value from fifty euro cents (€0.50) to one euro cent (€0.01)Reverse share split by exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1).Publication of the reverse share split notice in the BALO: May 31  2023Start of the reverse share split : June 16  2023Effective date of the reverse share split (listing of the new shares): July 18  2023Paris (FRANCE)  May 31  2023 - Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: ticker symbol TCHCS) (the “Company”) today announces the implementation of (i) the share capital reduction through decrease of the shares’ par value by a decision of the Board of Directors of May 31  2023  adopted pursuant to the thirteenth extraordinary resolution of the Combined General Meeting of May 15  2023 (the “General Meeting”) and (ii) the reverse share split of all outstanding shares of the Company  by decision of the Chief Executive Officer on May 30  2023  following the sub-delegation by the Board of Directors on May 15  2023  adopted pursuant to the twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution of the General Meeting.SHARE CAPITAL REDUCTION THROUGH DECREASE OF THE COMPANY’S SHARES’ PAR VALUEThe par value of each of the Company’s shares is decreased from fifty euro cents (€0.50) to one euro cent (€0.01) and the share capital is as a result reduced from two hundred seventy-three million three hundred forty thousand nine hundred fifty-seven euros and fifty euro cents (€273 340 957.50) to five million four hundred sixty-six thousand eight hundred nineteen euros and fifteen euro cents (€5 466 819.15).This transaction is purely technical  will have no impact on the stock price of the Company’s shares  or on the number of shares in circulation.As a result of this transaction  the Company’s share capital remains composed of five hundred forty-six million six hundred eighty-one thousand nine hundred fifteen (546 681 915) ordinary shares.Furthermore  the Chief Executive Officer  using the sub-delegation granted by the Board of Directors on May 15  2023  decided on May 30  2023 to implement the reverse share split of the Company’s shares  the terms of which are described hereafter.REVERSE SHARE SPLIT OF THE COMPANY’S SHARESThe reverse share split will result in the exchange of one hundred (100) existing shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) (the “Existing Shares”) for one (1) new share with a par value of one euro (€1) (a “New Share”).This reverse stock-split will have no impact on the amount of the Company's share capital  and will result in the division of the number of outstanding shares by one hundred (100).Terms of the implementation of the reverse share split :All the terms and conditions of the reverse share split were decided by the Chief Executive Officer on May 30  2023  in accordance with the Board of Directors' sub-delegation of May 15  2023  and are detailed in the reverse share split notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on May 31  2023.Date of the beginning of the reverse share split: June 16  2023  subject to completion by this date of the share capital reduction by decreasing the shares’ par value in accordance with the thirteenth resolution of the General Meeting and the settlement-delivery of the new shares issued as part of the share capital increase approved by the fourteenth resolution of the General Meeting.Basis of the reverse share split: exchange of one hundred (100) Existing Shares with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01) for one (1) New Share with a par value of one euro (€1).Number of Existing Shares subject to the reverse share split: Two billion five hundred and fifty-one million one hundred and eighty-two thousand two hundred and seventy (2 551 182 270) shares  each with a par value of one euro cent (€0.01). (Subject to the absence of (i) the issuance of stock options and/or free shares by the Company and (ii) the exercise of such stock options).Number of New Shares to be issued as a result of the reverse share split: Twenty-five million five hundred and eleven thousand eight hundred and twenty-two (25 511 822) shares  each with a par value of one euro (€1). (Subject to the same reservation).The definitive number of New Shares to be issued as a result of the reverse share split will be recorded by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer at the end of the reverse share split.Exchange period: from June 16  2023 to July 17  2023.Whole securities: the conversion of Existing Shares into New Shares will be carried out according to the automatic procedure (procedure d’office).Fractional shares: shareholders who do not hold a number of Existing Shares corresponding to a whole number of New Shares must personally purchase or sell the fractional Existing Shares in order to obtain a multiple of one hundred (100) until July 17  2023. After this deadline  shareholders who have not been able to obtain a multiple of one hundred (100) shares will be compensated by their financial intermediary in accordance with articles L. 228-6-1 and R. 228-12 of the French Commercial Code and market practice.Non-consolidated Existing Shares will be delisted at the end of the reverse share split period.Centralization: All transactions relating to the reverse share split will take place with Société Générale Securities Services  32 rue du Champ de Tir  CS 30812  44308 Nantes Cedex 3  appointed as agent for the centralization of reverse share split transactions.In accordance with articles L. 228-6-1 and R. 228-12 of the French Commercial Code  any New Shares that cannot be allocated individually and correspond to fractional rights will be sold on the stock market by the account holders  and the proceeds of the sale will be allocated in proportion to the fractional rights of the holders of these rights.The Existing Shares subject to the reverse share split will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris under ISIN code FR001400BWV7  until July 17  2023  the last day of trading.The New Shares resulting from the reverse share split will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris from July 18  2023  the first day of trading  and will be assigned a new ISIN code.Adjustment of the conversion ratio of the convertible notes into shares and of the exercise parity of the warrants :Following the reverse share split  in order to preserve the rights of the holders of (i) the notes convertible into shares which will be issued pursuant to the General Meeting’s delegation and (ii) the warrants to be allocated for free pursuant to the General Meeting’s delegation  the conversion ratio of the convertible notes and the exercise parity of the warrants will be subject to technical adjustments in accordance with the procedures set out in the twenty-sixth resolution of the General Meeting and included in the reverse share split notice published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires.Indicative timetable :May 31  2023 Publication of the reverse share split notice in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires June 16  2023 Start of reverse share split transactionsPossibility for shareholders to buy and sell shares in order to obtain a number of shares without fractional rights until July 17  2023 July 17  2023 Closing of the exchange period July 17  2023 Last trading day for the Existing Shares July 18  2023 Listing of the New Shares***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact:investor.relations@technicolor.comCorporate press:Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'Share capital reduction', 'reverse share split', 'shares', 'six million six hundred eighty-one thousand nine hundred fifteen', 'three hundred forty thousand nine hundred fifty-seven euros', 'four hundred sixty-six thousand eight hundred nineteen euros', 'two thousand two hundred', 'five million five hundred', 'Two billion five hundred', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'one hundred (100) existing shares', 'reverse share split notice', 'two hundred seventy-three', 'fifteen euro cents', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'fifty euro cents', 'one euro cent', 'Share capital reduction', 'share capital increase', 'twenty-sixth extraordinary resolution', 'one (1) new share', 'thirteenth extraordinary resolution', 'fractional Existing Shares', 'Combined General Meeting', 'shares’ par value', 'reverse stock-split', 'thirteenth resolution', 'fourteenth resolution', 'Fractional shares', 'new shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'ticker symbol', 'stock price', 'stock options', 'same reservation', 'Whole securities', 'outstanding shares', '915) ordinary shares', 'free shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'automatic procedure', 'Effective date', 'Exchange period', 'definitive number', ""Directors' sub-delegation"", '2,270) shares', '1,822) shares', 'decrease', 'Publication', 'BALO', 'May', 'Start', 'June', 'listing', 'July', 'FRANCE', 'TCHCS', 'Company', 'implementation', 'decision', 'Board', 'result', 'transaction', 'impact', 'circulation', 'terms', 'THE', 'amount', 'division', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'Bulletin', 'beginning', 'completion', 'settlement-delivery', 'part', 'Basis', 'absence', 'issuance', 'exercise', 'end', 'conversion', 'shareholders', 'order', '2,551']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/05/31/sea-of-red-washes-over-global-markets-amid-downbeat-investor-mood/,Sea of red washes over global markets amid downbeat investor mood,On Euronext Dublin  the banks reversed some of the losses they suffered on Tuesday  on what was a ‘risk averse’ day,Traders working on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. US stock indexes fell on Wednesday as a deal to raise the nation’s debt ceiling headed for a crucial vote by lawmakers  while unexpectedly strong labour market data reinforced bets of another interest rate hike by the Federal ReserveA sea of red washed over global markets on Wednesday as the downbeat investor mood continued to pull on the world’s top stocks.DublinEuronext Dublin finished down 25 basis points on what was described as a “risk averse” day by traders.The banks reversed some of the losses they suffered on Tuesday  as AIB finished the day up 4 per cent  while Bank of Ireland and Permanent TSB climbed 2.5 per cent and 4.4 per cent respectively. A trader said there were some big volumes traded at the closing auction. “AIB traded 23.7 million shares at the close  while Bank of Ireland traded 4 million and CRH traded 3 million ” she said.On the downside building materials giant CRH traded down 1.6 per cent  while Irish Continental Group  which operates Irish Ferries  was down 2.8 per cent at close of business. Elsewhere  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment closed down 20 basis pointsREAD MOREAmong the airlines  Ryanair finished the day down 60 basis points  but the stock has “held up quite well”  according to a trader. “I thought it would have run out of steam by now ” she said. “There was a little bit more weakness there today  but it is still holding pretty well.”It fared better than a number of its peers as Wizz Air slumped 2.6 per cent  while EasyJet and Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group closed down 1.3 per cent and 1.7 per cent respectively.LondonThe FTSE 100 dropped by 1 per cent after being dragged down by losses for insurance giant Prudential and online grocer Ocado Group.Prudential saw its share price fall by 6.1 per cent after revealing its chief executive had resigned following an investigation into his conduct.Elsewhere  Purplebricks shareholder Lecram withdrew its takeover approach  claiming the troubled estate agency’s financial condition is “significantly worse than expected”. Its share price plummeted 27 per cent.In better news budget retailer B & M soared to the top of the FTSE 100 after reporting rising sales  anticipating earnings growth in the current financial year. Despite posting a 17 per cent drop in profits in the latest financial year  investors were buoyed by its promises for future success. Its share price climbed by 8 per cent.EuropeEuropean shares hit a two-month low as concerns about a global slowdown on China’s weak economic data and uncertainty around the US debt ceiling outpaced optimism from signs of easing inflation in some major euro zone economies. The pan-European Stoxx 600 index closed 1.1 per cent lower  after hitting its lowest level since March 30th.Leading declines  troubled Swedish real estate firm SBB sank 27.7 per cent  with local analysts pointing to a media report on the Swedish landlord potentially breaching its loan covenants.Meanwhile  B & M jumped 8 per cent after the British discount retailer forecast higher 2024 core earnings as customers snap up budget food and goods amid a cost-of-living crunch.Other European markets also sustained losses on Wednesday  with Germany’s Dax and France’s Cac both closing 1.54 per cent lower.New YorkUS stock indexes fell on Wednesday as a deal to raise the nation’s debt ceiling headed for a crucial vote by lawmakers  while unexpectedly strong labour market data reinforced bets of another interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve. The S&P 500 financial sector index fell 1.7 per cent  while banks dropped 2.7 per cent.Advance Auto Parts plunged 33.9 per cent  falling the most on the S&P 500  after the auto parts retailer cut its full-year forecasts. Shares of other autoparts companies including Genuine Parts  AutoZone and O’Reily Automotive fell between 4.2 per cent and 5.5 per cent.Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co slipped 7.1 per cent as it missed Wall Street estimates for second-quarter revenue.Nvidia’s shares fell 3.6 per cent after hitting a record high on Tuesday as it briefly crossed $1 trillion in market value  banking on the AI boom. (Additional reporting: Agencies),neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.08,0.81,True,English,"['downbeat investor mood', 'red washes', 'global markets', 'Sea', 'Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group', 'The S&P 500 financial sector index', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent', 'major euro zone economies', 'downside building materials giant', 'strong labour market data', 'Swedish real estate firm', 'news budget retailer B', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'weak economic data', 'troubled estate agency', 'current financial year', 'latest financial year', 'British discount retailer', 'Irish Continental Group', 'interest rate hike', 'downbeat investor mood', 'Purplebricks shareholder Lecram', 'auto parts retailer', 'other autoparts companies', 'O’Reily Automotive', 'Packard Enterprise Co', 'Wall Street estimates', 'US stock indexes', 'Advance Auto Parts', 'insurance giant Prudential', 'higher 2024 core earnings', 'Other European markets', 'US debt ceiling', 'risk averse” day', '17 per cent drop', 'Ocado Group', 'financial condition', 'market value', 'Swedish landlord', 'budget food', 'Genuine Parts', 'global markets', 'Irish Ferries', 'The FTSE 100', 'earnings growth', '1 per cent', '8 per cent', '4.2 per cent', '5.5 per cent', 'crucial vote', 'Federal Reserve', 'Permanent TSB', 'big volumes', 'closing auction', 'Flutter Entertainment', '20 basis points', 'Wizz Air', 'online grocer', 'share price', 'chief executive', 'takeover approach', 'rising sales', 'future success', 'European shares', 'global slowdown', 'lowest level', 'Leading declines', 'local analysts', 'media report', 'loan covenants', 'full-year forecasts', 'second-quarter revenue', 'AI boom', 'Additional reporting', 'top stocks', 'Euronext Dublin', '23.7 million shares', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Wednesday', 'deal', 'lawmakers', 'bets', 'sea', 'world', 'banks', 'losses', 'Tuesday', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'CRH', 'close', 'business', 'READ', 'Ryanair', 'steam', 'little', 'weakness', 'number', 'peers', 'EasyJet', 'London', 'investigation', 'conduct', 'profits', 'investors', 'promises', 'month', 'concerns', 'China', 'uncertainty', 'optimism', 'signs', 'inflation', 'March', 'SBB', 'customers', 'goods', 'cost', 'living', 'crunch', 'Germany', 'Dax', 'France', 'Cac', 'AutoZone', 'Nvidia', 'record', 'trillion', 'Agencies', '25', '2.5', '4.4', '1.3', '1.7']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,irishtimes.com
25582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HIGHCO-5002/news/HighCo-Shareholding-as-12-31-2022-43993869/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,HighCo : Shareholding as 12/31/2022,(marketscreener.com)   INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES   Declaration pursuant to Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code   and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers   …,"As an expert in data marketing and communication  HighCo continuously innovates to work with brands and retailers in meeting the retail challenges of tomorrow. Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (""PEA-PME"")  HighCo has more than 500 employees and has achieved Gold status from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.theoretical voting rights to calculate the threshold crossing including the voting right of treasury shares (articleand 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF)INFORMATION CONCERNING THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESUpcoming eventPublication take place after market close.Quarterly gross profit2022 Gross Profit: Wednesday  25 January 2023Q1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  26 April 2023Q2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 2023Q3 and 9-months 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 20232023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024Analyst meeting (French Society of Financial Analysts - SFAF)2022 Annual Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Wednesday  29 March 20232023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call at 11:00 am: Thursday  14 September 2023Earnings2022 Annual Earnings: Tuesday  28 March 20232023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS) and CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.com.This English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims liability for any inaccuracy herein.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.27,0.46,True,English,"['HighCo', 'Shareholding', 'SME equity savings plans', 'des marchés financiers', '2022 Annual Earnings Conference Call', '2023 Half-year Earnings Conference Call', 'Upcoming event Publication', 'Enternext® PEA-PME 150 index', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'theoretical voting rights', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'Quarterly gross profit', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC® Small', '2022 Gross Profit', '2023 Gross Profit', 'data marketing', 'retail challenges', 'compartment C', 'Gold status', 'CSR performance', 'responsible purchasing', 'threshold crossing', 'General Regulations', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'Analyst meeting', 'French Society', 'Financial Analysts', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', 'press releases', 'English-speaking readers', 'legal claim', 'legal opinion', 'treasury shares', 'financial information', 'English translation', '29 March', '28 March', 'expert', 'communication', 'HighCo', 'brands', 'retailers', 'tomorrow', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'Group', 'companies', 'terms', 'article', 'AMF', 'place', 'Wednesday', 'Q1', 'April', 'Q2', 'H1', 'Q3', '9-months', 'October', 'SFAF', 'Thursday', '14 September', 'Tuesday', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'convenience', 'basis', 'liability', 'inaccuracy', '11:00']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679711/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-ATLAS.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from ATLAS,Regulated Information - Denominator  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 22 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 550 000 capital......,Regulated Information - DenominatorAtlas Special Opportunities  LLC has converted 22 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 550 000 capital increase. This is part of Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC’s EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 31  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 45 289 855 new ordinary shares on May 30  2023  for a total amount of EUR 150 000  as the result of the conversion of 6 convertible bonds  and (ii) 125 418 060 new ordinary shares on May 31  2023  for a total amount of EUR 400 000  as the result of the conversion of 16 convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 1 022 343 629 outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 851 635 714 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 79 906 161Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 1 022 343 629 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 1 022 343 629 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 591 500 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 591 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);972 250 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 972 250 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);532 500 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 532 500 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);614 249 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 614 249 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);184 convertible bonds issued on March 14  2023  April 20  2023  and May 22  2023  entitling its holder  Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC  to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds pursuant to the Subscription Agreement entered into between the Company and Atlas Special Opportunities  LLC on March 1  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021 (as amended from time to time).ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  02/03/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.09,0.46,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'ATLAS', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'EUR 20 million Capital Commitment1', 'Atlas Special Opportunities', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', '45,289,855 new ordinary shares', '125,418,060 new ordinary shares', 'Such forward-looking statements', '1,022,343,629 outstanding ordinary shares', '851,635,714 outstanding ordinary shares', '550,000 capital increase', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', '22 convertible bonds', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', '6 convertible bonds', '184 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'voting rights', '591,500 subscription rights', 'total number', 'Regulated Information', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'Subscription Agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'LLC', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'conversion', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'March', 'terms', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'time', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obliga']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASR-NEDERLAND-N-V-28377340/news/ASR-Nederland-N-Shareholders-a-s-r-approve-all-proposed-resolutions-at-AGM-44002936/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,ASR Nederland N : Shareholders a.s.r. approve all proposed resolutions at AGM,(marketscreener.com)   Utrecht  the Netherlands  31 May 2023   Shareholders a.s.r. approve all proposed resolutions at AGM   ASR Nederland N.V.'s shareholders approved all proposed resolutions at today's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders   includ…,Utrecht  the Netherlands  31 May 2023Shareholders a.s.r. approve all proposed resolutions at AGMASR Nederland N.V.'s (a.s.r.) shareholders approved all proposed resolutions at today's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM)  including the adoption of the financial statements and the payment of a dividend of € 2.70 per share for the 2022 financial year.During the AGM Gisella van Vollenhoven and Gerard van Olphen were reappointed as members of the Supervisory Board and after the AGM the Supervisory Board reappointed Ingrid de Swart as a member of the Executive Board. All details of the resolutions approved during the AGM can be found on our website www.asrnl.com.Shareholders present and represented at the meetingAt the AGM  a total of 73.08% of the total issued  voting share capital was present or represented by proxy or voting instructions. The voting results will be published for each agenda item later today on our website.Media Relations Investor Relations Nienke Abid T: +31 (0)6 41 07 42 81 T: +31 (0)30 - 257 8600 E: nienke.abid@asr.nl E: ir@asr.nl www.asrnederland.nl www.asrnl.comAbout a.s.r.ASR Nederland N.V. (a.s.r.) is one of the top three insurance companies in the Netherlands. a.s.r. offers insurance  pension and mortgages to consumers  self-employed people and companies. In addition  a.s.r. is active as an asset manager for third parties. a.s.r. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam and is included in the AEX Index. For more information  please visit: www.asrnl.com.DisclaimerThe terms of this disclaimer ('Disclaimer') apply to this press release of ASR Nederland N.V. and all ASR legal vehicles and businesses operating in the Netherlands ('ASR Nederland'). Please read this Disclaimer carefully.ASR Nederland has taken all reasonable care in the reliability and accurateness of this press release. Nevertheless  it is possible that information contained in this message is incomplete or incorrect. The information in this press release may also be (partly) based on beliefs  assumptions and expectations of future performance  taking into account information that was available to ASR Nederland at the moment of drafting of this document ASR Nederland warns that the information could entail certain risks and uncertainties  as also referred to in the Risk Factors section in recent public disclosures made by ASR Nederland  so that the actual results of ASR Nederland could differ from the information in this document. ASR Nederland does not accept liability for any damages resulting from this press release in case the information in this press release is incorrect or incomplete.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.08,0.67,True,English,"['ASR Nederland N', 'Shareholders', 'r.', 'resolutions', 'AGM', 'Media Relations Investor Relations', 'ASR Nederland N.V.', 'top three insurance companies', 'Gisella van Vollenhoven', 'Gerard van Olphen', 'Ingrid de Swart', 'Risk Factors section', 'recent public disclosures', 'ASR legal vehicles', 'Annual General Meeting', 'a.s.r.', 'voting share capital', 'voting instructions', 'voting results', 'financial statements', '2022 financial year', 'Supervisory Board', 'Executive Board', 'agenda item', 'self-employed people', 'asset manager', 'third parties', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AEX Index', 'press release', 'reasonable care', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'Nienke Abid', 'Utrecht', 'Netherlands', '31 May', 'Shareholders', 'resolutions', 'AGM', 'today', 'adoption', 'payment', 'members', 'details', 'website', 'total', 'proxy', 'pension', 'mortgages', 'consumers', 'addition', 'information', 'asrnl', 'Disclaimer', 'terms', 'businesses', 'reliability', 'accurateness', 'message', 'beliefs', 'assumptions', 'expectations', 'account', 'moment', 'drafting', 'document', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'damages', 'case']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BENEVOLENTAI-124363416/news/New-Preclinical-Data-on-AI-Generated-Target-Identified-in-BenevolentAI-and-AstraZeneca-Collaboration-43994700/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,New Preclinical Data on AI-Generated Target Identified in BenevolentAI and AstraZeneca Collaboration Presented at ATS 2023,(marketscreener.com) Research  presented by AstraZeneca  provides information on the biological validation of Serum Response Factor as a potential target for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosisThe target was discovered using the Benevolent Platform™  Benevole…,BenevolentAI ​​(Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leader that combines cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence (AI) and science to accelerate biopharma discovery and development  announces that AstraZeneca presented new preclinical data on an AI-generated target identified in their ongoing collaboration with BenevolentAI. The data was presented at the ATS International Conference 2023.The research provides further scientific information on Serum Response Factor (SRF) as a potential target for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF). SRF was discovered as a central pro-fibrotic mechanism using the Benevolent Platform™  its flexible and scalable AI-enabled drug discovery engine  despite limited direct evidence linking the target with IPF. Scientists used AI tools within the Benevolent Platform™ to examine the biological rationale underpinning the target prediction and make data-driven decisions.The target underwent rigorous experimental validation by AstraZeneca using CRISPR screening in primary human lung fibroblasts and validation confirmed using SRF gene silencing (siRNA) or pharmacological SRF pathway inhibition. These data indicate that inhibition of SRF-driven transcription of pro-fibrotic genes in lung fibroblasts might deliver antifibrotic efficacy in IPF.About the BenevolentAI collaboration with AstraZenecaBenevolentAI’s successful multi-year target identification collaboration with AstraZeneca focuses on discovering novel targets using BenevolentAI’s powerful AI-enabled drug discovery engine. The collaboration has so far led to a total of five targets selected for portfolio-entry (three in IPF and two in chronic kidney disease)  with the potential for future development milestones and sales-based royalty revenues for BenevolentAI. Based on this success  the collaboration was expanded in January 2022 for a further three years  adding two new disease areas: systemic lupus erythematosus and heart failure.Poster Details:Title: P1248 - Unbiased Identification of Serum Response Factor as a Central Profibrotic Mechanism in Idiopathic Pulmonary FibrosisAbstract Number: A3954About BenevolentAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading developer of advanced artificial intelligence technologies that unlock the value of multimodal data  surface novel insights  and accelerate biomedical discovery. Through the combined capabilities of its AI platform  its scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  the Company is developing an in-house drug pipeline of high-value assets. The Company is headquartered in London  with a research facility in Cambridge (UK) and a further office in New York.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230530005703/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['New Preclinical Data', 'AI-Generated Target', 'AstraZeneca Collaboration', 'BenevolentAI', 'ATS', 'scalable AI-enabled drug discovery engine', 'powerful AI-enabled drug discovery engine', 'successful multi-year target identification collaboration', 'advanced artificial intelligence technologies', 'two new disease areas', 'primary human lung fibroblasts', 'pharmacological SRF pathway inhibition', 'house drug pipeline', 'cutting-edge Artificial Intelligence', 'chronic kidney disease', 'ATS International Conference', 'Serum Response Factor', 'idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis', 'limited direct evidence', 'sales-based royalty revenues', 'systemic lupus erythematosus', 'Central Profibrotic Mechanism', 'central pro-fibrotic mechanism', 'surface novel insights', 'SRF gene silencing', 'rigorous experimental validation', 'future development milestones', 'new preclinical data', 'biopharma discovery', 'Unbiased Identification', 'biomedical discovery', 'New York', 'pro-fibrotic genes', 'novel targets', 'ongoing collaboration', 'AI-generated target', 'target prediction', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'scientific information', 'Benevolent Platform™', 'biological rationale', 'data-driven decisions', 'CRISPR screening', 'SRF-driven transcription', 'antifibrotic efficacy', 'five targets', 'three years', 'heart failure', 'Poster Details', 'Abstract Number', 'leading developer', 'combined capabilities', 'scientific expertise', 'wet-lab facilities', 'high-value assets', 'source version', 'multimodal data', 'AI tools', 'AI platform', 'potential target', 'The Company', 'research facility', 'BenevolentAI collaboration', 'BAI', 'leader', 'science', 'AstraZeneca', 'IPF', 'flexible', 'Scientists', 'siRNA', 'total', 'portfolio-entry', 'January', 'Title', 'London', 'Cambridge', 'UK', 'office', 'businesswire']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Publishes-an-Article-in-Cancer-Immunology-Research-Demonstrating-Preclinical-Evidence-of-U-44006214/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Cellectis Publishes an Article in Cancer Immunology Research Demonstrating Preclinical Evidence of UCART20x22 Product Candidate to Target a Broad Spectrum of Patients with B-cell Malignancies,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  May 31  2023 -- Cellectis   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today publishes an article in Cancer Immunology Research demonstrating…,NEW YORK  May 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today publishes an article in Cancer Immunology Research demonstrating pre-clinical proof-of-concept data of UCART20x22 product candidate  Cellectis’ first allogeneic dual CAR T-cell targeting the CD20 and CD22 antigens  to overcome current mechanisms of resistance to CAR T-cell therapies in B-cell Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (B-NHL)  while providing a potential alternative to CD19 directed therapy.B-cell Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (B-NHL) remains one of the most common cancers worldwide  with reports an estimate of 544 000 new cases and 260 000 deaths worldwide in 2020. Despite the groundbreaking efficacy of current CAR T-cell therapies  studies on patients treated with autologous CAR T-cells are revealing several causes for relapses that includes: antigen loss  low antigen expression or insufficient CAR T-cell potency and persistence  among others. While several suitable targets to treat B-cells malignancies have been identified  CD19 has been the focus of attention leading to a crowded space with limited therapeutic alternatives for CD19 low or negative relapses.The limited amount of eligible treatment options after relapse from autologous CAR T-cell therapy or for patients not eligible for autologous therapies  underscores the urgent need to develop novel therapies with the potential to improve patient outcome.To address these challenges  Cellectis developed UCART20x22  its first allogeneic dual CAR T-cell product candidate targeting two validated antigens commonly expressed in B-cell malignancies  CD20 and CD22  and whose expression is preserved after CD19 CAR T-cell treatment. Cellectis provides pre-clinical proof of concept demonstrating potent and sustained activity of different designs of allogeneic CD20xCD22 CAR in vitro and in vivo against various antigen combinations and models recapitulating antigen escape  a current challenge in the field that can lead to treatment failure. Moreover  UCART20x22 is developed to be available off-the-shelf and to offer a solution for patients whose T-cells are not functional or for which autologous manufacturing fails.“In this study  we demonstrate that allogeneic CD20x22 CAR T-cells exhibit robust  sustained and dose-dependent activity in vitro and in vivo  while efficiently targeting primary Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma samples with heterogeneous levels of CD22 and CD20” said Beatriz Aranda Orgilles  Ph.D.  Team Leader at Cellectis. “We are very excited to share these encouraging preclinical data that support the transition of UCART20x22 into the clinic and represent a potential therapeutic alternative to CD19-directed therapies.”Preclinical data showed that:The use of a bicistronic vector favors the generation of dual CAR T-cells co- expressing both CD20 and CD22 CARsCAR T-cells efficiently and persistently eradicate double positive tumor cells over time. More importantly  compared to the single CAR  the dual CAR displayed similarly strong cytolytic activity over time against tumor cells expressing a single antigen  validating the benefit of using a dual CAR approach.Both CD20xCD22 CAR versions tested in this study potently targeted tumor cells in vivo in a dose dependent manner  with both doses of 3 and 10 million CAR T-cells achieving complete tumor clearance.Xenograft models mimicking antigen escape with an aggressive lymphoma model demonstrate that the dual CD20xCD22 CAR is capable to eliminate all tumors despite of losing one antigen  thus providing a potential solution for this challenge in the field.Bone marrow and spleen analysis of the surviving animals treated with the dual CAR at the end of the study  revealed that dual CAR T-cells efficiently eradicated the tumor and are capable to persist in the bone marrow for longer than one hundred daysPrimary NHL samples with variable levels of CD20 and CD22 can successfully be eradicated with the dual CD20xCD22 CAR suggesting that UCART20x22 has the potential to reach a large patient population.Full tumor elimination is achieved in a dose dependent manner in a Patient-Derived Xenograft (PDX) model recapitulating mantle cell lymphoma at day 20 with a dose of 3 million CAR T-cells or higher.UCART20x22 features TALEN®-mediated disruptions of the TRAC gene (to minimize the risk of graft-versus-host disease) and of the CD52 gene (to permit use of a CD52-directed monoclonal antibody in patients’ lymphodepletion regimen) to enhance CAR T engraftment  expansion and persistence. UCART20x22 is Cellectis’ first product candidate fully designed  developed and manufactured in-house at Cellectis.UCART20x22 is evaluated in the NATHALI-01 Phase 1/2a clinical study in patients with r/r B-NHL (NCT05607420).This article is available on Cancer Immunology Research website by clicking on this link: https://aacrjournals.org/cancerimmunolres/article/doi/10.1158/2326-6066.CIR-22-0910About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancements  timing and progress of clinical trials  the potential of our innovation and preclinical programs. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.92,0.08,mixed,0.25,0.14,0.61,True,English,"['Cancer Immunology Research', 'UCART20x22 Product Candidate', 'Preclinical Evidence', 'Broad Spectrum', 'B-cell Malignancies', 'Cellectis', 'Article', 'Patients', 'first allogeneic dual CAR T-cell product candidate', 'NATHALI-01 Phase 1/2a clinical study', 'Cellectis’ first product candidate', 'insufficient CAR T-cell potency', 'allogeneic CD20x22 CAR T-cells', 'Patient-Derived Xenograft (PDX) model', 'Cancer Immunology Research website', 'autologous CAR T-cell therapy', 'CD19 CAR T-cell treatment', 'double positive tumor cells', 'current CAR T-cell therapies', 'primary Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma samples', 'allogeneic CD20xCD22 CAR', 'UCART20x22 product candidate', 'dual CAR approach', 'dual CD20xCD22 CAR', 'aggressive lymphoma model', 'dual CAR T-cells', 'CD20xCD22 CAR versions', 'CAR T engraftment', 'B-cell Non-Hodgkin lymphoma', '10 million CAR T-cells', '3 million CAR T-cells', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'CD19 directed therapy', 'eligible treatment options', 'Beatriz Aranda Orgilles', 'CD52-directed monoclonal antibody', 'autologous CAR T-cells', 'mantle cell lymphoma', 'several suitable targets', 'limited therapeutic alternatives', 'two validated antigens', 'complete tumor clearance', 'one hundred days', 'large patient population', 'Full tumor elimination', 'strong cytolytic activity', 'dose dependent manner', 'various antigen combinations', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'encouraging preclinical data', 'patients’ lymphodepletion regimen', 'potential therapeutic alternative', 'low antigen expression', 'clinical proof', 'single CAR', 'autologous therapies', 'CD19 low', 'treatment failure', 'Primary NHL', 'one antigen', 'autologous manufacturing', 'current mechanisms', 'B-cell malignancies', 'life-saving cell', 'gene therapies', 'several causes', 'limited amount', 'novel therapies', 'patient outcome', 'CD19-directed therapies', 'Xenograft models', 'sustained activity', 'dose-dependent activity', 'potential alternative', 'antigen loss', 'antigen escape', 'single antigen', 'current challenge', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'common cancers', '544,000 new cases', 'groundbreaking efficacy', 'B-cells malignancies', 'crowded space', 'urgent need', 'different designs', 'robust, sustained', 'heterogeneous levels', 'Ph.D.', 'Team Leader', 'bicistronic vector', 'Bone marrow', 'spleen analysis', 'surviving animals', 'variable levels', '®-mediated disruptions', 'TRAC gene', 'host disease', 'CD52 gene', 'CD22 antigens', 'concept data', 'negative relapses', 'CD22 CARs', 'r/r B-NHL', 'potential solution', 'ALCLS', 'NASDAQ', 'CLLS', 'article', 'resistance', 'reports', 'estimate', '260,000 deaths', 'studies', 'persistence', 'others', 'focus', 'attention', 'challenges', 'vitro', 'vivo', 'field', 'shelf', 'transition', 'generation', 'time', 'benefit', 'Both', 'doses', 'tumors', 'longer', 'risk', 'expansion', 'house', 'link', 'aacrjournals', 'cancerimmunolres']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2678989/0/en/Biotalys-Continues-to-Demonstrate-Strength-of-First-Biocontrol-in-Latest-Global-Field-Trials.html,Biotalys Continues to Demonstrate Strength of First Biocontrol in Latest Global Field Trials,Ghent  Belgium  May  31  2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Press release    In total  160 field trials were performed in 2022 Trials continue to showcase the......,"Ghent  Belgium  May 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press releaseIn total  160 field trials were performed in 2022Trials continue to showcase the efficacy of Biotalys’ first protein-based biocontrol Evoca™ across various high-value cropsFollowing regulatory approval  fruit and vegetable growers will be able to use Evoca as a novel  safe and sustainable crop protection toolBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  today revealed the initial results of its latest field trials for its first biocontrol  Evoca*. Throughout 2022  Biotalys conducted more than 160 in-depth field trials in partnership with industry leaders like Biobest and Beck Ag across a wider variety of crops to support its product positioning in both the European Union and the United States.As in previous years  the 2022 field trials showed excellent results for the use of Evoca against Botrytis in grapes. Both the original Evoca and an updated formulation consistently met or exceeded a leading chemical fungicide and biological solution against Botrytis – further demonstrating the product’s efficacy and reliability in overcoming fungal diseases that can decimate yields if left unchecked.The figure below shows a comparison between a chemicals-only program and a rotation program under which Evoca is used in grapes at flowering instead of a chemical fungicide.Note: Trials conducted in California  New York and Oregon across diverse climates. Vineyards represent a range of value  premium  and ultra-premium grapes. Boxes in the right-hand panel show FRAC (Fungicide Resistance Action Committee) codes for the reference chemical fungicides and Evoca used in all trials. FRAC codes were rotated per best practices for resistance management. The chemical references used are all rated 5/5 (excellent and consistent) by UC Davis for control of Botrytis on grapevines.In grapes  Evoca stood out as a true replacer for standard chemical applications during the critical flowering phase in integrated pest management (IPM) programs  protecting against Botrytis across expansive trials throughout the United States and Europe. Vinification trials also continued to show no impact on wine quality and taste with Evoca.“Our field trial results have proven that Biotalys’ first biocontrol product Evoca can bridge the gap between the performance and convenience of chemical solutions and the safety and sustainability profiles of biological solutions for produce growers ” commented Lacey Cole  Biotalys’ Head of Business Development and Marketing in the Americas. “We’re working closely with industry leaders like Biobest and Beck Ag to determine the best ways and times to work new  safer  more sustainable crop protection solutions like Evoca into growers’ established IPM programs.”Richard Bettison  CEO of Beck Ag  said: “We are excited to collaborate with Biotalys in preparing for the launch of Evoca in the U.S.  by enabling execution excellence and maximizing grower benefits from this novel technology. Beck Ag will execute prelaunch activities that ensure the optimal customer experience with Evoca by focusing on gathering insights from trial users  mapping the customer journey  aggregating and assessing customer and performance data  and refining the overall launch plan.”Biotalys also tested Evoca in other high-value fruits and vegetables. Key takeaways by crop type include:Cucu mbers – Across trials in Europe  Evoca demonstrated protection against powdery mildew  comparable to the existing chemical solution and another proven biological solution. While many existing chemical solutions are facing disease resistance  Evoca offers growers a new mode of action and provides a clear benefit as it does not leave chemical residues on the crop.– Across trials in Europe  Evoca demonstrated protection against powdery mildew  comparable to the existing chemical solution and another proven biological solution. While many existing chemical solutions are facing disease resistance  Evoca offers growers a new mode of action and provides a clear benefit as it does not leave chemical residues on the crop. Strawberries – Evoca performed similarly to other biologicals against Botrytis fruit rot allowing for use of the product in IPM rotations in warm  spring climates. Further field tests are underway to determine the optimal frequency  timing and application rotation to expand to other climate scenarios and regions.Evoca performed similarly to other biologicals against Botrytis fruit rot allowing for use of the product in IPM rotations in warm  spring climates. Further field tests are underway to determine the optimal frequency  timing and application rotation to expand to other climate scenarios and regions. Tomato es – Despite high disease pressure during trials  adding Evoca to the traditional chemical protection program demonstrated comparable efficacy against powdery mildew to a chemicals-only program. Growers will therefore be able to reduce the chemical residue on tomatoes by adding Evoca to their rotation program.Despite high disease pressure during trials  adding Evoca to the traditional chemical protection program demonstrated comparable efficacy against powdery mildew to a chemicals-only program. Growers will therefore be able to reduce the chemical residue on tomatoes by adding Evoca to their rotation program. Blueberries – Biotalys also tested Evoca for the first time in blueberries  a high-value crop for which demand is growing globally. Disease pressure in the field trials was too low to demonstrate efficacy; so  further field trials will be conducted in this crop to test performance.Luc Maertens  COO of Biotalys  commented: “It is time to embrace a fully integrated approach to sustainable agriculture that takes into account not only which crop protection solutions to use  but also how much  when and on which plants to avoid any negative impact on the surrounding plants or environment  while securing high yields. Through our comprehensive field trial assessment with Evoca  our first protein-based biofungicide is paving the way for an entire line of next-generation biocontrols that will provide the winning combination of safety and efficacy.”* Evoca™: Pending Registration. This product is not currently registered for sale or use in the United States  the European Union  or elsewhere and is not being offered for sale.About Evoca™Evoca  a novel protein-based biofungicide which earned an entirely new resistance classification by the Fungicide Resistance Action Committee (FRAC)  helps control fungal diseases such as Botrytis and powdery mildew in fruits and vegetables. Demonstrating strong performance in field trials across multiple regions  climates  soil types  production types  pathogen pressure and crops to date  Evoca is on track to obtain approval by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) later this year  while EU regulatory approval is expected in 2025. Evoca is the first of many biocontrols in the company’s expansive pipeline of product candidates developed on Biotalys’ AGROBODY Foundry™ platform. Supplemental videos can also be found here.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.13,0.32,True,English,"['Latest Global Field Trials', 'First Biocontrol', 'Biotalys', 'Strength', 'many existing chemical solutions', 'sustainable crop protection tool', 'sustainable crop protection solutions', 'traditional chemical protection program', 'Fungicide Resistance Action Committee', 'first protein-based biocontrol Evoca™', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'critical flowering phase', 'leading chemical fungicide', 'reference chemical fungicides', 'standard chemical applications', 'warm, spring climates', 'other high-value fruits', 'other climate scenarios', 'integrated pest management', 'high disease pressure', 'various high-value crops', 'overall launch plan', 'proven biological solution', 'first biocontrol product', 'field trial results', 'optimal customer experience', 'latest field trials', '160 in-depth field trials', 'Further field tests', 'Botrytis fruit rot', 'biological solutions', 'resistance management', 'disease resistance', 'chemical references', 'chemical residues', 'food protection', 'diverse climates', 'other biologicals', 'chemicals-only program', 'rotation program', 'trial users', 'initial results', 'excellent results', 'optimal frequency', '160 field trials', '2022 field trials', 'crop type', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'regulatory approval', 'novel, safe', 'Agricultural Technology', 'AgTech) company', 'industry leaders', 'wider variety', 'European Union', 'United States', 'previous years', 'updated formulation', 'fungal diseases', 'New York', 'right-hand panel', 'best practices', 'UC Davis', 'true replacer', 'IPM) programs', 'wine quality', 'sustainability profiles', 'Lacey Cole', 'Business Development', 'best ways', 'IPM programs', 'Richard Bettison', 'U.S.', 'execution excellence', 'grower benefits', 'novel technology', 'prelaunch activities', 'customer journey', 'Key takeaways', 'Cucu mbers', 'powdery mildew', 'new mode', 'clear benefit', 'IPM rotations', 'application rotation', 'Tomato es', 'expansive trials', 'Vinification trials', 'product positioning', 'Beck Ag', 'performance data', 'vegetable growers', 'produce growers', 'comparable efficacy', 'ultra-premium grapes', 'original Evoca', 'FRAC codes', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'total', 'Biotalys', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'partnership', 'Biobest', 'reliability', 'yields', 'figure', 'comparison', 'Note', 'California', 'Oregon', 'Vineyards', 'range', 'Boxes', 'grapevines', 'impact', 'taste', 'gap', 'convenience', 'safety', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Americas', 'times', 'CEO', 'insights', 'vegetables', 'Strawberries', 'timing', 'regions', 'tomatoes']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Biotalys-Continues-to-Demonstrate-Strength-of-First-Biocontrol-in-Latest-Global-Field-Trials-43994737/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Biotalys Continues to Demonstrate Strength of First Biocontrol in Latest Global Field Trials,(marketscreener.com) Ghent  Belgium  May 31  2023 --  Press release In total  160 field trials were performed in 2022 Trials continue to showcase the efficacy of Biotalys’ first protein-based biocontrol Evoca™ across various high-value cropsFollowing regulato…,"Ghent  Belgium  May 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press releaseIn total  160 field trials were performed in 2022Trials continue to showcase the efficacy of Biotalys’ first protein-based biocontrol Evoca™ across various high-value cropsFollowing regulatory approval  fruit and vegetable growers will be able to use Evoca as a novel  safe and sustainable crop protection toolBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  today revealed the initial results of its latest field trials for its first biocontrol  Evoca*. Throughout 2022  Biotalys conducted more than 160 in-depth field trials in partnership with industry leaders like Biobest and Beck Ag across a wider variety of crops to support its product positioning in both the European Union and the United States.As in previous years  the 2022 field trials showed excellent results for the use of Evoca against Botrytis in grapes. Both the original Evoca and an updated formulation consistently met or exceeded a leading chemical fungicide and biological solution against Botrytis – further demonstrating the product’s efficacy and reliability in overcoming fungal diseases that can decimate yields if left unchecked.The figure below shows a comparison between a chemicals-only program and a rotation program under which Evoca is used in grapes at flowering instead of a chemical fungicide.Note: Trials conducted in California  New York and Oregon across diverse climates. Vineyards represent a range of value  premium  and ultra-premium grapes. Boxes in the right-hand panel show FRAC (Fungicide Resistance Action Committee) codes for the reference chemical fungicides and Evoca used in all trials. FRAC codes were rotated per best practices for resistance management. The chemical references used are all rated 5/5 (excellent and consistent) by UC Davis for control of Botrytis on grapevines.In grapes  Evoca stood out as a true replacer for standard chemical applications during the critical flowering phase in integrated pest management (IPM) programs  protecting against Botrytis across expansive trials throughout the United States and Europe. Vinification trials also continued to show no impact on wine quality and taste with Evoca.“Our field trial results have proven that Biotalys’ first biocontrol product Evoca can bridge the gap between the performance and convenience of chemical solutions and the safety and sustainability profiles of biological solutions for produce growers ” commented Lacey Cole  Biotalys’ Head of Business Development and Marketing in the Americas. “We’re working closely with industry leaders like Biobest and Beck Ag to determine the best ways and times to work new  safer  more sustainable crop protection solutions like Evoca into growers’ established IPM programs.”Richard Bettison  CEO of Beck Ag  said: “We are excited to collaborate with Biotalys in preparing for the launch of Evoca in the U.S.  by enabling execution excellence and maximizing grower benefits from this novel technology. Beck Ag will execute prelaunch activities that ensure the optimal customer experience with Evoca by focusing on gathering insights from trial users  mapping the customer journey  aggregating and assessing customer and performance data  and refining the overall launch plan.”Biotalys also tested Evoca in other high-value fruits and vegetables. Key takeaways by crop type include:Cucu mbers – Across trials in Europe  Evoca demonstrated protection against powdery mildew  comparable to the existing chemical solution and another proven biological solution. While many existing chemical solutions are facing disease resistance  Evoca offers growers a new mode of action and provides a clear benefit as it does not leave chemical residues on the crop.– Across trials in Europe  Evoca demonstrated protection against powdery mildew  comparable to the existing chemical solution and another proven biological solution. While many existing chemical solutions are facing disease resistance  Evoca offers growers a new mode of action and provides a clear benefit as it does not leave chemical residues on the crop. Strawberries – Evoca performed similarly to other biologicals against Botrytis fruit rot allowing for use of the product in IPM rotations in warm  spring climates. Further field tests are underway to determine the optimal frequency  timing and application rotation to expand to other climate scenarios and regions.Evoca performed similarly to other biologicals against Botrytis fruit rot allowing for use of the product in IPM rotations in warm  spring climates. Further field tests are underway to determine the optimal frequency  timing and application rotation to expand to other climate scenarios and regions. Tomato es – Despite high disease pressure during trials  adding Evoca to the traditional chemical protection program demonstrated comparable efficacy against powdery mildew to a chemicals-only program. Growers will therefore be able to reduce the chemical residue on tomatoes by adding Evoca to their rotation program.Despite high disease pressure during trials  adding Evoca to the traditional chemical protection program demonstrated comparable efficacy against powdery mildew to a chemicals-only program. Growers will therefore be able to reduce the chemical residue on tomatoes by adding Evoca to their rotation program. Blueberries – Biotalys also tested Evoca for the first time in blueberries  a high-value crop for which demand is growing globally. Disease pressure in the field trials was too low to demonstrate efficacy; so  further field trials will be conducted in this crop to test performance.Luc Maertens  COO of Biotalys  commented: “It is time to embrace a fully integrated approach to sustainable agriculture that takes into account not only which crop protection solutions to use  but also how much  when and on which plants to avoid any negative impact on the surrounding plants or environment  while securing high yields. Through our comprehensive field trial assessment with Evoca  our first protein-based biofungicide is paving the way for an entire line of next-generation biocontrols that will provide the winning combination of safety and efficacy.”* Evoca™: Pending Registration. This product is not currently registered for sale or use in the United States  the European Union  or elsewhere and is not being offered for sale.About Evoca™Evoca  a novel protein-based biofungicide which earned an entirely new resistance classification by the Fungicide Resistance Action Committee (FRAC)  helps control fungal diseases such as Botrytis and powdery mildew in fruits and vegetables. Demonstrating strong performance in field trials across multiple regions  climates  soil types  production types  pathogen pressure and crops to date  Evoca is on track to obtain approval by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) later this year  while EU regulatory approval is expected in 2025. Evoca is the first of many biocontrols in the company’s expansive pipeline of product candidates developed on Biotalys’ AGROBODY Foundry™ platform. Supplemental videos can also be found here.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.13,0.32,True,English,"['Latest Global Field Trials', 'First Biocontrol', 'Biotalys', 'Strength', 'many existing chemical solutions', 'sustainable crop protection tool', 'sustainable crop protection solutions', 'traditional chemical protection program', 'Fungicide Resistance Action Committee', 'first protein-based biocontrol Evoca™', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'critical flowering phase', 'leading chemical fungicide', 'reference chemical fungicides', 'standard chemical applications', 'warm, spring climates', 'other high-value fruits', 'other climate scenarios', 'integrated pest management', 'high disease pressure', 'various high-value crops', 'overall launch plan', 'proven biological solution', 'first biocontrol product', 'field trial results', 'optimal customer experience', 'latest field trials', '160 in-depth field trials', 'Further field tests', 'Botrytis fruit rot', 'biological solutions', 'resistance management', 'disease resistance', 'chemical references', 'chemical residues', 'food protection', 'diverse climates', 'other biologicals', 'chemicals-only program', 'rotation program', 'trial users', 'initial results', 'excellent results', 'optimal frequency', '160 field trials', '2022 field trials', 'crop type', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'regulatory approval', 'novel, safe', 'Agricultural Technology', 'AgTech) company', 'industry leaders', 'wider variety', 'European Union', 'United States', 'previous years', 'updated formulation', 'fungal diseases', 'New York', 'right-hand panel', 'best practices', 'UC Davis', 'true replacer', 'IPM) programs', 'wine quality', 'sustainability profiles', 'Lacey Cole', 'Business Development', 'best ways', 'IPM programs', 'Richard Bettison', 'U.S.', 'execution excellence', 'grower benefits', 'novel technology', 'prelaunch activities', 'customer journey', 'Key takeaways', 'Cucu mbers', 'powdery mildew', 'new mode', 'clear benefit', 'IPM rotations', 'application rotation', 'Tomato es', 'expansive trials', 'Vinification trials', 'product positioning', 'Beck Ag', 'performance data', 'vegetable growers', 'produce growers', 'comparable efficacy', 'ultra-premium grapes', 'original Evoca', 'FRAC codes', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'total', 'Biotalys', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'partnership', 'Biobest', 'reliability', 'yields', 'figure', 'comparison', 'Note', 'California', 'Oregon', 'Vineyards', 'range', 'Boxes', 'grapevines', 'impact', 'taste', 'gap', 'convenience', 'safety', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'Americas', 'times', 'CEO', 'insights', 'vegetables', 'Strawberries', 'timing', 'regions', 'tomatoes']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/Seal-Rock-Therapeutics-Announces-Out-Licensing-Agreement-with-GENFIT-for-Development-of-Injectable-F-44006192/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Seal Rock Therapeutics Announces Out-Licensing Agreement with GENFIT for Development of Injectable Formulation of SRT-015 for Acute-on-Chronic Liver Disease (ACLF),(marketscreener.com) Seal Rock eligible to receive payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royaltiesSEATTLE  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seal Rock Therapeutics  Inc.  a clinical stage com…,"Seal Rock eligible to receive payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royaltiesSEATTLE  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seal Rock Therapeutics  Inc.  a clinical stage company developing first-in-class and best-in-class kinase inhibitors  today announced it has entered into an out-licensing agreement with GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT) for the development of an injectable formulation of SRT-015 for acute liver disease  including Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF).Under the agreement  Seal Rock Therapeutics is eligible for payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royalties.SRT-015  a highly optimized  second generation  liver-selective inhibitor of Apoptosis Signal-reducing Kinase 1 (ASK1). It is being developed by Seal Rock Therapeutics  in an oral formulation  as a treatment for severe acute alcoholic hepatitis as well as orphan liver diseases and NASH.""We're excited to announce this licensing deal with GENFIT that will accelerate the development of an injectable formulation of our second-generation ASK1 inhibitor SRT-015 for ACLF  a liver disease with high unmet need "" said Neil McDonnell  CEO of Seal Rock Therapeutics. ""At Seal Rock  we remain focused on initiating a Phase 2a trial of oral SRT-015 for severe alcoholic hepatitis. We will also continue development of our first-in-class LRRK2/ASK1 dual kinase inhibitors for Parkinson's Disease and ALS.""""Considering its liver-centric activity  the potential for multi-organ benefits and the breadth of evidence supporting further development in ACLF  we strongly believe in the potential of SRT-015 "" said Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT. ""We are pleased to have this opportunity to develop a new  injectable formulation of SRT-015 for Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF).""About SRT-015SRT-015 is a second-generation inhibitor of ASK1 developed internally by Seal Rock Therapeutics. Optimized to overcome the liabilities of first-generation ASK1 inhibitors such as selonsertib  and with a liver-preferential distribution  SRT-015 is positioned as a first-in-class product candidate for NASH and AH.About Seal Rock TherapeuticsSeal Rock Therapeutics is a privately held  clinical stage company based in Seattle focused on developing first-in-class and best-in-class treatments for severe diseases with limited or no available therapies. Seal Rock is led by an experienced management team with a track record of successful drug discovery  development and commercialization. The company's clinical-stage lead product candidate  SRT-015  is a highly optimized  first-in-class ASK1 inhibitor. Seal Rock is also developing preclinical-stage brain-penetrant ASK1/LRRK2 dual kinase inhibitors for treatment of neurodegenerative conditions such as Parkinson's disease and ALS.For more information  please visit www.sealrocktx.comMedia Contact:Julie RathbunRathbun CommunicationsJulie@rathbuncomm.com206-769-9219View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/seal-rock-therapeutics-announces-out-licensing-agreement-with-genfit-for-development-of-injectable-formulation-of-srt-015-for-acute-on-chronic-liver-disease-aclf-301839273.htmlSOURCE Seal Rock Therapeutics",neutral,0.0,0.94,0.06,mixed,0.47,0.3,0.23,True,English,"['Seal Rock Therapeutics', 'Chronic Liver Disease', 'Out-Licensing Agreement', 'Injectable Formulation', 'GENFIT', 'Development', 'SRT', 'Acute', 'ACLF', 'preclinical-stage brain-penetrant ASK1/LRRK2 dual kinase inhibitors', 'LRRK2/ASK1 dual kinase inhibitors', 'clinical-stage lead product candidate', 'severe acute alcoholic hepatitis', 'SOURCE Seal Rock Therapeutics', 'Apoptosis Signal-reducing Kinase', 'severe alcoholic hepatitis', 'class kinase inhibitors', 'second-generation ASK1 inhibitor SRT-015', 'first-generation ASK1 inhibitors', 'high unmet need', 'Phase 2a trial', 'experienced management team', 'successful drug discovery', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'class product candidate', 'clinical stage company', 'orphan liver diseases', 'commercial milestone payments', 'new, injectable formulation', 'acute liver disease', 'second-generation inhibitor', 'severe diseases', 'liver-selective inhibitor', 'oral formulation', 'tiered royalties', 'licensing deal', 'Neil McDonnell', 'liver-centric activity', 'multi-organ benefits', 'Pascal Prigent', 'liver-preferential distribution', 'track record', 'neurodegenerative conditions', 'Media Contact', 'Rathbun Communications', 'original content', 'class treatments', 'oral SRT-015', 'Julie Rathbun', 'licensing agreement', 'SEATTLE', 'PRNewswire', 'Inc.', 'out', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'development', 'ACLF', 'NASH', 'CEO', 'Parkinson', 'ALS', 'potential', 'breadth', 'evidence', 'opportunity', 'liabilities', 'selonsertib', 'AH.', 'limited', 'available', 'commercialization', 'information', 'multimedia', 'injectable-formulation', 'chronic-liver-disease']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZERION-GROUP-N-V-120380175/news/Azerion-makes-significant-progress-with-the-consolidation-and-integration-of-previous-acquisitions-43994865/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Azerion makes significant progress with the consolidation and integration of previous acquisitions,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  31 May 2023 – Today  Azerion has shared further details on the progress made in consolidating and integrating previously acquired businesses  which led to the launch of new products  market expansions  technological improvement…,Amsterdam  31 May 2023 – Today  Azerion has shared further details on the progress made in consolidating and integrating previously acquired businesses  which led to the launch of new products  market expansions  technological improvements and expected cost savings.Azerion’s initiatives to integrate and consolidate the different technologies  teams  brands  offices and back-office activities have progressed well in Q1 2023 and are expected to result in annualized savings of at least EUR 15 million compared to January 2023 baseline. This is a significant improvement to the previously communicated expectation of at least EUR 10 million annualized savings.After its listing on Euronext Amsterdam in early 2022  Azerion completed several acquisitions  most of them during the second half of last year. Since the beginning of 2023  Azerion has set out as one of its priorities to accelerate the integration of past acquisitions and make Azerion’s platform more efficient and fit to scale up later in 2023. Below some examples of successful integration initiatives:Ad salesOver the last few years Azerion has built direct sales capabilities and expertise across various markets  working closely with advertisers and media agencies to maximise their results.Infinia (audience targeting technology with local direct sales presence in the Iberia and LATAM regions - acquired in March 2022) was rebranded into Azerion and completed the integration of teams  offices and back-office. Furthermore  Infinia’s technical capabilities to create and target audiences to better reach exact audiences has been integrated and shared with other regions and Azerion offices.(audience targeting technology with local direct sales presence in the Iberia and LATAM regions - acquired in March 2022) was rebranded into Azerion and completed the integration of teams  offices and back-office. Furthermore  Infinia’s technical capabilities to create and target audiences to better reach exact audiences has been integrated and shared with other regions and Azerion offices. Hybrid Theory (audience targeting technology with local direct sales presence in the UK  US and APAC regions - acquired in November 2022) has rebranded into Azerion and also merged all its teams into the Azerion teams for the relevant markets. As with Infinia  their technology and knowledge are now used group wide to offer our clients expertise and execution in brand performance marketing.(audience targeting technology with local direct sales presence in the UK  US and APAC regions - acquired in November 2022) has rebranded into Azerion and also merged all its teams into the Azerion teams for the relevant markets. As with Infinia  their technology and knowledge are now used group wide to offer our clients expertise and execution in brand performance marketing. Mmedia (local direct sales presence in the Netherlands - acquired in October 2022) has been further integrated in the Dutch operation  merging sales  publisher and monetization expertise into the Dutch operation.Overall  the sales teams in the UK  Germany  France  Nordics  US  Italy and Benelux regions have further integrated offerings and products and are increasingly selling easy-to-use  brand-safe and competitively priced solutions to advertisers and media agencies  so that they can reach affordable audiences at scale everywhere and receive better outcomes.AdtechAzerion continuously invests in launching creative ad formats and optimising its advertising technology. The focus has been on innovating with unique proprietary ad formats as well as using technology to reduce complexity for advertisers and publishers.TargetSpot (audio ad format technology - acquired in November 2022) has enabled its audio supply technology into Azerion’s wider SSP platform. Product development has been centralized in Amsterdam  while teams in the US and Belgium have been integrated into the relevant Azerion teams. Offices and back-office activities have been merged and centralized.(audio ad format technology - acquired in November 2022) has enabled its audio supply technology into Azerion’s wider SSP platform. Product development has been centralized in Amsterdam  while teams in the US and Belgium have been integrated into the relevant Azerion teams. Offices and back-office activities have been merged and centralized. Vlyby (video ad format technology - acquired in October 2022) has integrated into Azerion’s German operations. It also further integrated with previously acquired company Zoomin (video development) to offer smart content propositions to advertisers and publishers. This new video product is currently under expansion.(video ad format technology - acquired in October 2022) has integrated into Azerion’s German operations. It also further integrated with previously acquired company (video development) to offer smart content propositions to advertisers and publishers. This new video product is currently under expansion. Madvertise (mobile advertising technology - acquired in July 2022) has been integrated into Azerion’s French and German operations  including teams and back-office.Curated contentOne of the key elements of Azerion value proposition is to offer unique reach to advertisers. In order to bring audiences together at scale  Azerion develops its own digital content and partners with thousands of digital publishers. Over the last few years Azerion has built publisher monetization capabilities and expertise  working closely with publishers to maximise their results.AdPlay (publisher monetization services - acquired in November 2022) has integrated into Azerion’s operations in Italy and has been chosen as Azerion’s publisher monetization services offerings for the Italian market.(publisher monetization services - acquired in November 2022) has integrated into Azerion’s operations in Italy and has been chosen as Azerion’s publisher monetization services offerings for the Italian market. Takerate (publisher monetization services - acquired in October 2022) has merged into Adplay  generating the efficiencies relating to sales teams  operations  analytics  development and back- office.Overall  Azerion is further consolidating its publisher monetization services into a single stack. The first step was to consolidate the offerings per region (Italy: Adplay; France: Adverline; US and Nordics: Pubgalaxy; DACH  Benelux and UK: Mmedia; Nordics: Keymobile). Full global integration is expected to be initiated later in 2023.Next stepsThe integration efforts are expected to continue through Q2 and Q3 2023 to make Azerion’s platform more efficient and ready to further scale up. These efforts will include the roll-out of the acquired products and services across all Azerion regions to ensure one single set of offering to advertisers and publishers  as well as rebranding of products and entities and legal mergers and acquired subsidiaries. More updates will be provided over the course of 2023.About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. We bring globally scaled audiences to advertisers in an easy and affordable way through our technology and in a safe  engaging and high quality environment  thanks to our owned and operated content with entertainment and other publishing partners.Having its roots in Europe with its headquarters in Amsterdam  Azerion believes in a personal and local approach and has teams based in over 26 cities around the world to closely support our clients and partners to find and execute creative ways to really make an impact through advertising.Founded in 2014  Azerion is listed as AZRN at the Euronext Amsterdam.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comDISCLAIMERThis communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.This communication may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Azerion to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. Words and expressions such as aims  ambition  anticipates  believes  could  estimates  expects  goals  intends  may  milestones  objectives  outlook  plans  projects  risks  schedules  seeks  should  target  will or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause the actual results  performance or events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this communication. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.Any forward-looking statements reflect Azerion’s current views and assumptions based on information currently available to Azerion’s management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and Azerion does not assume any obligation to update or revise such statements as a result of new information  future events or other information  except as required by law.The interim financial results of Azerion Group N.V. as included in this communication are required to be disclosed pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Senior Secured Callable Fixed Rate Bonds ISIN: SE0015837794.This report has not been reviewed or audited by Azerion’s external auditor.Certain financial data included in this communication consist of alternative performance measures (“non-IFRS financial measures”)  including EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. The non-IFRS financial measures  along with comparable IFRS measures  are used by Azerion’s management to evaluate the business performance and are useful to investors. They may not be comparable to similarly titled measures as presented by other companies  nor should they be considered as an alternative to the historical financial results or other indicators of Azerion Group N.V.’s cash flow based on IFRS. Even though the non-IFRS financial measures are used by management to assess Azerion Group N.V.’s financial position  financial results and liquidity and these types of measures are commonly used by investors  they have important limitations as analytical tools  and the recipients should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of Azerion Group N.V.’s financial position or results of operations as reported under IFRS.For all definitions and reconciliations of non-IFRS financial measures please also refer to www.azerion.com/investors.This report may contain forward-looking non-IFRS financial measures. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking non-IFRS financial measures to the most comparable IFRS financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those non-IFRS financial measures to the most comparable IFRS financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Azerion. Moreover  estimating such IFRS financial measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-IFRS financial measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable IFRS financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Azerion Group N.V.’s consolidated financial statements.This communication does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities or any other financial instruments.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['significant progress', 'previous acquisitions', 'Azerion', 'consolidation', 'integration', 'unique proprietary ad formats', 'local direct sales presence', 'EUR 10 million annualized savings', 'audio ad format technology', 'video ad format technology', 'creative ad formats', 'direct sales capabilities', 'brand performance marketing', 'smart content propositions', 'audio supply technology', 'wider SSP platform', 'new video product', 'mobile advertising technology', 'Ad sales', 'successful integration initiatives', 'relevant Azerion teams', 'video development', 'sales teams', 'cost savings', 'relevant markets', 'Product development', 'technical capabilities', 'new products', 'market expansions', 'technological improvements', 'different technologies', 'January 2023 baseline', 'significant improvement', 'several acquisitions', 'second half', 'past acquisitions', 'various markets', 'media agencies', 'LATAM regions', 'other regions', 'Hybrid Theory', 'APAC regions', 'Dutch operation', 'Benelux regions', 'German operations', 'back-office activities', 'exact audiences', 'affordable audiences', 'last year', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'monetization expertise', 'Azerion offices', 'May', 'details', 'progress', 'businesses', 'launch', 'brands', 'Q1', 'expectation', 'listing', 'beginning', 'priorities', 'examples', 'years', 'advertisers', 'results', 'Infinia', 'Iberia', 'March', 'UK', 'November', 'knowledge', 'group', 'clients', 'execution', 'Mmedia', 'Netherlands', 'October', 'publisher', 'Germany', 'France', 'Nordics', 'Italy', 'offerings', 'safe', 'solutions', 'scale', 'outcomes', 'Adtech', 'focus', 'complexity', 'TargetSpot', 'Belgium', 'Vlyby', 'company', 'Zoomin', 'Madvertise', 'July', 'French']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALNEVA-SE-54466/news/Valneva-to-Present-and-Hold-Investor-Meetings-at-Upcoming-Conferences-in-June-43994777/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Valneva to Present and Hold Investor Meetings at Upcoming Conferences in June,(marketscreener.com) Saint-Herblain   May 31  2023 – Valneva SE   a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its senior management will attend the Jefferies Healthcare Conference   Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference and the Stifel Europe…,"Saint-Herblain (France)  May 31  2023 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced that its senior management will attend the Jefferies Healthcare Conference (June 7-9 in New York)  Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference (June 12-15 in Dana Point  California) and the Stifel European Healthcare Conference (June 28-30 in Bordeaux  France).Valneva will present and meet with institutional investors to discuss the Company’s late-stage vaccine candidate against chikungunya (VLA1553)  which is currently under review by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) with the potential to become the world’s first approved chikungunya vaccine later this year. A regulatory application has also been filed with Health Canada earlier this week1. Valneva will also discuss its Phase 3 Lyme disease vaccine candidate (VLA15) and its currently commercialized vaccine products during the conferences.Jefferies Healthcare Conference: Peter Buhler  Chief Financial Officer of Valneva will present on Wednesday  June 7  2023  at 1.30pm ET. The Presentation will be accessible live via the following link  https://wsw.com/webcast/jeff281/valn/1854710. A replay of the webcast will be available following the live events in the “Investor” section of the Valneva website at www.valneva.com. To request a 1on1 meeting  please contact your Jefferies representative.Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference: The Company will be available for 1on1 investor meetings. To request a meeting  please contact your Goldman Sachs representative.Stifel European Healthcare Conference: Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Executive Officer of Valneva  will participate in 1on1 and small group investor meetings  as well as a roundtable discussion on “Prevention and early detection – Post-COVID perspectives for diagnostics  vaccines & therapeutics ” alongside Emma Walmsley  CEO of GSK; Thierry Bernard  CEO of Qiagen and Chair of AdvaMedDx; Mark Miller  EVP and Chief Medical Officer of bioMerieux; and Dr Jean-Paul Stahl  Head of the Department of Infectious Diseases; University Hospital  Grenoble (France) and former President of the French Infectious Diseases Society.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company focused on the development  manufacturing and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development by focusing on vaccine solutions addressing unmet medical needs to ensure we can make a difference to peoples’ lives. We apply our deep understanding of vaccine science  including our expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  and our established vaccine development capabilities  to develop vaccines against diseases which are not yet vaccine-preventable  or for which there are limited effective treatment options. Today  we are leveraging our expertise and capabilities to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccines into and through the clinic  including candidates against the chikungunya virus and Lyme disease.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099communications@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to regulatory approval of VLA1553 and timing and plans for clinical programs and clinical trials. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in this press release as of the date hereof and disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.1 Valneva Files for Chikungunya Vaccine Authorization with Health Canada - ValnevaAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Investor Meetings', 'Upcoming Conferences', 'Valneva', 'June', 'Goldman Sachs Annual Global Healthcare Conference', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'Phase 3 Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'Stifel European Healthcare Conference', 'small group investor meetings', 'French Infectious Diseases Society', 'Goldman Sachs representative', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'Jefferies Healthcare Conference', 'late-stage vaccine candidate', 'European credit crisis', 'Global Investor Relations', 'European Investor Relations', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Dr Jean-Paul Stahl', 'unmet medical needs', 'effective treatment options', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'multiple vaccine modalities', '1on1 investor meetings', 'specialty vaccine company', 'vaccine development capabilities', 'Global Communications', 'Jefferies representative', 'other factors', 'other things', 'Investor” section', 'vaccine products', 'vaccine solutions', 'vaccine science', 'clinical programs', 'clinical trials', 'chikungunya vaccine', 'regulatory application', 'regulatory approval', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Valneva Investor', 'Euronext Paris', 'senior management', 'New York', 'Dana Point', 'institutional investors', 'Drug Administration', 'Health Canada', 'Peter Buhler', 'following link', 'live events', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'roundtable discussion', 'early detection', 'Post-COVID perspectives', 'Emma Walmsley', 'Thierry Bernard', 'Mark Miller', 'University Hospital', 'former President', 'targeted approach', 'peoples’ lives', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'Ph.D.', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'currency fluctuations', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'chikungunya virus', '1on1 meeting', 'Joshua Drumm', 'similar words', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Valneva SE', 'Valneva website', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'May', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'California', 'June', 'Bordeaux', 'review', 'Food', 'FDA', 'potential', 'world', 'conferences', 'Wednesday', '1.30pm', 'Presentation', 'replay', 'webcast', 'Prevention', 'diagnostics', 'therapeutics', 'CEO', 'GSK', 'Qiagen', 'Chair', 'AdvaMedDx', 'EVP', 'bioMerieux', 'Head', 'Department', 'Grenoble', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'difference', 'expertise', 'candidates', 'business', 'respect', 'timing', 'plans', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'light', 'assurance', 'informati']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELENET-GROUP-HOLDING-NV-5991/news/Telenet-Green-light-from-European-Commission-for-Telenet-Fluvius-partnership-44001546/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Telenet : Green light from European Commission for Telenet Fluvius partnership,(marketscreener.com)  Mechelen  31 May 2023 - Today  Telenet Group Holding NV and Fluvius System Operator CV received the green light from the European Commission for the Telenet-Fluvius cooperation to build the network of the future in Flanders and parts of…,"Mechelen  31 May 2023 - Today  Telenet Group Holding NV (""Telenet"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: TNET) and Fluvius System Operator CV (""Fluvius"") received the green light from the European Commission for the Telenet-Fluvius cooperation to build the network of the future in Flanders and parts of Brussels. This fulfils an important step to finalize the agreement and allows the new infrastructure company  currently under the working name NetCo  to effectively launch early July 2023. Micha Berger will become CEO of NetCo as of closing of the transaction.​​On 19 July 2022  Telenet and Fluvius announced an agreement to jointly build the network of the future. To this end  both parties intend to establish a new infrastructure company (""NetCo"") whose objective is to build the network of the future in Flanders and parts of Brussels.As with most transactions of this size in the EU  NetCo was subject to prior approval by the European Commission.Telenet and Fluvius today received formal clearance from the European Commission approving the transaction. Following this confirmation  Telenet and Fluvius are now expected to close the transaction on 1 July 2023. Telenet will have a 66.8% stake in NetCo with Fluvius owning the remaining 33.2%. NetCo will be fully funded with no dependency on obtaining incremental external financing.NetCo intends to deploy a hybrid network strategy to enable speeds of up to 10 Gbps for all its customers  ensuring they continue to get the best possible network experience. Up to 78% of all homes in Flanders and parts of Brussels are expected to be passed by fiber (FTTH)  with the majority already in the first 8 years. In other areas  NetCo will further upgrade and expand the technology of the Hybrid Fiber Coax (HFC) network. Together  this represents an investment of up to two billion euros.NetCo will operate a fully open access network and will provide non-discriminatory access to it  providing wholesale access to interested retail telecommunications operators  including Telenet and Orange.John Porter  CEO of Telenet: ""I am very happy that the European Commission has given us the green light to build the network of the future together with Fluvius. ​ Our networks are already 90% fiber today and thanks to this cooperation  we will soon also deploy fiber to the last mile where needed. This approval will give new impulses to our economy and will allow our region to take everyone on the digital highway"".Frank Vanbrabant  CEO of Fluvius: ""The European Commission approves the launch of NetCo  which is extremely good news. All the lights are now green: our joint subsidiary with Telenet can start operating in the coming weeks and prepare the roll-out of the data network of the future in the field. As a result  all Flemish families  companies  and authorities are ensured of high-performance data networks that fully support life and enterprise in our society. Not only today and tomorrow  but also the day after tomorrow.""Micha Berger CEOTelenet and Fluvius have also jointly proposed Micha Berger as Chief Executive Officer (CEO) for NetCo as of closing of the transaction. Micha Berger is currently Special Projects Lead at Telenet. ​ Before taking up that role  Micha was Chief Technology and Information Officer (CTIO) at Telenet. ​ He will be confirmed in his new role by the Board of Directors at NetCo's launch.Bio MICHA BERGER (°1970)Micha Berger (°1970) joined the Telenet Group in July 2013. Currently he acts as leader special projects. ​ Before taking up that role  he led the activities of the Engineering Department  the Service Assurance Group and Mobile Services as Chief Technology and Information Officer (""CTIO""). As of July 1  2013  he also joined Telenet's SLT  reporting directly to the Company's CEO. Under his leadership many infrastructure programs were launched like the ""Grote Netwerf"" program which resulted in internet speeds of 1 gigabit per second throughout Flanders and Brussels. As well as the upgrade of the BASE mobile network providing best in class mobile speeds now.​​Micha Berger has worked for Liberty Global since 2006  initially as Manager of the Engineering Department at UPC Nederland. As Vice President at Liberty Global since 2010  he has been responsible for Horizon Next Generation digital TV development and product roll-out. Before these endeavors  he gained his first experience in the cable industry at HOT Israel  where he was responsible for the development of the interactive digital service platform and the roll-out of video-on-demand. ​Micha Berger is married and has 3 kids. ​ Since 10 years he lives in Brussels with his family. In his spare time  he enjoys running and hiking in the Ardennes.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Telenet Fluvius partnership', 'Green light', 'European Commission', 'Horizon Next Generation digital TV development', 'interested retail telecommunications operators', 'interactive digital service platform', 'Fluvius System Operator CV', 'best possible network experience', 'Telenet Group Holding NV', 'Service Assurance Group', 'incremental external financing', 'two billion euros', 'Special Projects Lead', 'leader special projects', 'many infrastructure programs', 'Grote Netwerf"" program', 'hybrid network strategy', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Hybrid Fiber Coax', 'new infrastructure company', 'high-performance data networks', 'The European Commission', 'Bio MICHA BERGER', 'open access network', 'class mobile speeds', 'digital highway', 'Micha Berger CEO', 'first experience', 'new impulses', 'non-discriminatory access', 'wholesale access', 'Information Officer', 'Mobile Services', 'mobile network', 'green light', 'important step', 'working name', 'most transactions', 'formal clearance', 'other areas', 'HFC) network', 'John Porter', 'last mile', 'Frank Vanbrabant', 'good news', 'joint subsidiary', 'coming weeks', 'Flemish families', 'Chief Technology', 'Engineering Department', 'internet speeds', 'Liberty Global', 'UPC Nederland', 'Vice President', 'cable industry', 'HOT Israel', 'spare time', 'new role', 'Telenet-Fluvius cooperation', 'prior approval', 'first 8 years', 'product roll-out', 'Euronext Brussels', '10 years', 'Mechelen', 'May', 'TNET', 'future', 'Flanders', 'parts', 'agreement', 'NetCo', 'closing', '19 July', 'end', 'parties', 'objective', 'size', 'confirmation', '1 July', '66.8% stake', '10 Gbps', 'customers', 'homes', 'FTTH', 'majority', 'investment', 'Orange', 'economy', 'region', 'everyone', 'launch', 'lights', 'field', 'result', 'companies', 'authorities', 'life', 'enterprise', 'society', 'tomorrow', 'Board', 'Directors', 'activities', 'SLT', 'leadership', '1 gigabit', 'second', 'upgrade', 'Manager', 'video', 'demand', '3 kids', 'family', 'Ardennes']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Transaction-in-Own-Shares-44004977/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) : Transaction in Own Shares,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED May 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1 The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMay 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in May 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for May 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in May 2023 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 296 208Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 126 294 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 50231 May 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Average size', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'Total number', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'May', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679712/0/en/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Transaction-in-Own-Shares.html,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) : Transaction in Own Shares,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED May 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT1  The Company announces that pursuant to the general......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDMay 2023 TRANSACTION IN OWN SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT 1The Company announces that pursuant to the general authority granted by shareholders of the Company on 28 May 2019 to make market purchases of its own Ordinary shares  it repurchased 0 Euro shares in May 2023.Figure of the share buy back programme for May 2023Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Aggregate number of transactions conducted in May 2023 00 Average size of the transactions 0 0Following this transaction  the Company has:Euro share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 12 296 208Euro share held in treasury 0 GBP share outstanding excluding share held in treasury 126 294 GBP share held in treasury 0 Total number of shares 12 422 50231 May 2023For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLPEmmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 203 751 5389François-Xavier Baud (London) +44 203 751 5395The Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor Boussard & Gavaudan Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that: all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results; the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; and if you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.1 This report includes the transactions conducted by both BGHL  for the share buy back programme and Exane  for the Liquidity Enhancement Agreement.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Own Shares', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'Transaction', 'Share Buy Back Programme Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Gavaudan Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'closed-ended investment company', 'SECURITIES ACTIVITY REPORT', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'general authority', 'Euro share', 'GBP share', 'market purchases', 'Average size', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'listed securities', 'Ordinary shares', 'Total number', 'necessary approval', 'The Shares', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'BOUSSARD', 'May', 'TRANSACTION', 'shareholders', 'Figure', 'treasury', 'LLP', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Exane', 'Attachment']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43994860/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7009 £ 23.6295 Estimated MTD return -1.41 % -1.25 % Estimated YTD return -3.85 % -3.26 % Estimated ITD return 167.01 % 136.29 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -16.86 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.59 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.3148 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.1641The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43994859/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 30 May 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.7009 £ 23.6295 Estimated MTD return -1.41 % -1.25 % Estimated YTD return -3.85 % -3.26 % Estimated ITD return 167.01 % 136.29 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -16.86 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.59 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 235.3148 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.1641The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2678999/0/en/TECO-2030-and-AVL-Successfully-Complete-Feasibility-Study-on-Industrializing-Heavy-Duty-Truck-Systems.html,TECO 2030 and AVL Successfully Complete Feasibility Study on Industrializing Heavy-Duty Truck Systems,LYSAKER  Norway  May 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO  OTCQX: TECFF  ISIN: NO0010887516) successfully completes feasibility study for developing and industrializing a one-size-fits-all heavy-duty truck fuel cell system.,LYSAKER  Norway  May 31  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO  OTCQX: TECFF  ISIN: NO0010887516) successfully completes feasibility study for developing and industrializing a one-size-fits-all heavy-duty truck fuel cell system.TECO MOTIVE: TECO 2030 may utilize existing supply chain and infrastructure at the Narvik production facility to evaluate the industrialization of a heavy-duty fuel cell truck system for retrofitting the existing truck fleet.The feasibility study was pushed out in time  due to the broader investigation scope regarding product development of an automotive fuel cell system and how it can be industrialized at our existing production facility in Narvik. The results from the feasibility study proved that system performance targets could be met or exceeded while using existing TECO 2030 infrastructure in Narvik and our marine fuel cell technology.Through the study  the parties have investigated how the same fuel cell system packaging can be universally integrated to fit into both an EU 40 ton- and US class 8 heavy duty truck. Our design investigations  complemented by a performance simulation study revealed that we could industrialize a range of automotive fuel cell systems ranging from 280 to 320kW  by utilizing the existing FCM400 supply chain  100kW marine stack technology and reach large production volumes faster with the existing production infrastructure in Narvik.TECO 2030 will deliver 4 x 100kW fuel cell stacks to the ‘AVL Fuel Cell DemoTruck’ project towards the end of 2023. The goal of this project is to validate the stack technology together with AVL’s HyTruck prototype fuel cell module for heavy-duty trucks.TECO 2030 Innovation Center: TECO 2030 has much of the necessary supply chain already secured and production facility for industrializing the heavy-duty truck system at the existing facility in Narvik  Norway.“It is with great pleasure that we complete the feasibility study with AVL  the results represent a significant business opportunity that we would like to be a part of. We are in dialogue with potential investors and off-takers for such a business case  the dialogues are ongoing with OEM’s  Tier 1 suppliers  and other institutional investors  and we are open to discuss the venture with other interested parties as well ” says Tore Enger  Group CEO  TECO 2030. “The business case for this venture holds enormous potential  given that there are millions of heavy-duty trucks worldwide that could be retrofitted with our zero-emission fuel cell system ” Mr. Enger concludes.“We see increasing traction in the adoption of fuel cell technology  in particular in the heavy-duty truck segment. With this project  we want to support one of our customers in bringing vehicles early to the market with a performance and drivability not seen before with fuel cells ” says Juergen Rechberger  Vice President Hydrogen & Fuel Cell  AVL List GmbH.Here is a concept video for TECOMOTIVE.Contact:Tore Enger  Group CEO  +47 920 83 800  tore.enger@teco2030.noAbout TECO 2030 ASA:TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of up to 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.TECO 2030 Striving for an emission-free ocean space YouTube video.Photos and video accompanying this announcement are available at:https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/f884a430-5b4a-42d5-8f3b-37d7ff3f2ddbhttps://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/1efa5389-db05-4030-a8c3-a0471695ab70https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/39ab9951-2f0a-4d32-a80f-0130e3d02d5b,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Complete Feasibility Study', 'Heavy-Duty Truck Systems', 'TECO', 'AVL', 'HyTruck prototype fuel cell module', '4 x 100kW fuel cell stacks', 'Norwegian based clean tech company', 'emission-free ocean space YouTube video', 'same fuel cell system packaging', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks', 'US class 8 heavy duty truck', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules', 'heavy-duty truck fuel cell system', 'heavy-duty fuel cell truck system', 'AVL Fuel Cell DemoTruck’ project', 'automotive fuel cell system', 'zero-emission fuel cell system', 'marine fuel cell technology', '100kW marine stack technology', 'existing FCM400 supply chain', 'first Giga production facility', 'heavy-duty truck system', 'heavy-duty truck segment', 'existing truck fleet', 'existing supply chain', 'necessary supply chain', 'system performance targets', 'other heavy-duty applications', 'broader investigation scope', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'large production volumes', 'existing production facility', 'other institutional investors', 'AVL List GmbH', 'global shipping industry', 'significant business opportunity', 'existing production infrastructure', 'other interested parties', 'TECO 2030 Innovation Center', 'up to 120 MW', 'performance simulation study', 'Narvik production facility', 'existing TECO 2030 infrastructure', 'fuel cells', 'heavy industry', 'existing facility', 'zero-emission technology', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'heavy-duty trucks', 'production capacity', 'concept video', '280 to 320kW', 'potential investors', 'business case', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'feasibility study', 'product development', 'design investigations', 'great pleasure', 'Tier 1 suppliers', 'Group CEO', 'enormous potential', 'increasing traction', 'Juergen Rechberger', 'Vice President', 'output capacity', 'Euronext Growth', 'New York', 'Tore Enger', 'Mr. Enger', 'TECO MOTIVE', 'TECO 2030 ASA', '400 MW', 'LYSAKER', 'Norway', 'OSE', 'OTCQX', 'TECFF', 'ISIN', 'size', 'industrialization', 'results', 'range', 'end', 'goal', 'dialogue', 'takers', 'OEM', 'venture', 'millions', 'adoption', 'customers', 'vehicles', 'market', 'drivability', 'TECOMOTIVE', 'Contact', 'Europe', '1.6 GW', 'ships', 'ticker', 'TECO2030', 'spinoff', 'services', 'information', 'Photos', 'announcement', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom/AttachmentNg', 'efa5389', '2023']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679025/0/en/Vulcan-and-Stellantis-in-Joint-Project-to-Develop-Geothermal-Renewable-Energy-to-Supply-Mulhouse-Plant-in-France.html,Vulcan and Stellantis in Joint Project to Develop Geothermal Renewable Energy to Supply Mulhouse Plant in France,Vulcan and Stellantis in Joint Project to Develop Geothermal Renewable Energy to Supply Mulhouse Plant in France  Vulcan and Stellantis sign fourth......,"Vulcan and Stellantis in Joint Project to Develop Geothermal Renewable Energy to Supply Mulhouse Plant in FranceVulcan and Stellantis sign fourth agreement together after: a binding lithium hydroxide supply agreement signed in 2021 an equity investment and lithium hydroxide supply agreement in 2022 a joint renewable energy project development term sheet for the Stellantis Rüsselsheim plant in Germany signed in 2023Agreement represents first joint project in France for the potential use of geothermal energy to decarbonize and localize the energy supply for Stellantis’ European operationsStellantis’ ambitious decarbonization strategy includes achieving carbon net zero by 2038 with a 50% reduction by end of the decadeVulcan is developing integrated lithium chemicals and geothermal renewable energy production  from its Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project in the Upper Rhine Valley in Germany and France with its sorption-type direct lithium extraction (DLE) optimization plant under construction in Germany following two years of successful pilot plant operationsAgreement with Stellantis increases Vulcan’s decarbonizing impact on the European electric vehicle industry  complementing the carbon avoidance from its Zero Carbon Lithium™ ProjectAMSTERDAM  May 31  2023 – Stellantis N.V. and Vulcan Energy Resources Limited have signed a binding term sheet for the first phase of a multiphase project to develop new geothermal projects aimed at decarbonizing the energy mix of Stellantis’ Mulhouse industrial site in France  which is home to the DS 7  Peugeot 308 and e-308  508  and the new 408. Based upon current assumptions  the project could provide a significant portion of the industrial site’s annual energy needs starting in 2026.“We are proud to announce another step in our partnership with Vulcan  which demonstrates our commitment to increase the use of decarbonized energy solutions across our facilities ” said Arnaud Deboeuf  Stellantis Chief Manufacturing Officer. “Geothermal is one of many solutions we are exploring to achieve our carbon net zero goal by 2038  in alignment with our Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan.”The first phase of the project  located at the southernmost extent of Vulcan’s focus area in the Upper Rhine Valley  will include a pre-feasibility study (PFS) for the construction of geothermal renewable energy assets for Stellantis’ facility  carried out by Vulcan which will also assess potential for lithium production. If successful  the next phase will focus on 3D seismic exploration and more advanced studies and development. Subject to a successful PFS  Stellantis and Vulcan aim to develop the project jointly on a 50:50 basis.In November 2022  Vulcan announced that it had started a number of initiatives to expand its geothermal renewable energy and Zero Carbon Lithium™ business into France and specifically Alsace  which accounts for roughly one third of the Upper Rhine Graben. Vulcan has applied over the Mulhouse area for an exclusive lithium and geothermal license to secure another 480 km² of development area within the Upper Rhine Graben Valley Brine Field.According to the term sheet  Vulcan’s team will perform a lithium mineral resource assessment according to the JORC Code. Vulcan Zero Carbon LithiumTM project is aligned with the creation of the “French Mineral Resources Observatory” that aims to analyse the French critical raw materials resources and provide recommendations for public investment that will be supported by the recently announced new 2 billion euro “French Critical Raw Materials Fund”.Stellantis embraces a holistic approach to decarbonization and is on track to become a carbon net zero corporation  all scopes included  by 2038   with single-digit percentage compensation of remaining emissions. The agreement with Vulcan Energy marks Stellantis’ second potential use of renewable geothermal energy to decarbonize and localize its energy supply at an industrial site.“Vulcan’s core mission is decarbonisation  through renewable energy and carbon neutral lithium supply ” said Vulcan Managing Director and CEO  Dr. Francis Wedin. “Vulcan is here to support Stellantis  our largest lithium customer and one of our major shareholders  to decarbonise its operations in Europe. While we remain focused on our Phase One geothermal-lithium developments in the center of the Upper Rhine Valley Brine Field  this project is a complementary opportunity to expand our future development pipeline to some of the outer lying areas in the Upper Rhine Valley  supported by industrial partners like Stellantis.”“Stellantis is a major industrial player in the automotive sector in the Grand Est. This is why the Region wanted to support the group in its transition to electric. With this strategic partnership  transformation to create the industry of the future and the fight against global warming are taking shape in our Region thanks to a rational exploitation of geothermal energy ” said Franck Leroy  President of the Grand Est Region.The agreement with Stellantis also increases Vulcan’s decarbonizing impact on the European electric vehicle industry  complementing the carbon avoidance from its Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project  and creating shareholder value.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.About VulcanFounded in 2018  Vulcan’s unique Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project aims to decarbonise lithium production  through developing the world’s first net carbon neutral business  with the co-production of renewable geothermal energy on a mass scale. By adapting existing technologies to efficiently extract lithium from geothermal brine  Vulcan aims to deliver a local source of sustainable lithium for Europe  built around a net zero carbon strategy with strict exclusion of fossil fuels. Already an operational renewable energy producer  Vulcan will also provide renewable electricity and heat to local communities. Vulcan’s combined geothermal energy and lithium resource is the largest in Europe18F4  with license areas focused on the Upper Rhine Valley  Germany. Strategically placed in the heart of the European electric vehicle market to decarbonise the supply chain  Vulcan is rapidly advancing the Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project to target timely market entry  with the ability to expand to meet the unprecedented demand that is building in the European markets. Guided by our Values of Integrity  Leadership  Future-focused and Sustainability  and united by a passion for environmentalism and leveraging scientific solutions  Vulcan has a unique  world-leading scientific and commercial team in the fields of lithium chemicals and geothermal renewable energy. Vulcan is committed to partnering with organisations that share its decarbonisation ambitions and has binding lithium offtake agreements with some of the largest cathode  battery  and automakers in the world. As a motivated disruptor  Vulcan aims to leverage its multidisciplinary expert team  leading geothermal technology and position in the European EV supply chain to be a global leader in producing zero fossil fuel  net carbon neutral lithium while being nature positive. Vulcan aims to be the largest  most preferred  strategic supplier of lithium chemicals and renewable power and heating from Europe  for Europe; to empower a net zero carbon future.Contacts:StellantisFernão SilveiraStellantis Global Communications+31 6 43 25 43 41fernao.silveira@stellantis.comValerie GillotStellantis France Communications+33 6 83 92 92 96valerie.gillot@stellantis.comVulcanInternationalAnnabel RoedhammerDirector Communications and Investor Relationsaroedhammer@v-er.eu+49 1511 4101585GermanyMareike InhoffPR Managerminhoff@v-er.euFranceVincent Ledoux Pedaillesvpedailles@v-er.eu+44 7551 522444STELLANTIS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as suh  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.VULCAN DISCLAIMERSome of the statements appearing in this announcement may be in the nature of forward-looking statements. You should be aware that such statements are only predictions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Those risks and uncertainties include factors and risks specific to the industries in which Vulcan operates and proposes to operate as well as general economic conditions  prevailing exchange rates and interest rates and conditions in the financial markets  among other things. Actual events or results may differ materially from the events or results expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee or representation as to future performance or any other future matters  which will be influenced by a number of factors and subject to various uncertainties and contingencies  many of which will be outside Vulcan’s control.Vulcan does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after today's date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. No representation or warranty  express or implied  is made as to the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the information  opinions or conclusions contained in this announcement. To the maximum extent permitted by law  none of Vulcan  its Directors  employees  advisors or agents  nor any other person  accepts any liability for any loss arising from the use of theinformation contained in this announcement. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements in this announcement reflect views held only as at the date of this announcement.This announcement is not an offer  invitation or recommendation to subscribe for  or purchase securities by Vulcan. Nor does this announcement constitute investment or financial product advice (nor tax  accounting or legal advice) and is not intended to be used for the basis of making an investment decision. Investors should obtain their own advice before making any investment decision.Competent Person Statement:The information in this report that relates to Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (respectively) of the Company's Zero Carbon LithiumTM is extracted from the ASX announcements made by Vulcan on 15 December 2020 (""Updated Ortenau Indicated and Inferred Resource"") and 15 January 2021 (""Positive Pre-Feasibility Study"")  which are available on www.v-er.eu. The information in this report that relates to Insheim's Mineral Resources is extracted from the ASX announcement made by Vulcan on 20 January 2020 (""Maiden Indicated Resource Insheim Vulcan Zero Carbon Lithium"")  which is available on www.v-er.eu. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcements and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcements continue to apply and have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcements.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Geothermal Renewable Energy', 'Joint Project', 'Mulhouse Plant', 'Vulcan', 'Stellantis', 'Supply', 'France', 'Upper Rhine Graben Valley Brine Field', 'joint renewable energy project development term sheet', 'French Critical Raw Materials Fund', 'French critical raw materials resources', 'Upper Rhine Valley Brine Field', 'Vulcan Zero Carbon LithiumTM project', 'binding lithium hydroxide supply agreement', 'French Mineral Resources Observatory', 'lithium mineral resource assessment', 'Zero Carbon Lithium™ business', 'carbon net zero goal', 'carbon net zero corporation', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'carbon neutral lithium supply', 'Zero Carbon Lithium™ Project', 'Stellantis Chief Manufacturing Officer', 'Phase One geothermal-lithium developments', 'geothermal renewable energy assets', 'Stellantis Rüsselsheim plant', 'successful pilot plant operations', 'Vulcan Energy Resources Limited', 'European electric vehicle industry', 'geothermal renewable energy production', 'binding term sheet', 'Stellantis’ Mulhouse industrial site', 'integrated lithium chemicals', 'largest lithium customer', 'renewable geothermal energy', 'DLE) optimization plant', 'first joint project', 'annual energy needs', '3D seismic exploration', 'single-digit percentage compensation', 'Dr. Francis Wedin', 'outer lying areas', 'new geothermal projects', 'decarbonized energy solutions', 'future development pipeline', 'major industrial player', 'ambitious decarbonization strategy', 'Stellantis’ European operations', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Vulcan Managing Director', 'second potential use', 'Grand Est Region', 'lithium production', 'energy supply', 'Mulhouse Plant', 'carbon avoidance', 'exclusive lithium', 'development area', 'energy mix', 'one third', 'first phase', 'multiphase project', 'geothermal license', 'Mulhouse area', 'industrial partners', 'many solutions', 'next phase', 'successful PFS', 'major shareholders', 'strategic partnership', 'fourth agreement', 'equity investment', 'two years', 'decarbonizing impact', 'current assumptions', 'significant portion', 'Arnaud Deboeuf', 'southernmost extent', 'focus area', 'pre-feasibility study', 'advanced studies', 'JORC Code', 'public investment', 'holistic approach', 'remaining emissions', 'core mission', 'complementary opportunity', 'automotive sector', 'global warming', 'rational exploitation', 'Franck Leroy', 'Stellantis’ facility', 'France', 'Germany', '50% reduction', 'end', 'decade', 'construction', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Peugeot', 'step', 'commitment', 'facilities', 'alignment', '50:50 basis', 'November', 'number', 'initiatives', 'Alsace', '480 km²', 'team', 'creation', 'track', 'scopes', 'decarbonisation', 'CEO', 'center', 'group', 'transition', 'transformation', 'fight', 'shape', 'President']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENFIT-16311755/news/GENFIT-Further-Strengthens-its-ACLF-Franchise-with-a-Third-Clinical-Stage-Asset-44005879/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,GENFIT Further Strengthens its ACLF Franchise with a Third Clinical-Stage Asset,(marketscreener.com) Exclusive worldwide rights licensed from Seal Rock Therapeutics for injectable formulation of ASK1 Inhibitor SRT-015 in acute liver diseasePreclinical and clinical evidence support ASK1 inhibition as a relevant therapeutic strategy in mul…,E xclusive worldwide rights licensed from Seal Rock Therapeutics for injectable formulation of ASK1 Inhibitor SRT-015 in acute liver diseasePreclinical and clinical evidence support ASK1 inhibition as a relevant therapeutic strategy in multi- system disorder s such as A cute - on - C hronic L iver F ailure (ACLF)Fi r st-in- H uman study planned in the second half of 2024 to support a Proof-of-Concept study in ACLF patients as early as 2025No material impact on previously guided cash runway : company funding remains secured until the fourth quarter of 2024 1GENFIT’s ACLF franchise now comprises 3 assets (VS-01  NTZ  SRT-015) based on differentiated mechanisms of action leveraging complementary pathwaysLille (France); Cambridge (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); May 31  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs  today announced it has licensed the exclusive worldwide rights of ASK1 Inhibitor SRT-015 (injectable formulation in acute liver disease2) from Seal Rock Therapeutics  a Seattle  Washington (USA) based clinical stage company developing first-in-class and best-in-class kinase inhibitors.ASK1 inhibition: a therapeutic strategy with multi-system benefitsASK1 inhibition has shown several potentially beneficial effects that may be relevant in ACLF  such as blocking LPS (lipopolysaccharide) associated hyperinflammatory response  reducing the ROS (Reactive Oxygen Species)-related immune response  reducing apoptosis  reducing release of the proinflammatory cytokines  reducing fibrosis  and protecting macrophage mitochondrial function.Multi-organ benefits have been observed in several animal models and clinical trials 3:In kidney diseases  ASK1 modulation limits renal inflammation  apoptosis and fibrosisIn liver diseases  ASK1 modulation prevents hepatocyte death  inflammation and fibrosisIn brain disorders  ASK1 modulation limits neurodegenerationIn inflammatory diseases  ASK1 modulation limits damaging immune responses  andIn cardiopulmonary disease  ASK1 modulation slows the onset of heart failure.Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT commented: “We are excited to be announcing this licensing deal which marks an additional milestone in the execution of our development strategy in liver diseases with high unmet medical needs. ACLF is a complex disorder that will likely require the combination of different approaches and with this acquisition  we continue to strengthen our leadership in this indication. We now have a unique portfolio of three differentiated clinical stage programs in ACLF. Considering its liver-centric activity  the potential for multi-organ benefits and the breadth of evidence supporting further development in ACLF  we strongly believe in the potential of SRT-015.”Under the agreement  Seal Rock Therapeutics is eligible for payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royalties.Other assets in GENFIT’s ACLF franchiseIn ACLF  whose market size has been estimated by IQVIA to reach almost $4 billion in the US and in the five main European countries by 2030  GENFIT is developing two other assets: VS-01 and NTZ.VS-01VS-01 is currently being evaluated in the international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase 2  open-label  randomized  controlled  multi-center  proof of concept study to assess its efficacy  safety  and tolerability in addition to standard of care (SOC)  compared to SOC alone  in adult patients with ACLF grades 1 and 2 and ascites.IND (Investigational New Drug) was in effect as of April 17  2023  and the first patient is expected to be screened and enrolled in the Phase 2 trial in the coming days. It is planned that approximately 60 adult patients with ACLF grades 1 and 2 will be enrolled in this trial. Patients will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive either daily intraperitoneal administration of VS-01 over 4 days on top of SOC (active treatment group) or SOC alone (control group).The primary objective of the study is to measure efficacy using the Chronic Liver Failure Consortium (CLIF-C) ACLF4 score at day 7.Data expected to be available in the first half of 2024 should support preparation of further testing of efficacy. Given the high unmet need in this indication and the Orphan Drug Designation obtained from the US Food and Drug Administration for VS-01  it is expected that the program qualifies for some of the expedited regulatory pathways provided by health authorities.NTZPreliminary data from two Phase 1 studies recently conducted in subjects with renal impairment and subjects with hepatic impairment supported a favorable safety and tolerability profile. Taken together  safety and pharmacokinetic results  as well as exploratory pharmacodynamic data  support further clinical development of NTZ in patients with ACLF  and a Phase 2a proof of concept study with NTZ in patients with ACLF grades 1 and 2 is currently under discussion with the FDA.ABOUT ACLFAcute-on-Chronic Liver Failure is a rare  life-threatening  but potentially reversible condition of varied etiology. ACLF is recognized clinically as a syndrome  globally defined by multi-organ dysfunction and failure in patients with chronic liver disease or liver cirrhosis and high short-term mortality within a period of 28 to 90 days.Patients with cirrhosis may initially be compensated. With progression  many patients will go on to have acute decompensation of cirrhosis characterized by the rapid development of complications such as ascites  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  gastrointestinal hemorrhage  or bacterial infection  which are very common causes of hospitalization. On admission  approximately 30% of these patients will develop liver and/or other organ failure(s) (i.e  brain  kidneys  cardiovascular and respiratory) and will be considered as having ACLF.5 6 7 8 9ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via seven programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorders (UCD)  organic acidemias (OA) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comABOUT SEAL ROCK THERAPEUTICSSeal Rock Therapeutics is a privately held  clinical stage company based in Seattle focused on developing first-in-class and best-in-class treatments for severe diseases with limited or no available therapies. Seal Rock is led by an experienced management team with a track record of successful drug discovery  development  and commercialization. The company’s clinical-stage lead product candidate  SRT-015  is a highly optimized  first-in-class ASK1 inhibitor. Seal Rock is also developing preclinical-stage brain-penetrant ASK1/LRRK2 dual kinase inhibitors for the treatment of neurodegenerative conditions such as Parkinson’s disease and ALS.GENFIT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  in relation to the potential  efficacy  safety  tolerability  regulatory milestones and development and data timelines for SRT-015  VS-01 and NTZ  and the overall market size and prevalence of ACLF. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “targeted”  “anticipated”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 18  2023  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 18  2023. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel : + 33 3 20 16 40 00 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie BOYER – Press relations | Tel : + 33 3 20 16 40 00 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com1 Based on current assumptions  excluding exceptional events and in particular  potential milestone payments  which GENFIT would receive  should the ELATIVE® study be successful2 GENFIT acquired the rights of SRT-015 for use in liver disease in which injectable therapy is intended to be administered for a period of 21 consecutive days or less  including the management of ACLF during such a period3 ASK1 inhibition: a therapeutic strategy with multi-system benefits: Journal of Molecular Medicine (2020)4 The EASL-CLIF Consortium is a network of more than a hundred of European University Hospitals which carry out clinical investigations of the EASL-CLIF Chair aimed at performing large observational  pathophysiological and therapeutic studies to increase our understanding of Chronic Liver Failure and to improve the management of patients with cirrhosis.5 Arroyo V et al.  J Hepatol  2015  62(1 Suppl)  S131-S1436 Malik R et al.  J Hepatol  2009  51(3)  426-97 Olson JC et al.  Hepatology  2011  54(5)  1864-728 Jalan R et al.  J Hepatol  2012  57(6)  1336-489 Wlodzimirow KA et al.  Liver International  2013  33(1)  40-42Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.15,0.45,True,English,"['Third Clinical-Stage Asset', 'ACLF Franchise', 'GENFIT', 'C hronic L iver F ailure', 'Reactive Oxygen Species)-related immune response', 'open-label, randomized, controlled, multi-center, proof', 'three differentiated clinical stage programs', 'five main European countries', 'several potentially beneficial effects', 'high unmet medical needs', 'E xclusive worldwide rights', 'multi- system disorder s', 'Chronic Liver Failure Consortium', 'high unmet need', 'exclusive worldwide rights', 'several animal models', 'clinical stage company', 'Seal Rock Therapeutics', 'macrophage mitochondrial function', 'CLIF-C) ACLF4 score', 'international UNVEIL-IT™ Phase', 'two Phase 1 studies', 'Phase 2a proof', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Investigational New Drug', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'acute liver disease', 'daily intraperitoneal administration', 'active treatment group', 'expedited regulatory pathways', 'H uman study', 'class kinase inhibitors', 'exploratory pharmacodynamic data', 'relevant therapeutic strategy', 'severe liver diseases', 'ASK1 Inhibitor SRT', 'commercial milestone payments', 'two other assets', 'hyperinflammatory response', 'immune responses', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'Drug Administration', 'heart failure', 'complex disorder', 'clinical trials', 'company funding', 'cardiopulmonary disease', 'complementary pathways', 'additional milestone', 'control group', 'clinical development', 'clinical evidence', 'Phase 2 trial', 'ASK1 inhibition', 'ASK1 modulation', 'injectable formulation', 'A cute', 'second half', 'Concept study', 'material impact', 'cash runway', 'fourth quarter', 'United States', 'multi-system benefits', 'proinflammatory cytokines', 'Multi-organ benefits', 'kidney diseases', 'hepatocyte death', 'brain disorders', 'Pascal Prigent', 'licensing deal', 'development strategy', 'different approaches', 'unique portfolio', 'liver-centric activity', 'tiered royalties', 'market size', 'first patient', 'primary objective', 'first half', 'health authorities', 'Preliminary data', 'renal impairment', 'hepatic impairment', 'pharmacokinetic results', 'renal inflammation', 'coming days', 'US Food', 'tolerability profile', 'ACLF franchise', 'ACLF grades', 'adult patients', 'favorable safety', 'ACLF patients', '3 assets', '4 days', 'Preclinical', 'GENFIT', 'VS', 'NTZ', 'action', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'rare', 'Seattle', 'Washington', 'USA', 'LPS', 'lipopolysaccharide', 'apoptosis', 'release', 'fibrosis', 'neurodegeneration', 'onset', 'CEO', 'execution', 'combination', 'acquisition', 'leadership', 'indication', 'breadth', 'agreement', 'IQVIA', 'efficacy', 'standard', 'care', 'SOC', 'ascites', 'April', '1:1 ratio', 'top', 'preparation', 'testing', 'subjects', '2024']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAPID-NUTRITION-PLC-123894197/news/Rapid-Nutrition-Signs-EUR-3-million-Funding-Agreement-with-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC-43994574/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Rapid Nutrition : Signs EUR 3 million Funding Agreement with Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,"(marketscreener.com) ) where: is the Synthetic Stock Borrow Value; and    is the Market Value.   ""Final Settlement Date"" means  in respect of the First Tranche or the Second Tranche  as applicable  the first date on which a repayment pursuant to Condi…","London  United Kingdom - May 31  2023 - Rapid Nutrition PLC (Euronext Growth: ALRPD)  a natural wellness company focused on organic wholefood-based nutrition and science-based herbal products  recently completed a financing commitment of up to EUR 3 million with Atlas Special Opportunities. The new investment will support potential acquisition activity for Rapid Nutrition. London-based investment fund Atlas Capital Markets directs Atlas Special Opportunities LLC as a joint venture investment vehicle.The investment is in the form of a monthly amortised 12 month note with the possibility to accelerate the conversion repayment (3/12) during the tenor of the bonds  with funding will being delivered in two tranches with EUR 1 million for growth opportunities in key focus markets for Rapid Nutrition and the remaining funds to be allotted if a valuable acquisition opportunity that complements the company's business model is identified. Both funds are at the sole discretion of Rapid Nutrition.Rapid Nutrition CEO Simon St. Ledger said  ""With deep resources and excellent alignment with our company's corporate strategy and goals  Atlas Special Opportunities will support Rapid Nutrition's continued trajectory of growth. After removing all long-term debts in 2022  we are laser-focused on expansion in 2023  including additional products for our growing global wellness portfolio. This opportunity will enhance both shareholder and customer value alike.""At its sole discretion  Rapid Nutrition may offer Atlas Special Opportunities warrants with an exercise price for the first tranche of Euro 0.05 and for the second tranche of Euro 0.10  subject to adjustment as per warrant terms and conditions. This move  in conjunction with gradual monthly conversion mechanism reaffirms alignment between Rapid Nutrition and ASO.""We have been closely watching Rapid Nutrition and have observed how the company has successfully navigated the pandemic and continued to attract highly experienced talent to its team. The growth in the health and nutrition industry has been incredible over the past few years and we don't expect demand to ease as consumers become more health-conscious. We believe the current market capitalisation leaves room for significant upside and are delighted to have secured this partnership and support Rapid Nutrition's growth "" said Mustapha Raddi Managing Partner  ASO.With continued global demand for organic health and wellness products  Rapid Nutrition has grown distribution  partnerships and ecommerce options with the aim of accelerated market penetration.In 2023  Rapid Nutrition plans expand into focus markets in Asia and this growth capital funding will support inventory and manufacturing models optimised to support the group's margins.About Atlas:Atlas Capital Markets (""ACM"") is an investment fund based in London  founded in 2012 by Mustapha Raddi. In 2016 Atlas Capital Markets created a joint venture investment vehicles Atlas Special Opportunities LLC (""ASO"") and Arena Structured Private Investment (""ASPI"") with Arena Investors LP  an investment company based out of New York with $4 billion under management. Since inception in 2012  ACM has committed over $700 million into investments that typically range from $5 to $50 million. ACM has closed and funded more than 80+ transactions in Europe   USA and ASIA .About Rapid NutritionDedicated to the development and distribution of premium  science-based health and wellness brands across the globe  Rapid Nutrition shares a wealth of award-winning products with consumers who are passionate about innovations that are ""made by nature  refined by science."" Rapid Nutrition's first-class scientific team matches the experience of its management team to keep both the company and consumers on top of the latest industry trends and developments  while aligning with industry leaders worldwide to deliver effective supplements and solutions. Rapid Nutrition aims to be the supplier of choice globally by offering premium brands with the highest-quality ingredients to deliver maximum results.For more information  please visit http://rnplc.comInvestor Relations Contact:ir@rnplc.comDisclosuresThe Issuer may at its sole discretion (and has no obligation under this Agreement to) issue the Convertible Bonds in the maximum aggregate principal amount of EUR 3 090 000 (including the Commission) in up to two tranches (each  a ""Tranche"") as follows:(i) the first Tranche shall consist of No. 109 Convertible Bonds  each with a denomination of Euro 10 000  with a principal aggregate amount equal to Euro 1 090 000 (including the Commission) (the ""First Tranche""); and (ii) the second Tranche shall consist of No. 200 Convertible Bonds  each with a denomination of Euro 10 000  with a principal aggregate amount equal to Euro 2 000 000 (the ""Second Tranche"").At the Issuer's discretion in accordance with recital this Agreement  Warrants will be issued with each Tranche on a pro rata basis  having a notional value of fifty (50) per cent of the principal amount of Convertible Bonds that are issued under the relevant Tranche  entitling the Subscriber to subscribe for Shares (subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 4 of the terms and conditions of the Warrants). The exercise price for the Warrants attached to the First Tranche will Euro 0.05  and for the Warrants attached to the Second Tranche  Euro 0.10  in each case subject to adjustment as per the terms and conditions of the Warrants.Undertakings of the IssuerThe Issuer undertakes and guarantees to the Subscriber that:it will bear and pay (i) any stamp or other duties or Taxes  including interest and penalties  payable on or in connection with the issue of the Convertible Bonds and the execution of this Agreement or its enforcement or the Transaction Documents or the performance by the Issuer of its obligations under the Convertible Bonds or this Agreement  and (ii) any value added  turnover or similar tax payable in connection with any amount payable and due by the Issuer by it under this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the transactions envisaged by this Agreement;subject to prior approval by the Subscriber  it shall not  and shall procure that none of its Subsidiaries shall  take any action which would be reasonably expected to result in the delisting or suspension of the Shares on the Principal Market and it shall comply at all times in all material respects with the regulations of the Principal Market;save as provided for under the terms of this Agreement  during the period starting from the date of this Agreement to the day falling sixty (60) calendar days after the end of the Long Stop Date  the Issuer will not directly or indirectly agrees to sell  transfer  pledge  lien  charge  grant security or an option over  or enter into any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect  or in any way  whether directly or indirectly  dispose of the legal title to or beneficial interest in its shares  or publicly disclose the intention to make any sale  transfer  pledge  lien  charge  grant or offer;it will submit an application to list the Conversion Share  upon delivery of the Conversion Notice by the Subscriber  at the latest on the second Trading Day following the delivery of the Conversion Notice;it will use the Subscription Price for the Purpose only;it will compensate the Subscriber either in cash or by the issuance of Shares for any shortfall resulting from the Market Value on the relevant Final Settlement Date being less than the Synthetic Stock Borrow Value; the amount of such compensation (the ""Shortfall Amount"") shall be equal to:110% x ((A) - (B))where:(A) is the Synthetic Stock Borrow Value; and(B) is the Market Value.""Final Settlement Date"" means  in respect of the First Tranche or the Second Tranche  as applicable  the first date on which a repayment pursuant to Condition of the Convertible Bonds results in repayment in full of the First Tranche (including accrued interest) or Second Tranche (including accrued interest)  as the case may be;""Market Value"" means the product of (i) the Relevant Shares and (ii) 95% of the lowest Volume Weighted Average Price of a Share  as published by Bloomberg  in the period of 10 Trading Days ending on the Trading Day falling immediately before the relevant Final Settlement Date;""Relevant Shares"" means the number of Shares resulting from the conversion of Convertible Bonds having an aggregate principal amount equal to the Synthetic Stock Borrow Value on the issue date of the First Tranche or the Second Tranche  as the case may be  at a price equal to 95% of the lowest Volume Weighted Average Price of a Share  as published by Bloomberg  in the period of 10 Trading Days ending on the Trading Day falling immediately before the First Tranche Issue Date (in the case ofthe First Tranche) or the Second Tranche Issue Date (in the case of the Second Tranche).Monthly Amortisation of the Convertible BondsSubject as provided in this Conditions  on the date falling one month after relevant the Issue Date and on each one month anniversary thereafter ending on (and including) the relevant Maturity Date  or (if earlier) the first date on which a repayment pursuant to this Condition results in repayment in full of the relevant Convertible Bonds (each such date  a "" Scheduled Amortisation Payment Date "")  the Issuer shall repay each outstanding Convertible Bond in instalments per Convertible Bond equal to one-twelfth of the Initial Total  together with accrued and unpaid interest (rounded to the nearest €1) on the Convertible Bonds to (but excluding) the relevant Scheduled Amortisation Payment Date (each an "" Amortised Payment Amount "").The Holder may  at its option on one occasion only  require that the Issuer repays on the relevant Scheduled Amortisation Payment Date (as specified by the Holder) an amount equal to three-twelfths of the Initial Total (instead of one-twelfth) by notice in writing to the Issuer not less than 1 Trading Day prior to the relevant Scheduled Amortisation Payment Date (and where this paragraph applies the relevant Amortised Payment Amount shall be calculated by reference to three-twelfths of the Initial Total instead of one-twelfth).Any repayment of the Convertible Bonds pursuant to this Condition shall be effected in cash in Euro or  at the option of the Issuer by notice in writing to the Holders not less than 11 Trading Days before the relevant Scheduled Amortisation Payment Date  by issuing and delivering Ordinary Shares (the "" Share Settlement Election ""). If the Issuer makes a Share Settlement Election  the number of Ordinary Shares to be issued and delivered shall be determined by dividing the Amortised Payment Amount by the Issuer Conversion Price.The issue and/or delivery of Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the Conversion Right shall be effected as provided or specified in these Conditions and in accordance with the requirements of applicable law and regulation. The Holder must notify the Issuer of the account to which cash and/or Ordinary Shares to be paid or delivered pursuant to the Conditions shall be paid or delivered  as the case may be The Ordinary Shares will be delivered on the relevant Scheduled Amortisation Payment Date.Early Redemption at the option of the IssuerOn giving not less than 10 nor more than 30 days' notice (an ""Optional Redemption Notice"") to the Holder in accordance with the conditions  the Issuer may redeem all but not some only of the Convertible Bonds outstanding on the date (the ""Optional Redemption Date"") specified in the Optional Redemption Notice at the Optional Redemption Price.The "" Optional Redemption Price "" means 100% of the principal amount of the outstanding Convertible Bonds  together with an amount equal to all interest scheduled to be paid on the relevant outstanding Convertible Bonds from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. For purposes of calculating the Optional Redemption Price  the Reference Rate applicable in respect of any Interest Period beginning on or after the Optional Redemption Date shall be the Reference Rate applying immediately before the Optional Redemption Date.Conversion of First Tranche Convertible Bonds on the Issue DateOn the Issue Date in respect of the First Tranche (as this term is defined in the Agreement)  €204 947.25 in principal amount of the Convertible Bonds will be automatically converted into a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of Relevant Shares (as such terms is defined in the Agreement)  subject only to delivery to the Issuer by the Holder of a Conversion Notice on or before the Issue Date of the First Tranche.Conversion of Second Tranche Convertible Bonds on the Issue DateOn the Issue Date in respect of the Second Tranche (as this term is defined in the Agreement)  an amount equal to 2/12 of the aggregate principal amount of the Second Tranche Convertible Bonds (together with interest payable thereunder) will be automatically converted into a number of Ordinary Shares equal to the number of Relevant Shares (as such terms is defined in the Agreement)  subject only to delivery to the Issuer by the Holder of a Conversion Notice on or before the Issue Date of the Second Tranche. The Ordinary Shares to be issued following such conversion pursuant to this Conditions will be delivered on the fourth Trading Day following the Issue Date (or  if later  following the date of delivery of the relevant Conversion Notice by the Holder).The Ordinary Shares to be issued following such conversion pursuant to this Conditions will be delivered on the fourth Trading Day following the Issue Date (or  if later  following the date of delivery of the relevant Conversion Notice by the Holder).The Convertible Bonds shall have a maturity of 12 months from the Issue Date (the "" Maturity Date "")  subject to the amortisation of the Convertible Bonds pursuant to the agreement. The Convertible Bonds may also be redeemed before the Maturity Date pursuant to the terms and conditions (the "" Conditions "").The Convertible Bonds shall be subscribed at a fixed price equal to 95% of the principal amount thereof.The Holder may transfer its Convertible Bonds in accordance with the Convertible Bond.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and or otherwise that involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause Rapid Nutrition PLCs actual results and experience to differ materially from anticipated results and expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Rapid Nutrition PLC has in some cases identified forward-looking statements by using words such as ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""hopes "" ""estimates "" ""looks "" ""expects "" ""plans "" ""intends "" ""goal "" ""potential "" ""may "" ""suggest "" and similar expressions. Rapid Nutrition PLC undertakes no obligation to release publicly the results of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as required by applicable law or regulation.This media information does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. This information does not constitute an offering prospectus within the meaning within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 of June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  and repealing Directive 2003/71 or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the Euronext Exchange or OTC Markets. The media release is in accordance with International Reporting Standard: Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Securities Exchange Act ('Rule 12g3-2(b)') permits non-U.S. companies with securities listed primarily on a Qualified Foreign Exchange to make publicly available to U.S investors in English the same information that is made publicly available in their home countries as an alternative to SEC reporting Exchange Act Rule 12g3-2(b).",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['EUR 3 million Funding Agreement', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Rapid Nutrition', 'joint venture investment vehicle', 'Arena Structured Private Investment', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Mustapha Raddi Managing Partner', 'growing global wellness portfolio', 'gradual monthly conversion mechanism', 'Atlas Special Opportunities warrants', 'maximum aggregate principal amount', 'Arena Investors LP', 'principal aggregate amount', 'potential acquisition activity', 'Simon St. Ledger', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'pro rata basis', 'fifty (50) per cent', 'Atlas Capital Markets', 'current market capitalisation', 'latest industry trends', 'key focus markets', 'science-based herbal products', 'London-based investment fund', 'valuable acquisition opportunity', 'first-class scientific team', 'No. 109 Convertible Bonds', 'No. 200 Convertible Bonds', 'organic wholefood-based nutrition', 'premium, science-based health', 'Rapid Nutrition PLC', 'Rapid Nutrition CEO', 'natural wellness company', 'growth capital funding', 'conversion repayment', 'growth opportunities', 'wellness products', 'maximum results', 'new investment', 'wellness brands', 'nutrition industry', 'global demand', 'organic health', 'market penetration', 'premium brands', 'industry leaders', 'additional products', 'investment company', 'award-winning products', 'United Kingdom', 'financing commitment', '12 month note', 'two tranches', 'business model', 'deep resources', 'corporate strategy', 'long-term debts', 'customer value', 'exercise price', 'warrant terms', 'experienced talent', 'significant upside', 'ecommerce options', 'manufacturing models', 'New York', '80+ transactions', 'effective supplements', 'highest-quality ingredients', 'notional value', 'sole discretion', 'first tranche', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Growth', 'remaining funds', 'excellent alignment', 'continued trajectory', 'management team', 'May', 'ALRPD', 'form', 'possibility', 'tenor', 'goals', 'expansion', 'shareholder', 'adjustment', 'conditions', 'move', 'conjunction', 'ASO', 'pandemic', 'past', 'years', 'consumers', 'room', 'partnership', 'distribution', 'aim', 'Asia', 'inventory', 'group', 'margins', 'ACM', 'ASPI', 'inception', 'investments', 'Europe', 'USA', 'development', 'globe', 'wealth', 'innovations', 'nature', 'top', 'solutions', 'supplier', 'choice', 'Disclosures', 'Issuer', 'obligation', 'Agreement', 'Commission', 'denomination', 'accordance', 'recital']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2678994/0/en/Ipsen-Description-of-the-regulatory-framework-of-the-share-repurchase-program-to-be-approved-at-the-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-on-31-May-2023.html,Ipsen - Description of the regulatory framework of the share repurchase program to be approved at the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on 31 May 2023,REGULATED INFORMATION         Description of the regulatory framework of the share repurchase programproposed by the Board of Directors to be approved...,English FrenchREGULATED INFORMATIONDescription of the regulatory framework of the share repurchase programproposed by the Board of Directors to be approved at theCombined Shareholders’ Meeting on 31 May 2023(15th resolution)Boulogne-Billancourt (France)  on 31 May 2023 - In accordance with the provisions of Article L.22-10-62 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  the European Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014  the Delegated Regulation No 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016  and the General Regulation of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the present description aims to describe the objectives and characteristics of the repurchase by the Company of its own shares  that it could in theory implement. This repurchase is proposed to the authorization of today’s (31 May 2023) Combined Shareholders’ Meeting in its 15th resolution. The preliminary notice of meeting  including the agenda and the draft resolutions  has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 21 April 2023 and the notice of meeting in the BALO on 12 May 2023.Date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called to authorize the repurchase of IPSEN’s own shares:The authorization for the Company to repurchase its own shares is proposed to the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting today  31 May 2023  in its 15th resolution.Characteristics of the share repurchase program proposed to the approval of the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting:Objectives:The objectives of the share repurchase program to be proposed at today’s (31 May 2023) Shareholders’ Meeting are to:stimulate the secondary market or ensure the liquidity of Ipsen shares through the activities of an investment service provider in the form of a liquidity agreement compliant with the practices authorized under the regulations  it being specified that within this context  the number of shares used to calculate the below-mentioned limit corresponds to the number of shares purchased  decreased by the number of shares sold;retain the purchased shares and subsequently deliver them for an exchange in the context of a merger  demerger or contribution or a payment related to possible external growth transactions;ensure the hedging of stock option plans and/or free shares plans (or similar plans) in favor of Group employees and/or corporate officers (including affiliated companies or economic interest groups) as well as all allocations of shares under a Company or Group savings plan (or a similar plan)  as part of the sharing of the Company’s profits and/or all other forms of allocation of shares to Group employees and/or corporate officers;ensure the coverage of negotiable securities giving rights to the allocation of Company shares in accordance with the regulations in force;possibly cancel acquired shares  in accordance with the authorization granted or to be granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting.Characteristics :These share purchases  sales  transfers or exchanges may be carried out by all means  including on the market or off-market  by multilateral trading facilities or through systematic internalizers  over-the-counter  including through the acquisition or sale of blocks of securities  and at any times as the Board shall see fit.The Company would reserve the right to use options or derivative instruments in accordance with applicable regulations. The transactions could not be carried out during a public offer period initiated by a third party for the Company’s shares and until the end of the offer period.Maximum amount of share capital that could be acquired  maximum number and characteristics of the corresponding shares  maximum repurchase price:The maximum percentage of shares that might be repurchased pursuant to the authorization proposed to the Shareholders’ Meeting on 31 May 2023 is set  in accordance with Articles L.22-10-62 et seq and L.225-210 of the French Commercial Code  at a possible repurchase within the limit of a maximum number of shares that may not represent more than 10 % of the total number of shares comprising the share capital (i.e.  8 381 452 shares as of today)  specifying that this limit is considered as of the date of the repurchases  adjusted  if applicable  to take into account the potential share capital increases or reduction that may occur during the period covered by the program. The number of shares taken into account for the calculation of this limit corresponds to the number of shares repurchased  deducted by the number of shares sold during the program in connection with the liquidity purpose.Since the Company may not hold more than 10 % of its share capital  and considering the number of shares already held amounting  on 28 April 2023  to 1 162 412 (representing about 1.39% of the share capital)  the maximum theoretical number of shares that may be repurchased would be 7 219 040  representing about 8.61% of the share capital  unless transfers or cancellations of shares already held.The maximum purchase price proposed to today’s (31 May 2023) Shareholders’ Meeting is set at €200 per share. Consequently  the theoretical maximum amount likely to be devoted to these repurchase would be set by the Shareholders’ Meeting at €1 676 290 400 based on a number of 83 814 526 shares.Duration:In accordance with the 15th resolution proposed to today’s (31 May 2023) Shareholders’ Meeting  any repurchase of shares may be implemented within a period of 18 months following the date of this Shareholders’ Meeting  i.e. until 30 November 2024.This authorization will cancel and supersede the previous authorization granted by the Shareholders’ Meeting on 24 May 2022 in its seventeenth ordinary resolution.The present publication is available on the Company’s website (www.ipsen.com).IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 (0) 6 52 19 98 92Media Amy WolfVice President and Head of Corporate Brand Strategyand Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior Manager  Global Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'regulatory framework', 'Ipsen', 'Description', '31 May', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'possible external growth transactions', 'potential share capital increases', 'French Commercial Code', 'investment service provider', 'economic interest groups', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'stock option plans', 'maximum purchase price', 'Delegated Regulation No', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Group savings plan', 'maximum repurchase price', 'public offer period', 'maximum theoretical number', 'free shares plans', 'share repurchase program', 'Bulletin des', 'English French', 'possible repurchase', 'similar plans', 'share purchases', 'Maximum amount', 'maximum percentage', 'Article L.', 'European Regulation', 'General Regulation', 'Group employees', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'regulatory framework', 'European Parliament', '15th resolution', 'draft resolutions', 'corporate officers', 'affiliated companies', 'other forms', 'systematic internalizers', 'derivative instruments', 'third party', 'maximum number', 'liquidity agreement', 'liquidity purpose', '8 March', 'present description', 'preliminary notice', 'negotiable securities', 'total number', 'secondary market', 'applicable regulations', 'The Company', 'corresponding shares', 'Ipsen shares', 'Company shares', '8,381,452 shares', 'Board', 'Directors', '31 May', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Council', '16 April', 'AMF', 'objectives', 'characteristics', 'theory', 'authorization', 'today', 'agenda', 'BALO', '21 April', '12 May', 'Date', 'approval', 'activities', 'practices', 'context', 'limit', 'exchange', 'merger', 'contribution', 'payment', 'hedging', 'favor', 'allocations', 'sharing', 'profits', 'coverage', 'rights', 'force', 'sales', 'transfers', 'means', 'counter', 'acquisition', 'blocks', 'times', 'options', 'Articles', 'repurchases', 'account', 'reduction', 'calculation', 'connection', '28 April', 'cancellations']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSEN-5137/news/Ipsen-Description-of-the-regulatory-framework-of-the-share-repurchase-program-to-be-approved-at-th-43994702/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Ipsen - Description of the regulatory framework of the share repurchase program to be approved at the Combined Shareholders' Meeting on 31 May 2023,(marketscreener.com) REGULATED INFORMATION  Description of the regulatory framework of the share repurchase programproposed by the Board of Directors to be approved at theCombined Shareholders’ Meeting on 31 May 2023 Boulogne-Billancourt   on 31 May 2023 - In…,REGULATED INFORMATIONDescription of the regulatory framework of the share repurchase programproposed by the Board of Directors to be approved at theCombined Shareholders’ Meeting on 31 May 2023(15th resolution)Boulogne-Billancourt (France)  on 31 May 2023 - In accordance with the provisions of Article L.22-10-62 et seq. of the French Commercial Code  the European Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014  the Delegated Regulation No 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016  and the General Regulation of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the present description aims to describe the objectives and characteristics of the repurchase by the Company of its own shares  that it could in theory implement. This repurchase is proposed to the authorization of today’s (31 May 2023) Combined Shareholders’ Meeting in its 15th resolution. The preliminary notice of meeting  including the agenda and the draft resolutions  has been published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (BALO) on 21 April 2023 and the notice of meeting in the BALO on 12 May 2023.Date of the Shareholders’ Meeting called to authorize the repurchase of IPSEN’s own shares:The authorization for the Company to repurchase its own shares is proposed to the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting today  31 May 2023  in its 15th resolution.Characteristics of the share repurchase program proposed to the approval of the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting:Objectives:The objectives of the share repurchase program to be proposed at today’s (31 May 2023) Shareholders’ Meeting are to:stimulate the secondary market or ensure the liquidity of Ipsen shares through the activities of an investment service provider in the form of a liquidity agreement compliant with the practices authorized under the regulations  it being specified that within this context  the number of shares used to calculate the below-mentioned limit corresponds to the number of shares purchased  decreased by the number of shares sold;retain the purchased shares and subsequently deliver them for an exchange in the context of a merger  demerger or contribution or a payment related to possible external growth transactions;ensure the hedging of stock option plans and/or free shares plans (or similar plans) in favor of Group employees and/or corporate officers (including affiliated companies or economic interest groups) as well as all allocations of shares under a Company or Group savings plan (or a similar plan)  as part of the sharing of the Company’s profits and/or all other forms of allocation of shares to Group employees and/or corporate officers;ensure the coverage of negotiable securities giving rights to the allocation of Company shares in accordance with the regulations in force;possibly cancel acquired shares  in accordance with the authorization granted or to be granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting.Characteristics :These share purchases  sales  transfers or exchanges may be carried out by all means  including on the market or off-market  by multilateral trading facilities or through systematic internalizers  over-the-counter  including through the acquisition or sale of blocks of securities  and at any times as the Board shall see fit.The Company would reserve the right to use options or derivative instruments in accordance with applicable regulations. The transactions could not be carried out during a public offer period initiated by a third party for the Company’s shares and until the end of the offer period.Maximum amount of share capital that could be acquired  maximum number and characteristics of the corresponding shares  maximum repurchase price:The maximum percentage of shares that might be repurchased pursuant to the authorization proposed to the Shareholders’ Meeting on 31 May 2023 is set  in accordance with Articles L.22-10-62 et seq and L.225-210 of the French Commercial Code  at a possible repurchase within the limit of a maximum number of shares that may not represent more than 10 % of the total number of shares comprising the share capital (i.e.  8 381 452 shares as of today)  specifying that this limit is considered as of the date of the repurchases  adjusted  if applicable  to take into account the potential share capital increases or reduction that may occur during the period covered by the program. The number of shares taken into account for the calculation of this limit corresponds to the number of shares repurchased  deducted by the number of shares sold during the program in connection with the liquidity purpose.Since the Company may not hold more than 10 % of its share capital  and considering the number of shares already held amounting  on 28 April 2023  to 1 162 412 (representing about 1.39% of the share capital)  the maximum theoretical number of shares that may be repurchased would be 7 219 040  representing about 8.61% of the share capital  unless transfers or cancellations of shares already held.The maximum purchase price proposed to today’s (31 May 2023) Shareholders’ Meeting is set at €200 per share. Consequently  the theoretical maximum amount likely to be devoted to these repurchase would be set by the Shareholders’ Meeting at €1 676 290 400 based on a number of 83 814 526 shares.Duration:In accordance with the 15th resolution proposed to today’s (31 May 2023) Shareholders’ Meeting  any repurchase of shares may be implemented within a period of 18 months following the date of this Shareholders’ Meeting  i.e. until 30 November 2024.This authorization will cancel and supersede the previous authorization granted by the Shareholders’ Meeting on 24 May 2022 in its seventeenth ordinary resolution.The present publication is available on the Company’s website (www.ipsen.com).IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7584 349 193 Nicolas BoglerSenior Manager  Investor Relations+33 (0) 6 52 19 98 92Media Amy WolfVice President and Head of Corporate Brand Strategyand Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior Manager  Global Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['share repurchase program', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'regulatory framework', 'Ipsen', 'Description', '31 May', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'possible external growth transactions', 'potential share capital increases', 'French Commercial Code', 'investment service provider', 'economic interest groups', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'stock option plans', 'maximum purchase price', 'Delegated Regulation No', 'Group savings plan', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'maximum repurchase price', 'public offer period', 'maximum theoretical number', 'free shares plans', 'share repurchase program', 'Bulletin des', 'possible repurchase', 'similar plans', 'share purchases', 'Maximum amount', 'maximum percentage', 'Article L.', 'European Regulation', 'General Regulation', 'Group employees', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'regulatory framework', 'European Parliament', '15th resolution', 'draft resolutions', 'corporate officers', 'affiliated companies', 'other forms', 'systematic internalizers', 'derivative instruments', 'third party', 'maximum number', 'liquidity agreement', 'liquidity purpose', '8 March', 'present description', 'preliminary notice', 'negotiable securities', 'total number', 'secondary market', 'applicable regulations', 'The Company', 'corresponding shares', 'Ipsen shares', 'Company shares', '8,381,452 shares', 'Board', 'Directors', '31 May', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'Council', '16 April', 'AMF', 'objectives', 'characteristics', 'theory', 'authorization', 'today', 'agenda', 'BALO', '21 April', '12 May', 'Date', 'approval', 'activities', 'practices', 'context', 'limit', 'exchange', 'merger', 'contribution', 'payment', 'hedging', 'favor', 'allocations', 'sharing', 'profits', 'coverage', 'rights', 'force', 'sales', 'transfers', 'means', 'counter', 'acquisition', 'blocks', 'times', 'options', 'Articles', 'repurchases', 'account', 'reduction', 'calculation', 'connection', '28 April', 'cancellations']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Positive-Phase-2-data-of-novel-investigational-anti-CD40L-antibody-frexalimab-show-si-43994707/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Press Release: Positive Phase 2 data of novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab show significantly reduced disease activity in relapsing multiple sclerosis,(marketscreener.com)   Positive Phase 2 data of novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab show significantly reduced disease activity in relapsing multiple sclerosis Frexalimab met primary endpoint with 89% reduction in new gadolinium-enhancing T1 …,"Positive Phase 2 data of novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab show significantly reduced disease activity in relapsing multiple sclerosisFrexalimab met primary endpoint with 89% reduction in new gadolinium-enhancing T1 brain lesions achieved at Week 12 in the higher-dose treatment arm  compared with placeboSanofi plans to initiate pivotal trials in multiple sclerosis in early 2024Paris  May 31 2023. New data  being presented in a late-breaking session at the 2023 Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers (CMSC) annual meeting  demonstrate that frexalimab  Sanofi’s novel second-generation investigational anti-CD40L antibody  with a unique mechanism of action  significantly reduced disease activity in a Phase 2 trial of patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS). Following 12 weeks of therapy  the number of new gadolinium-enhancing (GdE) T1-lesions was reduced by 89% and 79% in the higher- and lower-dose treatment arms  respectively  compared with placebo  meeting the study’s primary endpoint.A substantial unmet need remains in MS for highly effective and well-tolerated treatment options that provide sustainable control of disease activity and disability progression  while minimizing risks. As the first second-generation anti-CD40L antibody to show efficacy in MS  frexalimab is thought to block the costimulatory CD40/CD40L cellular pathway necessary for adaptive (T and B cells) and innate (macrophages and dendritic cells) immune cell activation and function  without lymphocyte-depletion.Erik Wallström  MD  PhDGlobal Head of Neurology Development  Sanofi""Building on our 20 years of research and development in multiple sclerosis  we are committed to growing our robust pipeline of MS therapies by exploring multiple treatment approaches with unique MOAs that have the potential to slow or halt disability  which remains one of the greatest unmet medical needs in multiple sclerosis today.”Gavin Giovannoni  MD  PhD  FCP  FRCP  FRCPathChair of Neurology  Blizard Institute  Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry  Queen Mary University of London""Frexalimab has a unique mechanism of action  blocking the CD40/CD40L costimulatory pathway thought to regulate both adaptive and innate immune cell activation and function – a pathway that is pivotal in the pathogenesis of MS. We are thrilled with the results achieved with frexalimab in just 3 months  which shows that CD40L inhibition rapidly controls MS disease activity without lymphocyte depletion.”Pivotal trials in MS are planned to be launched in 2024.About the Phase 2 studyThe Phase 2 study was a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluating frexalimab in patients with relapsing MS. In the trial  129 patients with relapsing MS were randomized (4:4:1:1) to receive either higher or lower doses of frexalimab (n=52 and n=51  respectively) or matching placebo (n=12 and n=14  respectively; pooled for efficacy analyses) for 12 weeks (Part A). After Week 12  patients receiving placebo switched to respective frexalimab arms and entered the open-label Part B  which is currently ongoing. The primary endpoint was the reduction in the number of new GdE T1-hyperintense MRI brain lesions after 12 weeks of treatment. Secondary endpoints included additional MRI-based efficacy measures as well as the safety  tolerability and pharmacokinetics of frexalimab.In the study  both groups receiving higher or lower doses of frexalimab had significant reductions in new GdE T1-hyperintense lesions after 12 weeks of treatment. At Week 12  high- and low-dose frexalimab significantly reduced the number of new GdE T1-lesions by 89% (95%CI: 62%-97%  p=0.0004) and 79% (95%CI: 44%-92%  p=0.0021)  respectively  versus placebo (pooled dose groups). Additionally  both groups treated with frexalimab showed reductions in new or enlarging T2-lesions and total GdE T1-lesions. At Week 24  96% of participants in the higher-dose frexalimab arm were free of new GdE T1-lesions. Early effects (Week 12) on MSIS-29 physical impact score (a patient-reported outcome) and plasma neurofilament light chain (NfL) levels will also be reported.Frexalimab was well-tolerated  and 125 (97%) patients completed Part A and continued to the open-label Part B. The most common adverse events (≥4%) in any frexalimab-treated group were COVID-19 (n=5 [9.8%] in the lower-dose group; all uncomplicated cases of mild or moderate intensity) and headache (n=1 [2.0%] and n=3 [5.8%] in the lower- and higher-dose group  respectively).About frexalimabFrexalimab (SAR441344) is a novel monoclonal antibody that is thought to block the costimulatory CD40/CD40L cellular pathway necessary for adaptive (T and B cells) and innate (macrophages and dendritic cells) immune cell activation and function  without lymphocyte-depletion. Sanofi is developing SAR441344 under an exclusive license from ImmuNext Inc. Frexalimab is an investigational product  and its safety and efficacy has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward Looking StatementThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.81,0.19,mixed,0.6,0.15,0.24,True,English,"['novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab', 'Positive Phase 2 data', 'Press Release', 'disease activity', 'multiple sclerosis', 'new GdE T1-hyperintense MRI brain lesions', 'new gadolinium-enhancing T1 brain lesions', 'new GdE T1-hyperintense lesions', 'novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab', 'first second-generation anti-CD40L antibody', 'second-generation investigational anti-CD40L antibody', 'MSIS-29 physical impact score', 'plasma neurofilament light chain', 'greatest unmet medical needs', 'new gadolinium-enhancing (GdE) T1-lesions', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial', 'costimulatory CD40/CD40L cellular pathway', 'additional MRI-based efficacy measures', 'innate immune cell activation', 'new GdE T1-lesions', 'CD40/CD40L costimulatory pathway', 'total GdE T1-lesions', 'novel monoclonal antibody', 'substantial unmet need', 'CMSC) annual meeting', 'Erik Wallström', 'Queen Mary University', 'common adverse events', 'tolerated treatment options', 'higher-dose treatment arm', 'open-label Part B', 'lower-dose treatment arms', 'Positive Phase 2 data', 'pooled dose groups', 'multiple treatment approaches', 'respective frexalimab arms', 'Multiple Sclerosis Centers', 'higher-dose frexalimab arm', 'The London School', 'New data', 'MS disease activity', 'investigational product', 'Global Head', 'higher-dose group', 'Phase 2 trial', 'B cells', 'Part A', 'lower-dose group', 'primary endpoint', 'pivotal trials', 'late-breaking session', 'unique mechanism', 'sustainable control', 'dendritic cells', 'robust pipeline', 'unique MOAs', 'Gavin Giovannoni', 'FRCPath Chair', 'Blizard Institute', 'CD40L inhibition', 'lymphocyte depletion', 'lower doses', 'efficacy analyses', 'Secondary endpoints', 'NfL) levels', 'frexalimab-treated group', 'uncomplicated cases', 'moderate intensity', 'exclusive license', 'ImmuNext Inc', 'regulatory authority', 'Phase 2 study', 'disability progression', 'adaptive (T', 'significant reductions', 'low-dose frexalimab', 'Early effects', 'MS therapies', 'Neurology Development', 'relapsing MS', 'early 2024', '89% reduction', 'Week', 'Sanofi', 'Paris', 'May', '2023 Consortium', 'action', 'patients', 'therapy', 'number', 'effective', 'risks', 'macrophages', 'function', 'lymphocyte-depletion', 'MD', 'PhD', '20 years', 'research', 'potential', 'FCP', 'Barts', 'Medicine', 'Dentistry', 'pathogenesis', 'results', '3 months', 'matching', 'tolerability', 'pharmacokinetics', 'T2-lesions', 'participants', 'patient-reported', 'outcome', 'mild', 'headache', 'SAR441344', 'safety']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2678998/0/en/Maisons-du-Monde-evolves-its-governance-Fran%C3%A7oise-Gri-appointed-as-Chairwoman-of-the-Board-of-Directors.html,Maisons du Monde evolves its governance. Françoise Gri appointed as Chairwoman of the Board of Directors,PRESS RELEASE   Governance   Maisons du Monde evolves its governance   Françoise Gri appointed as Chairwoman of the Board of Directors    NANTES – 31...,"English FrenchPRESS RELEASEGovernanceMaisons du Monde evolves its governanceFrançoise Gri appointed as Chairwoman of the Board of DirectorsNANTES – 31 May 2023  07:00 CET – Maisons du Monde (Euronext Paris: MDM; ISIN: FR0013153541) announces changes within its Board of Directors  which will be subject to shareholder vote at the upcoming Combined General Meeting on 29 June.The Board of Directors  meeting on 30 May  has decided  upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  to co-opt Françoise Gri as an independent director succeeding Thierry Falque-Pierrotin following his resignation as director and Chairman of the Board.The Company will propose to the shareholders to approve this co-optation at the General Meeting on 29 June and to vote for a new mandate until the General Meeting called to approve the financial statements as of 31 December 2026.Additionally  the Board of Directors also proposed the appointment of three other members to complete the governance of Maisons du Monde:François-Melchior de Polignac  Chief Executive Officer of Maisons du Monde.Adam Epstein  as non-independent director. Teleios Capital Partners  reference shareholder  has appointed Sylvie Colin as new permanent representative to replace Adam Epstein.Majorelle Investments  also reference shareholder  which has appointed Anouck Duranteau-Loeper as its permanent representative.Lastly  the renewal of the terms of office of two directors  Laure Hauseux and Victor Herrero  whose terms expire at the General Meeting on 29 June 2023  will also be submitted to shareholder vote.The new Board of Directors will respect gender equality with a majority of independent directors.In this context of changes in governance  the agreements signed in May 2022 with the two reference shareholders have been adjusted accordingly. A summary of these amendments has been published on the Maisons du Monde website and on the AMF website  in accordance with regulations.Considering these developments  the Board of Directors reiterated its full support for the Company's strategy and management.Thierry Falque-Pierrotin commented: ""Last March  I presented my resignation for personal reasons  effective at the latest before the Annual General Meeting  while continuing to support the new Chief Executive Officer and allowing the Board to smoothly prepare for my succession. This has been done and I would like to express my grateful thanks to the directors for their strong commitment by my side under my tenure as chairman  during which I provided assistance to the Management and all the teams at Maisons du Monde in a complex macroeconomic environment. I wish Françoise Gri great success in her role as Chairwoman of the Board of Directors.”Françoise Gri declared  ""Subject to the approval of its shareholders  I am delighted to join the Board of Directors of Maisons du Monde and to take over as Chairwoman. I would like to thank the Board members for their confidence. I am fully motivated by the opportunity to contribute to writing a new chapter in supporting the strategy and development of this wonderful company  by ensuring high-quality governance fueled by the diversity of profiles and expertise within the Board.""BiographiesFrançoise GriFrançoise Gri began her career with the IBM Group  becoming President and CEO of IBM France in 2001. In 2007  she was appointed President and CEO of Manpower's French subsidiary  before moving to Manpower Group in 2011 as Executive Vice President  Southern Europe. She joined Pierre & Vacances - Center Parcs Group as CEO from 2013 to 2015. She has specific expertise in IT and digital  as well as in business and consumer services. Since 2015  she has been fully involved in her mandates as an independent director  including that of Credit Agricole SA  where she is Chairwoman of the Risk Committee until May 2023. She is currently a member of the Boards of Directors of Française des Jeux  WNS Services  Edenred and Berger-Levrault. Deeply committed to corporate governance subjects  she has been a member of the Medef ethics committee and the Haut Comité de Gouvernement d'Entreprise (HCGE). She has published two books: Women Power  Femme et Patron  2012; Plaidoyer pour un emploi responsable  2010. Françoise Gri is a graduate of the École nationale supérieure d'informatique et de mathématiques appliquées de Grenoble (ENSIMAG).François-Melchior de PolignacFrançois-Melchior de Polignac started his career with L’Oréal in the Financial Control team of Lancôme Italy in 1995. After three years  he joined The Boston Consulting Group in Paris. In 2000  he joined the Carrefour Group as a member of the merger & acquisition team and held several operational and functional positions in France before moving to Poland where he was notably in charge of the supermarket business unit. In 2009  he moved back to Paris leading a group organizational transformation program  driving more than €2bn efficiencies. In 2011  he was appointed CEO of Romania and then  CEO of Belgium late 2013. In 2018  he was appointed Executive Director Group merchandise  and joined the Executive Committee of the group. Since 2020  he has been the Executive Director and Zone CEO  in charge of Belgium  Romania  and Poland. He graduated from HEC in 1994 and holds a master’s degree in international relations from The University of Cambridge.Adam EpsteinAdam Epstein is co-founder of Teleios Capital  an investment fund manager with offices in Zug  Switzerland  and London  that seeks to acquire significant ownership positions in European public companies and maximise their long-term potential by working collaboratively with all stakeholders. Adam previously served as investment director at IPGL Limited  and prior to that was a partner at Audley Capital  having begun his career in investment banking with Merrill Lynch. Adam holds an MA in politics  philosophy and economics from Trinity College  University of Oxford.Teleios Capital PartnersTeleios Capital  founded in 2013  is an independent investment firm that manages assets on behalf ofinstitutional clients comprising endowment funds  foundations and pension funds  as well as family offices. Teleios Capital invests in medium-sized European listed companies through the acquisition ofsubstantial minority stakes over the long term.Represented by Sylvie ColinSylvie Colin has played a significant role in supporting the growth of several fashion brands  primarily in the retail sector  through different positions. She began her career with the Etam group  where she worked in Collection Management positions for 10 years. She then moved on to the Chantelle group  assuming a role in Product and Communication. She subsequently served as CEO of the Caroll brands from 2007 to 2014  Maje from 2014 to 2017  following the acquisition of the SMCP group by KKR  and Kenzo from 2017 to 2021 within the LVMH group. In addition to her executive roles  Sylvie Colin was a member of the Supervisory Board of Carré Blanc for 5 years. She is also an independent director and Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee of Spartoo  a European player in online shoe retail since its IPO in July 2021.Sylvie Colin is a graduate of the Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Tours and holds a Bachelor's degree from the Université Paris-Sorbonne.Majorelle InvestmentsMajorelle Investments is a flexible  long-term investment company founded by Gabriel Naouri and co-controlled by him and Apollo Hybrid Value. Its mission is to take stakes  in France or abroad  in brands with a strong DNA and recognized for the relevance and potential of their omnichannel positioning.Represented by Anouck Duranteau-LoeperAnouck Duranteau-Loeper is the Chief Executive Officer of Isabel Marant  a French company specializing in the creation  production  and distribution of luxury ready-to-wear clothing and accessories. Anouck is also the President of the Chambre Syndicale de la Mode Féminine (Chamber of the French Federation of Haute Couture and Fashion). She began her career in Paris at McKinsey & Company as a consultant and later joined the LVMH group  where she worked in the group's strategy department and then in the fashion division for 5 years. Within the LVMH group  she joined Maison Celine in 2009 as Director of Leather Goods and Accessories under the artistic direction of Phoebe Philo  a period during which Celine regained growth and profitability. In 2014  she became the CEO of Paco Rabanne Fashion  a position she held for three years before taking over as the CEO of Isabel Marant in 2016. She graduated from the École Supérieure de Commerce de Paris (ESCP EAP) with a major in marketing. She also received training at the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA).The new draft resolutions and their presentation will be available on the Maisons du Monde website.Financial calendar29 June 2023 Annual General Meeting27 July 2023 Q2 and H1 2023 financial results26 October 2023 Q3 and 9M 2023 salesDisclaimer: Forward Looking StatementThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements "" including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted or implied by such forward- looking statements. Accordingly  no representation is made that any of these statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast results will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date hereof and will not give rise to updates or revision. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Maisons du Monde’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers.About Maisons du MondeMaisons du Monde  a uniquely positioned and beloved brand across Europe  stands as the European leader in inspirational and affordable home & living. It offers a wide and constantly renewed range of furniture and home accessories across multiple styles. Creativity  inspiration and engagement are the brand’s core pillars. Leveraging its distinctive direct-to-consumer omnichannel model  the company generates over 50% of its sales digitally  through its online platform and in-store digital sales and operates 352 stores across 9 European countries. At the end of 2020  the Group launched a curated marketplace to complement its offering and become the reference one-stop shop in inspirational and affordable home and living. In November 2021  Maisons du Monde unveiled its company purpose: “Inspiring everyone to open up to the world  to create together unique  warm and sustainable places to live.”corporate.maisonsdumonde.comContactsInvestor Relations Press Relations Carole AlexandreTel: (+33) 6 30 85 12 78 Pierre BarbeTel: (+33) 6 23 23 08 51 calexandre@maisonsdumonde.com pbarbe@maisonsdumonde.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Maisons du Monde', 'Françoise Gri', 'governance', 'Chairwoman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'group organizational transformation program', 'The Boston Consulting Group', 'upcoming Combined General Meeting', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'Maisons du Monde website', 'François-Melchior de Polignac', 'Haut Comité de', 'Françoise Gri', 'Teleios Capital Partners', 'complex macroeconomic environment', 'Credit Agricole SA', 'Française des', 'nationale supérieure', 'L’Oréal', 'Lancôme Italy', 'Center Parcs Group', 'Medef ethics committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'three other members', 'Financial Control team', 'supermarket business unit', 'PRESS RELEASE Governance', 'corporate governance subjects', 'Executive Vice President', 'new permanent representative', 'two reference shareholders', 'AMF website', 'Executive Dir', 'IBM Group', 'Carrefour Group', 'The Company', 'new mandate', 'new chapter', 'financial statements', 'three years', 'acquisition team', 'Compensation Committee', 'Manpower Group', 'Risk Committee', 'two books', 'English French', 'shareholder vote', 'Thierry Falque-Pierrotin', 'Adam Epstein', 'Sylvie Colin', 'Majorelle Investments', 'Anouck Duranteau-Loeper', 'Laure Hauseux', 'Victor Herrero', 'gender equality', 'full support', 'personal reasons', 'grateful thanks', 'strong commitment', 'great success', 'French subsidiary', 'Southern Europe', 'consumer services', 'WNS Services', 'Women Power', 'emploi responsable', 'mathématiques', 'several operational', 'functional positions', '€2bn efficiencies', 'high-quality governance', 'new Board', 'independent director', 'Board members', 'wonderful company', 'two directors', 'IBM France', 'specific expertise', 'Euronext Paris', 'Chairwoman', 'NANTES', '31 May', '07:00 CET', 'MDM', 'ISIN', 'changes', '29 June', '30 May', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'resignation', 'Chairman', 'optation', '31 December', 'appointment', 'renewal', 'terms', 'majority', 'context', 'agreements', 'summary', 'amendments', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'developments', 'strategy', 'management', 'succession', 'tenure', 'assistance', 'teams', 'role', 'approval', 'confidence', 'opportunity', 'diversity', 'profiles', 'Biographies', 'career', 'CEO', 'Pierre', 'Vacances', 'digital', 'mandates', 'Boards', 'Jeux', 'Edenred', 'Berger-Levrault', 'Gouvernement', 'Entreprise', 'HCGE', 'Femme', 'Patron', 'Plaidoyer', 'graduate', 'informatique', 'Grenoble', 'ENSIMAG', 'merger', 'Poland', 'charge', 'Romania', 'Belgium']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAISONS-DU-MONDE-27862556/news/Maisons-du-Monde-evolves-its-governance-Francoise-Gri-appointed-as-Chairwoman-of-the-Board-of-Direc-43994734/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Maisons du Monde evolves its governance. Françoise Gri appointed as Chairwoman of the Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Governance Maisons du Monde evolves its governance Françoise Gri appointed as Chairwoman of the Board of Directors NANTES – 31 May 2023  07:00 CET – Maisons du Monde announces changes within its Board of Directors  which wil…,"PRESS RELEASEGovernanceMaisons du Monde evolves its governanceFrançoise Gri appointed as Chairwoman of the Board of DirectorsNANTES – 31 May 2023  07:00 CET – Maisons du Monde (Euronext Paris: MDM; ISIN: FR0013153541) announces changes within its Board of Directors  which will be subject to shareholder vote at the upcoming Combined General Meeting on 29 June.The Board of Directors  meeting on 30 May  has decided  upon the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  to co-opt Françoise Gri as an independent director succeeding Thierry Falque-Pierrotin following his resignation as director and Chairman of the Board.The Company will propose to the shareholders to approve this co-optation at the General Meeting on 29 June and to vote for a new mandate until the General Meeting called to approve the financial statements as of 31 December 2026.Additionally  the Board of Directors also proposed the appointment of three other members to complete the governance of Maisons du Monde:François-Melchior de Polignac  Chief Executive Officer of Maisons du Monde.Adam Epstein  as non-independent director. Teleios Capital Partners  reference shareholder  has appointed Sylvie Colin as new permanent representative to replace Adam Epstein.Majorelle Investments  also reference shareholder  which has appointed Anouck Duranteau-Loeper as its permanent representative.Lastly  the renewal of the terms of office of two directors  Laure Hauseux and Victor Herrero  whose terms expire at the General Meeting on 29 June 2023  will also be submitted to shareholder vote.The new Board of Directors will respect gender equality with a majority of independent directors.In this context of changes in governance  the agreements signed in May 2022 with the two reference shareholders have been adjusted accordingly. A summary of these amendments has been published on the Maisons du Monde website and on the AMF website  in accordance with regulations.Considering these developments  the Board of Directors reiterated its full support for the Company's strategy and management.Thierry Falque-Pierrotin commented: ""Last March  I presented my resignation for personal reasons  effective at the latest before the Annual General Meeting  while continuing to support the new Chief Executive Officer and allowing the Board to smoothly prepare for my succession. This has been done and I would like to express my grateful thanks to the directors for their strong commitment by my side under my tenure as chairman  during which I provided assistance to the Management and all the teams at Maisons du Monde in a complex macroeconomic environment. I wish Françoise Gri great success in her role as Chairwoman of the Board of Directors.”Françoise Gri declared  ""Subject to the approval of its shareholders  I am delighted to join the Board of Directors of Maisons du Monde and to take over as Chairwoman. I would like to thank the Board members for their confidence. I am fully motivated by the opportunity to contribute to writing a new chapter in supporting the strategy and development of this wonderful company  by ensuring high-quality governance fueled by the diversity of profiles and expertise within the Board.""BiographiesFrançoise GriFrançoise Gri began her career with the IBM Group  becoming President and CEO of IBM France in 2001. In 2007  she was appointed President and CEO of Manpower's French subsidiary  before moving to Manpower Group in 2011 as Executive Vice President  Southern Europe. She joined Pierre & Vacances - Center Parcs Group as CEO from 2013 to 2015. She has specific expertise in IT and digital  as well as in business and consumer services. Since 2015  she has been fully involved in her mandates as an independent director  including that of Credit Agricole SA  where she is Chairwoman of the Risk Committee until May 2023. She is currently a member of the Boards of Directors of Française des Jeux  WNS Services  Edenred and Berger-Levrault. Deeply committed to corporate governance subjects  she has been a member of the Medef ethics committee and the Haut Comité de Gouvernement d'Entreprise (HCGE). She has published two books: Women Power  Femme et Patron  2012; Plaidoyer pour un emploi responsable  2010. Françoise Gri is a graduate of the École nationale supérieure d'informatique et de mathématiques appliquées de Grenoble (ENSIMAG).François-Melchior de PolignacFrançois-Melchior de Polignac started his career with L’Oréal in the Financial Control team of Lancôme Italy in 1995. After three years  he joined The Boston Consulting Group in Paris. In 2000  he joined the Carrefour Group as a member of the merger & acquisition team and held several operational and functional positions in France before moving to Poland where he was notably in charge of the supermarket business unit. In 2009  he moved back to Paris leading a group organizational transformation program  driving more than €2bn efficiencies. In 2011  he was appointed CEO of Romania and then  CEO of Belgium late 2013. In 2018  he was appointed Executive Director Group merchandise  and joined the Executive Committee of the group. Since 2020  he has been the Executive Director and Zone CEO  in charge of Belgium  Romania  and Poland. He graduated from HEC in 1994 and holds a master’s degree in international relations from The University of Cambridge.Adam EpsteinAdam Epstein is co-founder of Teleios Capital  an investment fund manager with offices in Zug  Switzerland  and London  that seeks to acquire significant ownership positions in European public companies and maximise their long-term potential by working collaboratively with all stakeholders. Adam previously served as investment director at IPGL Limited  and prior to that was a partner at Audley Capital  having begun his career in investment banking with Merrill Lynch. Adam holds an MA in politics  philosophy and economics from Trinity College  University of Oxford.Teleios Capital PartnersTeleios Capital  founded in 2013  is an independent investment firm that manages assets on behalf ofinstitutional clients comprising endowment funds  foundations and pension funds  as well as family offices. Teleios Capital invests in medium-sized European listed companies through the acquisition ofsubstantial minority stakes over the long term.Represented by Sylvie ColinSylvie Colin has played a significant role in supporting the growth of several fashion brands  primarily in the retail sector  through different positions. She began her career with the Etam group  where she worked in Collection Management positions for 10 years. She then moved on to the Chantelle group  assuming a role in Product and Communication. She subsequently served as CEO of the Caroll brands from 2007 to 2014  Maje from 2014 to 2017  following the acquisition of the SMCP group by KKR  and Kenzo from 2017 to 2021 within the LVMH group. In addition to her executive roles  Sylvie Colin was a member of the Supervisory Board of Carré Blanc for 5 years. She is also an independent director and Chairwoman of the Remuneration Committee of Spartoo  a European player in online shoe retail since its IPO in July 2021.Sylvie Colin is a graduate of the Ecole Supérieure de Commerce de Tours and holds a Bachelor's degree from the Université Paris-Sorbonne.Majorelle InvestmentsMajorelle Investments is a flexible  long-term investment company founded by Gabriel Naouri and co-controlled by him and Apollo Hybrid Value. Its mission is to take stakes  in France or abroad  in brands with a strong DNA and recognized for the relevance and potential of their omnichannel positioning.Represented by Anouck Duranteau-LoeperAnouck Duranteau-Loeper is the Chief Executive Officer of Isabel Marant  a French company specializing in the creation  production  and distribution of luxury ready-to-wear clothing and accessories. Anouck is also the President of the Chambre Syndicale de la Mode Féminine (Chamber of the French Federation of Haute Couture and Fashion). She began her career in Paris at McKinsey & Company as a consultant and later joined the LVMH group  where she worked in the group's strategy department and then in the fashion division for 5 years. Within the LVMH group  she joined Maison Celine in 2009 as Director of Leather Goods and Accessories under the artistic direction of Phoebe Philo  a period during which Celine regained growth and profitability. In 2014  she became the CEO of Paco Rabanne Fashion  a position she held for three years before taking over as the CEO of Isabel Marant in 2016. She graduated from the École Supérieure de Commerce de Paris (ESCP EAP) with a major in marketing. She also received training at the Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad (IIMA).The new draft resolutions and their presentation will be available on the Maisons du Monde website.Financial calendar29 June 2023 Annual General Meeting27 July 2023 Q2 and H1 2023 financial results26 October 2023 Q3 and 9M 2023 salesDisclaimer: Forward Looking StatementThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements "" including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted or implied by such forward- looking statements. Accordingly  no representation is made that any of these statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast results will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements included in this press release speak only as of the date hereof and will not give rise to updates or revision. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Maisons du Monde’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers.About Maisons du MondeMaisons du Monde  a uniquely positioned and beloved brand across Europe  stands as the European leader in inspirational and affordable home & living. It offers a wide and constantly renewed range of furniture and home accessories across multiple styles. Creativity  inspiration and engagement are the brand’s core pillars. Leveraging its distinctive direct-to-consumer omnichannel model  the company generates over 50% of its sales digitally  through its online platform and in-store digital sales and operates 352 stores across 9 European countries. At the end of 2020  the Group launched a curated marketplace to complement its offering and become the reference one-stop shop in inspirational and affordable home and living. In November 2021  Maisons du Monde unveiled its company purpose: “Inspiring everyone to open up to the world  to create together unique  warm and sustainable places to live.”corporate.maisonsdumonde.comContactsInvestor Relations Press Relations Carole AlexandreTel: (+33) 6 30 85 12 78 Pierre BarbeTel: (+33) 6 23 23 08 51 calexandre@maisonsdumonde.com pbarbe@maisonsdumonde.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Maisons du Monde', 'Françoise Gri', 'governance', 'Chairwoman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'group organizational transformation program', 'The Boston Consulting Group', 'upcoming Combined General Meeting', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'François-Melchior de Polignac', 'Executive Director Group merc', 'Maisons du Monde website', 'Haut Comité de', 'Françoise Gri', 'Française des', 'Teleios Capital Partners', 'complex macroeconomic environment', 'Center Parcs Group', 'Credit Agricole SA', 'nationale supérieure', 'L’Oréal', 'Lancôme Italy', 'Medef ethics committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Executive Vice President', 'three other members', 'Financial Control team', 'supermarket business unit', 'PRESS RELEASE Governance', 'corporate governance subjects', 'new permanent representative', 'two reference shareholders', 'AMF website', 'IBM Group', 'Carrefour Group', 'The Company', 'new mandate', 'new chapter', 'financial statements', 'Manpower Group', 'three years', 'acquisition team', 'Compensation Committee', 'Risk Committee', 'two books', 'independent director', 'shareholder vote', 'Thierry Falque-Pierrotin', 'Adam Epstein', 'Sylvie Colin', 'Majorelle Investments', 'Anouck Duranteau-Loeper', 'Laure Hauseux', 'Victor Herrero', 'gender equality', 'full support', 'personal reasons', 'grateful thanks', 'strong commitment', 'great success', 'French subsidiary', 'Southern Europe', 'consumer services', 'WNS Services', 'Women Power', 'emploi responsable', 'mathématiques', 'several operational', 'functional positions', '€2bn efficiencies', 'high-quality governance', 'new Board', 'Board members', 'wonderful company', 'two directors', 'IBM France', 'specific expertise', 'Euronext Paris', 'Chairwoman', 'NANTES', '31 May', '07:00 CET', 'MDM', 'ISIN', 'changes', '29 June', '30 May', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'resignation', 'Chairman', 'optation', '31 December', 'appointment', 'renewal', 'terms', 'majority', 'context', 'agreements', 'summary', 'amendments', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'developments', 'strategy', 'management', 'succession', 'tenure', 'assistance', 'teams', 'role', 'approval', 'confidence', 'opportunity', 'diversity', 'profiles', 'Biographies', 'career', 'CEO', 'Pierre', 'Vacances', 'digital', 'mandates', 'Boards', 'Jeux', 'Edenred', 'Berger-Levrault', 'Gouvernement', 'Entreprise', 'HCGE', 'Femme', 'Patron', 'Plaidoyer', 'graduate', 'informatique', 'Grenoble', 'ENSIMAG', 'merger', 'Poland', 'charge', 'Romania', 'Belgium']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2678991/0/en/Press-Release-Positive-Phase-2-data-of-novel-investigational-anti-CD40L-antibody-frexalimab-show-significantly-reduced-disease-activity-in-relapsing-multiple-sclerosis.html,Press Release: Positive Phase 2 data of novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab show significantly reduced disease activity in relapsing multiple sclerosis,Positive Phase 2 data of novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab show significantly reduced disease activity in relapsing multiple......,"English FrenchPositive Phase 2 data of novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab show significantly reduced disease activity in relapsing multiple sclerosisFrexalimab met primary endpoint with 89% reduction in new gadolinium-enhancing T1 brain lesions achieved at Week 12 in the higher-dose treatment arm  compared with placeboSanofi plans to initiate pivotal trials in multiple sclerosis in early 2024Paris  May 31 2023. New data  being presented in a late-breaking session at the 2023 Consortium of Multiple Sclerosis Centers (CMSC) annual meeting  demonstrate that frexalimab  Sanofi’s novel second-generation investigational anti-CD40L antibody  with a unique mechanism of action  significantly reduced disease activity in a Phase 2 trial of patients with relapsing multiple sclerosis (MS). Following 12 weeks of therapy  the number of new gadolinium-enhancing (GdE) T1-lesions was reduced by 89% and 79% in the higher- and lower-dose treatment arms  respectively  compared with placebo  meeting the study’s primary endpoint.A substantial unmet need remains in MS for highly effective and well-tolerated treatment options that provide sustainable control of disease activity and disability progression  while minimizing risks. As the first second-generation anti-CD40L antibody to show efficacy in MS  frexalimab is thought to block the costimulatory CD40/CD40L cellular pathway necessary for adaptive (T and B cells) and innate (macrophages and dendritic cells) immune cell activation and function  without lymphocyte-depletion.Erik Wallström  MD  PhDGlobal Head of Neurology Development  Sanofi""Building on our 20 years of research and development in multiple sclerosis  we are committed to growing our robust pipeline of MS therapies by exploring multiple treatment approaches with unique MOAs that have the potential to slow or halt disability  which remains one of the greatest unmet medical needs in multiple sclerosis today.”Gavin Giovannoni  MD  PhD  FCP  FRCP  FRCPathChair of Neurology  Blizard Institute  Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry  Queen Mary University of London""Frexalimab has a unique mechanism of action  blocking the CD40/CD40L costimulatory pathway thought to regulate both adaptive and innate immune cell activation and function – a pathway that is pivotal in the pathogenesis of MS. We are thrilled with the results achieved with frexalimab in just 3 months  which shows that CD40L inhibition rapidly controls MS disease activity without lymphocyte depletion.”Pivotal trials in MS are planned to be launched in 2024.About the Phase 2 studyThe Phase 2 study was a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled trial evaluating frexalimab in patients with relapsing MS. In the trial  129 patients with relapsing MS were randomized (4:4:1:1) to receive either higher or lower doses of frexalimab (n=52 and n=51  respectively) or matching placebo (n=12 and n=14  respectively; pooled for efficacy analyses) for 12 weeks (Part A). After Week 12  patients receiving placebo switched to respective frexalimab arms and entered the open-label Part B  which is currently ongoing. The primary endpoint was the reduction in the number of new GdE T1-hyperintense MRI brain lesions after 12 weeks of treatment. Secondary endpoints included additional MRI-based efficacy measures as well as the safety  tolerability and pharmacokinetics of frexalimab.In the study  both groups receiving higher or lower doses of frexalimab had significant reductions in new GdE T1-hyperintense lesions after 12 weeks of treatment. At Week 12  high- and low-dose frexalimab significantly reduced the number of new GdE T1-lesions by 89% (95%CI: 62%-97%  p=0.0004) and 79% (95%CI: 44%-92%  p=0.0021)  respectively  versus placebo (pooled dose groups). Additionally  both groups treated with frexalimab showed reductions in new or enlarging T2-lesions and total GdE T1-lesions. At Week 24  96% of participants in the higher-dose frexalimab arm were free of new GdE T1-lesions. Early effects (Week 12) on MSIS-29 physical impact score (a patient-reported outcome) and plasma neurofilament light chain (NfL) levels will also be reported.Frexalimab was well-tolerated  and 125 (97%) patients completed Part A and continued to the open-label Part B. The most common adverse events (≥4%) in any frexalimab-treated group were COVID-19 (n=5 [9.8%] in the lower-dose group; all uncomplicated cases of mild or moderate intensity) and headache (n=1 [2.0%] and n=3 [5.8%] in the lower- and higher-dose group  respectively).About frexalimabFrexalimab (SAR441344) is a novel monoclonal antibody that is thought to block the costimulatory CD40/CD40L cellular pathway necessary for adaptive (T and B cells) and innate (macrophages and dendritic cells) immune cell activation and function  without lymphocyte-depletion. Sanofi is developing SAR441344 under an exclusive license from ImmuNext Inc. Frexalimab is an investigational product  and its safety and efficacy has not been reviewed by any regulatory authority.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward Looking StatementThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.81,0.19,mixed,0.48,0.18,0.34,True,English,"['novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab', 'Positive Phase 2 data', 'Press Release', 'disease activity', 'multiple sclerosis', 'new GdE T1-hyperintense MRI brain lesions', 'new gadolinium-enhancing T1 brain lesions', 'new GdE T1-hyperintense lesions', 'novel investigational anti-CD40L antibody frexalimab', 'first second-generation anti-CD40L antibody', 'second-generation investigational anti-CD40L antibody', 'MSIS-29 physical impact score', 'plasma neurofilament light chain', 'greatest unmet medical needs', 'new gadolinium-enhancing (GdE) T1-lesions', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial', 'costimulatory CD40/CD40L cellular pathway', 'additional MRI-based efficacy measures', 'innate immune cell activation', 'new GdE T1-lesions', 'CD40/CD40L costimulatory pathway', 'total GdE T1-lesions', 'novel monoclonal antibody', 'substantial unmet need', 'CMSC) annual meeting', 'Erik Wallström', 'Queen Mary University', 'common adverse events', 'innovative global healthcare', 'tolerated treatment options', 'higher-dose treatment arm', 'open-label Part B', 'lower-dose treatment arms', 'Positive Phase 2 data', 'pooled dose groups', 'multiple treatment approaches', 'respective frexalimab arms', 'Multiple Sclerosis Centers', 'higher-dose frexalimab arm', 'The London School', 'New data', 'MS disease activity', 'investigational product', 'higher-dose group', 'Phase 2 trial', 'B cells', 'Global Head', 'Part A', 'lower-dose group', 'English French', 'primary endpoint', 'pivotal trials', 'late-breaking session', 'unique mechanism', 'sustainable control', 'dendritic cells', 'robust pipeline', 'unique MOAs', 'Gavin Giovannoni', 'Blizard Institute', 'CD40L inhibition', 'lymphocyte depletion', 'lower doses', 'efficacy analyses', 'Secondary endpoints', 'NfL) levels', 'frexalimab-treated group', 'uncomplicated cases', 'moderate intensity', 'exclusive license', 'ImmuNext Inc', 'regulatory authority', 'Phase 2 study', 'disability progression', 'adaptive (T', 'safety, tolerability', 'significant reductions', 'low-dose frexalimab', 'Early effects', 'MS therapies', 'matching placebo', 'Neurology Development', 'relapsing MS', 'early 2024', '89% reduction', 'Week', 'Sanofi', 'Paris', 'May', '2023 Consortium', 'action', 'patients', 'therapy', 'number', 'effective', 'risks', 'macrophages', 'function', 'lymphocyte-depletion', 'MD', 'PhD', '20 years', 'research', 'potential', 'FCP', 'FRCP', 'Chair', 'Barts', 'Medicine', 'Dentistry', 'pathogenesis', 'results', '3 months', 'pharmacokinetics', 'T2-lesions', 'participants', 'patient-reported', 'outcome', 'mild', 'headache', 'SAR441344', '79']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LES-AGENCES-DE-PAPA-122614995/news/Les-Agences-de-Papa-Les-Agences-de-Papa-announces-its-consolidated-results-for-2022-and-the-securin-44005221/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Les Agences de Papa: Les Agences de Papa announces its consolidated results for 2022 and the securing of its 12-month working capital requirement,(marketscreener.com) Les Agences de PapaLes Agences de Papa: Les Agences de Papa announces its consolidated results for 2022 and the securing of its 12-month working capital requirement 31-May-2023 / 19:50 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory N…,"Les Agences de Papa announces its consolidated results for 2022 and the securing of its 12-month working capital requirement2022 results: increase in turnover  significant reduction in costs and losses12-month working capital requirement secured through equity and convertible bond financingAnnual General Meeting to be held on 30 June 2023Consolidated results for the year ending 31 December 2022LES AGENCES DE PAPA SA  listed on Euronext access + (MLPAP)  announces that for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 it generated sales of €3 142 253 and consolidated sales for the Group of €625 150 (including management fees)  with a loss of €9 466 400.Consolidated sales increased between the year ended 31 December 2021 (€301k) and the year ended 31 December 2022 (€625k).At the same time  the Group has significantly reduced its external expenses  with total purchases and external charges falling from €8 147k at 31 December 2021 to €4 949k at 31 December 2022.Losses have also fallen sharply (by more than €3.5m  or almost 30%).2022 2021 Consolidated sales 625 K€ 301 K€ Net profit - 9 466K€ -13 057K€These consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 31 May 2023 and certified by the Company's statutory auditors (the full annual financial report can be viewed on the Company's website).Setting up financingLES AGENCES DE PAPA (the ""Company"") announces that it has arranged financing to cover its working capital requirements for the next 12 months.This financing consists of a €4m convertible bond issue with financial partner Capital Système Investissements  an €8.4m capital increase (mainly by offsetting receivables against current account receivables held by historical shareholders) and an issue of stock warrants enabling an additional €6.7m to be raised if exercised in full.The issues were recorded by the company's Board of Directors on 31 May 2023  acting on the authority delegated by the 8th resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders of 9 September 2022.Frédéric Ibanez commented: ""This fundraising was carried out with the founders and historic investors  in particular Capital Système Investissements  with the aim of holding the shares for the long term. The positive impact of this operation on the company's equity and cash flow means that we can now look forward to Versity's very promising future with a great deal of serenity"".Issue of convertible bondsVersity has raised €4 million through a convertible bond issue fully subscribed by Capital Système Investissements.These bonds  redeemable on 30 May 2025  bear interest at an annual rate of 12% and  if fully converted  will entitle their holders to subscribe to shares in the company at a unit price of €0.25  representing a 50% discount to the last quoted price. Conversion of all these bonds would therefore result in a capital increase of a nominal value of €1 072 000.Gilles-Emmanuel Trutat  Chairman of Capital Système Investissement  commented: ""As a long-standing investor  I am delighted with this new funding  which will enable the company to secure financing for its projects in the metaverse.”Capital increaseThe €8.4m capital increase  the purpose of which is to strengthen the Company's shareholders' equity  is being carried out mainly by offsetting receivables against capital by incorporating current accounts  in particular those of the Company's two longstanding shareholders  GFI & Partners (€5m) and LES PAPAS INVEST (€2.1m)  and by cash contributions.The unit subscription price for this capital increase is €0.25  representing a 50% discount to the last quoted price.Issue of stock warrantsThe Company has also issued 26 620 000 stock warrants to investors in the category defined by the 8th resolution of the Annual General Meeting of 9 September 2022. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe  no later than 31/12/2024  to one share in the Company at a unit price of €0.25  representing a 50% discount to the last quoted price. Exercise of all these warrants would therefore result in a capital increase with a total value  including issue premium  of €6.7m.The warrants have been allocated to the main shareholders who helped provide the company with the cash it needed in the first half of the year and who have agreed to convert their receivables into shares in the company.Cap table dilutionThe tables below show the dilutions resulting from the various transactions mentioned above:- Impact of transactions on shareholders' interestsThe impact of the transactions described above on shareholders' equity interests (calculated on the basis of the 62 363 744 shares making up the share capital and 66 739 256 shares on a fully diluted basis prior to the completion of the transactions) would be as follows:Shareholder interest in % On a non-diluted basis On a non-diluted basis On a diluted basis Before the transactions 1 00% 0 93% After the capital increase of 33 348 184 new shares 0 65% 0 62% After conversion of all the bonds  i.e. 16 000 000 new shares 0 56% 0 54% After exercise of all the warrants  i.e. 26 620 000 new shares 0 45% 0 44%- Impact of transactions on shareholders' equityThe impact of the transactions described above on the Group's share of shareholders' equity (calculated on the basis of the 62 363 744 shares comprising the share capital and 66 739 256 shares on a fully diluted basis prior to completion of the transactions) would be as follows:Shareholders' equity at 31 December 2022 Sur une base non-diluée Sur une base diluée Before the transactions -0.23 € -0.19 € After the capital increase of 33 348 184 new shares -0.06 € -0.04 € After conversion of all the bonds  i.e. 16 000 000 new shares -0.02 € 0 € After exercise of all the warrants  i.e. 26 620 000 new shares 0.04 € 0.05 €Risk factorsDetailed information about LES AGENCES DE PAPA  including its business  results and risk factors  is presented in the management report for the year ended 31 December 2022. They are available  along with other regulated information and press releases  on the company's website https://lesagencesdepapa.frThe occurrence of some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on the Company's business  financial situation  results  development or prospects. The risk factors presented in the annual management report remain unchanged at the date of this press release.Notice of the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary MeetingThe Company's shareholders are invited to attend the Annual Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on Friday 30 June 2023 at 2.00 pm at the Company's registered office  25 avenue Jean Médecin - 06000 Nice.At this General Meeting  shareholders will be asked to approve the parent company financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022  to appropriate profits  to change the company's name and to delegate to the Board of Directors the authority to increase and reduce the company's share capital.A notice convening shareholders to attend the Annual General Meeting on Friday 30 June 2023 will be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO) on Wednesday 14 June 2023  setting out the agenda  the full text of the proposed resolutions and the main terms and conditions of attendance and voting. This notice and the Board of Directors' report on the draft resolutions will be available on the AGENCES DE PAPA website ( https://lesagencesdepapa.fr/ ).The preparatory documents for this General Meeting will be made available to the Company's shareholders in accordance with the procedures and within the deadlines set out in the applicable regulations.About Les Agences de Papa:Les Agences de Papa is an independent digital real estate network set up in October 2019 by 2 entrepreneurial dads from Nice  Nicolas Fratini and Frédéric Ibanez. The company offers a unique and differentiating offering  based on the concept of a 100% digital estate agency with a fixed commission. www.lesagencesdepapa.frAbout Versity:VERSITY is the first metaverse dedicated to real estate and the housing life cycle  serving professionals  investors and private individuals. The VERSITY metaverse aims to become the benchmark ecosystem for real-time exchanges between all the players involved in a property transaction. https://www.versity.io/Contacts",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.18,0.2,True,English,"['12-month working capital requirement', 'Les Agences de', 'consolidated results', 'Papa', 'securing', '2022', 'LES AGENCES DE PAPA SA', 'convertible bond financing Annual General Meeting', 'losses 12-month working capital requirement', 'Frédéric Ibanez', 'Capital Système Investissements', 'full annual financial report', '€4m convertible bond issue', 'LES PAPAS INVEST', 'working capital requirements', 'Cap table dilution', '€8.4m capital increase', 'two longstanding shareholders', 'consolidated financial statements', 'unit subscription price', 'current account receivables', ""shareholders' equity interests"", 'annual rate', 'convertible bonds', 'share capital', 'financial partner', ""shareholders' interests"", 'current accounts', 'historical shareholders', 'main shareholders', 'significant reduction', 'Euronext access', 'management fees', 'same time', 'external expenses', 'total purchases', 'external charges', 'Net profit', 'statutory auditors', 'next 12 months', '8th resolution', 'promising future', 'great deal', 'unit price', 'nominal value', 'Gilles-Emmanuel Trutat', 'standing investor', 'new funding', 'one share', 'total value', 'issue premium', 'first half', 'financial year', 'consolidated results', 'Consolidated sales', 'cash flow', 'cash contributions', 'stock warrants', 'diluted basis', 'historic investors', 'long term', 'Shareholder interest', 'positive impact', '33,348,184 new shares', '16,000,000 new shares', 'various transactions', 'The Company', '2022 results', '62,363,744 shares', '66,739,256 shares', 'securing', 'turnover', 'costs', '30 June', 'MLPAP', 'Group', '31 December', 'Board', 'Directors', '31 May', 'website', 'issues', 'authority', '9 September', 'fundraising', 'founders', 'aim', 'operation', 'Versity', 'serenity', '30 May', '50% discount', 'last', 'Conversion', 'Chairman', 'projects', 'metaverse', 'purpose', 'GFI', 'Partners', 'category', 'Exercise', 'tables', 'dilutions', 'completion']",2022-06-01,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-april-2023-monthly-factsheet-301837252.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited April 2023 Monthly Factsheet,LONDON  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for April 2023. - Net Asset Value: $2 762m - Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $30.11 - Share Price (TFG NA): $10.45 - Monthly NAV per share total return: 1.7% - Monthly Return on Equ…,LONDON  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon has released its Monthly Factsheet for April 2023.- Net Asset Value: $2 762m- Fully Diluted NAV Per Share: $30.11- Share Price (TFG NA): $10.45- Monthly NAV per share total return: 1.7%- Monthly Return on Equity: 0.2%- Most recent quarterly dividend: $0.11- Dividend yield: 4.2%Please refer to important disclosures on page three of the Monthly Factsheet.Please click below to access the Monthly Factsheet.April 2023 FactsheetAbout Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon Investor Relations:Yuko Thomas[email protected]Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners[email protected]U.K. +44 20 3890 9193U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'April', 'Factsheet', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. persons', 'collective investment scheme', 'Net Asset Value', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'recent quarterly dividend', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Tetragon Investor Relations', 'share total return', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'Dividend yield', 'Share Price', 'TFG NA', 'important disclosures', 'voting shares', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Yuko Thomas', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'Diluted NAV', 'public offer', 'May', 'PRNewswire', 'Factsheet', 'April', 'Equity', 'page', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/31/2679663/0/en/QUADIENT-SA-Solid-growth-in-subscriptions-drives-positive-start-to-the-year-Q1-2023-consolidated-sales-up-2-1-organically.html,QUADIENT SA: Solid growth in subscriptions drives positive start to the year: Q1 2023 consolidated sales up 2.1% organically,Solid growth in subscriptions drives positive start to the year: Q1 2023 consolidated sales up 2.1% organically      Key highlights    Consolidated...,English FrenchSolid growth in subscriptions drives positive start to the year:Q1 2023 consolidated sales up 2.1% organicallyKey highlightsConsolidated sales of € 256 million   up + 2.1 % organically 1 and up +1.3% on a reported basis  and up +1.3% on a reported basis Q1 2023 s ubscription-related revenue up + 3. 1 % on an organic basis  representing 72 % of total revenueon an organic basis  Strong performance from North America with all three solutions contributing to the +5.9% organic growth in the regionwith all three solutions contributing to the +5.9% organic growth in the region FY 2023 outlook confirmedParis  31 May 2023 Quadient S.A. (Euronext Paris: QDT  eligible for PEA-PME investing)  a leader in business solutions for meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces today its 2023 first-quarter consolidated sales (period ended on 30 April 2023).Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer of Quadient S.A.  stated: “We had a positive start to the year with Q1 sales driven by continuous strong performance in North America and further growth in subscription-related revenue. The good momentum experienced in North America reflects the scale and maturity of our business model in the region while we are now increasingly focusing on rolling out our strategic plan in other regions  particularly in Western Europe. For example  in the UK and in France  we are driving the deployment of our open parcel locker networks as well as growing our recently launched automated accounts receivable and accounts payable software offerings. We are also very much encouraged by the contribution of each one of our three Solutions to the first quarter sales. Our Mail-Related Solutions continue to show a high level of resilience and good hardware placements. As the transition towards a SaaS2 model nears completion  revenue from our Software activities is accelerating to a double-digit organic growth. And we expect higher customer retention  more up-selling and more cross-selling to be driven by our newly released integrated modular hub for which over 1 000 customers have already been onboarded within a few weeks. Last but not least  Parcel Locker Solutions delivered a healthy organic growth with improving trends in the US and positive developments in Europe. Based on this good start to the year  we confirm our FY 2023 guidance as well as our mid-term 2021-23 financial targets.”FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALESGroup sales stood at €256 million in Q1 2023  a 2.1% organic growth compared to Q1 2022 and a 1.3% increase on a reported basis. The variation includes a positive currency impact of +0.6% or €1 million and a negative scope effect of (1.4)% or €(3) million. The change of scope is related to the divestments of the Graphic activities in the Nordics and the Shipping business in France  both sold in June 2022.Consolidated sales by SolutionConsolidated SalesIn € million Q1 2023 Q1 2022restated(a) Change Organic change1 Intelligent Communication Automation 58 52 +11.0% +10.4% Mail-Related Solutions 176 177 (0.3)% (1.1)% Parcel Locker Solutions 21 20 +7.4% +8.7% Other solutions divested in 2022 0 3 n/a n/a Group total 256 253 +1.3% +2.1% (a) Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions now includes activities previously accounted for in Additional Operations.Intelligent Communication AutomationIn Q1 2023  sales from Intelligent Communication Automation reached €58 million  up 10.4% organically and up 11.0% on a reported basis compared to Q1 2022. Subscription-related revenue  which recorded a strong 20.7% organic growth  accounted for 80% of Intelligent Communication Automation total sales in Q1 2023  a significant increase compared to the 73% recorded in Q1 2022.At the end of Q1 2023  annual recurring revenue  which is a forward-looking indicator of future subscription-related revenue  reached €193 million  up from €187 million at the end of FY 2022. Of note  the strong contribution of the Mail-Related Solutions sales force driving a 100% increase in Software cross-sell bookings.The share of SaaS customers reached 80% at the end of Q1 2023 compared to 78% at the end of Q1 2022. As the transition to the SaaS model continues to progress  the weight of license sales has decreased further  recording an (8.5)% organic decline in Q1 2023. Software licence sales only represented 7% of Intelligent Communication Automation total sales in Q1 2023. Professional services (13% of sales) also went down  recording a (21.7)% organic decline. This acceleration of the decline is due to the change in business model  driving less services for onboarding cloud customers and to the customer mix evolution towards mid-sized companies.Pursuing the mission to unify business communications and financial automation into one single cloud-platform  Quadient product teams released the first version of the new Quadient Hub  an intuitive and user-friendly interface for all Quadient software solutions with centralized access in one location. Focus is on powering the platform with Artificial Intelligence and on driving decisions with analytics to offer insightful recommendations and data-driven improvements. Over 1 000 customers have already been onboarded on this new platform. Importantly  this modular hub is providing the Group with a powerful driver of cross-sell and up-sell.During the first quarter of 2023  Quadient further improved the features of its software offering. Firstly  Quadient released a new advanced AI-based cash application service to offer mid-market and enterprise customers a complete end-to-end accounts receivable (AR) automation solution. Secondly  Quadient’s accounts payable (AP) solution was integrated with Sage 100  a leading business management enterprise resource planning (ERP) solution for small and medium-sized businesses.Q1 2023 also brought additional external recognitions for Quadient's SaaS solutions. Quadient was again named as a leader in the 2023 SPARK MatrixTM for Customer Communication Management solutions and has also joined for the first time the selective “Invoice to cash” Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ in 2023  being one amongst only nine ranked companies out of twenty surveyed by Gartner in a very competitive market.Mail-Related SolutionsMail-Related Solutions sales reached €176 million in Q1 2023 slightly down (0.3)% on a reported basis and down (1.1)% on an organic basis. While the level of activity remains dynamic in North America  for both subscription-related revenue and hardware sales  the Main European countries are lagging.Overall  the solid trend seen in the last few quarters for hardware sales continued in Q1 2023 with a 3.7% organic increase. Quadient’s strategy to renew its product offering supports this positive trend thanks to the increasing penetration of the new generation of innovative machines. The share of the upgraded installed base reached 22.0% at the end of Q1 2023  vs 19.9% at the end of FY 2022.Subscription-related revenues (70% of Mail-Related Solutions sales) recorded a limited (3.0)% decline in Q1 2023  a resilient performance driven by both the solid installed base and the contribution from multi-year largely indexed contracts.This focus on mobilizing the sales force to both nurture its installed base and to seize cross-sell and up-sell opportunities remained extremely dynamic in Q1 2023 as Mail-Related Solutions sales force drove a 100% increase in Software cross-sell bookings.Parcel Locker SolutionsParcel Locker Solutions sales increased by 7.4% on a reported basis  to €21 million in Q1 2023  an 8.7% organic increase compared to Q1 2022.License and hardware sales were slightly up 1.5% organically in Q1 2023  as new US locker installations start to normalise after the recent delays experienced in the residential and retail segments.Subscription-related revenues were up 11.2% organically  well oriented thanks to the strong contribution from the existing installed base and the deployment of existing contracts. Usage rate remains solid standing at 58% in Q1 2023. Subscription-related revenue stood at 65% of total revenue for Parcel Locker Solutions in Q1 2023.The development of the UK open network progresses and in Q1 2023  Quadient signed new partnerships with APCOA and Rontec. Those two parking and forecourts specialists represent up to 1 000 potential sites on which lockers could be installed as part of the deployment of the open network. Interest and request for information from retailer  carriers  and othere-commerce players for open networks of parcel lockers are high and Quadient is capitalising on its agnostic approach to grow in this field. In France  for example  a second carrier recently joined the open network  alongside Relais Colis.Quadient’s global installed locker base reached c.18 500 units at the end of Q1 2023.Consolidated sales by geographiesIn € million Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Change Organic change1 North America 145 135 +8.1% +5.9% Main European countries(a) 86 89 (2.8)% (3.8)% International(b) 24 29 (18.0)% +2.9% Group total 256 253 +1.3% +2.1% (a) Including Austria  Benelux  France  Germany  Ireland  Italy  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom.(b) International includes the activities of Intelligent Communication Automation  Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions outside of North America and the Main European countries as well as  in Q1 2022  other solutions previously recorded under Additional Operation and divested in Q2 2022s.Sales in North America (57% of Group sales) were up 5.9% organically to €145 million and 8.1% on a reported basis. All three Solutions posted organic growth. Strong performance from Intelligent Communication Automation as well as solid hardware sales for Mail-Related Solutions  close to double digit growth and significatively outpacing the market  were the main contributors to the growth in the region. Penetration of Quadient’s cloud-based solutions continues to be well supported by successful cross-selling from the Mail customer base. Quadient’s Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable cloud solutions also performed well in the region  contributing to the overall solid performance for the quarter. Parcel Locker Solutions experienced a solid double-digit increase following last year’s delays in the deployment of retail and residential projects.Main European countries (34% of Group sales) were down by 3.8% organically and 2.8% on a reported basis to €86 million Performance has been contrasted by Solution in the region. Mail-Related Solutions posted a lower year-over-year organic contribution while Intelligent Communication Automation benefited from the penetration of the recently launched Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable cloud solutions. However  the decline in license sales due to the change in business model continues to impact the overall growth for this Solution. Parcel Locker Solutions recorded growth in the region  supported by the on-going deployment of existing contracts.The International segment (9% of Group sales) delivered a 2.9% organic growth  to €24 million  continuing the positive trend seen throughout 2022 with Intelligent Communication Automation as the prime contributor to the growth while Mail-Related Solutions showed strong resilience in the quarter. The 18.0% reported decline recorded by the International segment is due to currency impact and to the scope effect related to the divestment of the Graphic activities in the Nordics and the Shipping business in France  both sold in June 2022.OUTLOOKFY 2023 guidance and 2021-2023 financial outlook confirmedThe 2.1% organic growth recorded in Q1 2023 as well as the robust business trends seen across all three Solutions enable the Group to be confident in its ability to deliver its FY 2023 guidance as well as its three years 2021-23 CAGR targets. The recurring nature of the business model offers a good visibility of future revenues while demand for automation services remains very solid  fuelling growth. Further contribution from the phased pricing indexation is also expected to contribute to the full-year performance. FY 2023 guidance as well as the mid-term financial outlook are therefore confirmed.Revenue guidanceSales outlook is confirmed at minimum 3% organic sales CAGR over 2021-23FY 2023 organic sales growth is expected at c.3%.Current EBIT3 guidanceCurrent EBIT 3 outlook is confirmed at minimum mid-single digit organic 4 current EBIT 3 CAGR over 2021-23outlook is confirmed at minimum mid-single digit organic current EBIT CAGR over 2021-23 FY 2023 organic growth5 in current EBIT3 is expected at c.10%.BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSQuadient introduces iX‑1 postage meter in U.S. for small business and home officesOn 1 February 2023  Quadient announced the general availability in the U.S. of the Quadient iX‑1 postage meter  a compact yet powerful mailing system that combines mail and parcel processing into one user‑friendly solution designed for the small office environment.New Drop Box facilitates returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient lockers in UK; Evri to be the first carrier to use the technologyOn 7 February 2023  Quadient introduced an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.Quadient celebrates milestone of 10 000 smart locker units Installed in North America and 18 000 worldwideOn 28 February 2023  Quadient announced it has reached a significant milestone with more than 10 000 parcel locker units in operation in the United States and Canada and a total of 18 000 units globally.Ferguson selects Quadient’s smart lockers for convenient  secure order pickupOn 13 March 2023  Quadient announced Ferguson  a leading distributor providing expertise  solutions  and products from infrastructure  plumbing and appliances to HVAC1  fire  fabrication and more  has deployed Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers  including the new line of oversized lockers  in direct response to customer demand for a streamlined in‑store pickup experience during and outside of regular store hours.Ferguson operates over 1 500 locations in the United States  serving all fifty states  many with same‑day and next‑day product availability.Quadient accelerates growth of cloud‑based solutions in the public sector with more than twenty new contracts signed in 2022On 15 March 2023  Quadient announced growth momentum for its Intelligent Communication Automation solutions among public sector organizations across major geographies. In the 2022 fiscal year that closed 31 January 2023  more than twenty new public sector organizations selected Quadient’s cloud‑based solutions to manage critical multichannel communications  accounting for nearly 10% of new contracts’ value and almost a tenfold increase over 2021.Already more than 20 000 customers signed up for Switch™  Quadient's secure online mail platform for small businessesOn 29 March 2023  Quadient announced the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud‑based platform for sending business mail online  replacing traditional document printing and mailing processes  as well as saving valuable time.Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA‑PME schemeOn 31 March 2023  Quadient announced its eligibility for the PEA‑PME scheme  as it complies with the criteria for inclusion set by Article L.221‑32‑2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Consequently  investment in Quadient shares can be made through PEA‑PME accounts.New international carrier joins Quadient's open locker network in FranceOn 6 April 2023  Quadient announced that it has secured a new contract with an international carrier for the use of its open network of smart parcel lockers in France alongside Relais Colis  Quadient’s long‑time partner in this business.Quadient expands UK open locker network with two new host partners giving access to more than 1 000 sitesOn 12 April 2023  Quadient announced that it will expand its Parcel Pending by Quadient Open Locker Network in the UK  with two new host partners representing more than 1 000 potential sites for lockers:APCOA: UK and Ireland’s leading parking mobility technology & solutions provider working across transportation  health & education  retail  and local government sectors.Rontec: One of the leading players in the UK forecourt industry  operating 264 roadside retail forecourts under the Esso  BP  and Shell brands.Quadient achieves leader position in 2023 SPARK Matrix for customer communications managementOn 17 April 2023  Quadient announced that it has been named by Quadrant Knowledge Solutions as a 2023 technology leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management  2023.Quadient announces AI-based cash application module to accelerate invoice-to-cash processesOn 26 April 2023  Quadient announced the global availability of a new Advanced Cash Application module for Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation SaaS platform  to offer mid-market and enterprise customers a complete end-to-end Accounts Receivable (AR) automation solution.Quadient connects its accounts payable solution to Sage 100 to enhance and streamline invoice processingOn 27 April 2023  Quadient announced that its accounts payable automation solution  Quadient Accounts Payable (AP) by Beanworks  is now connected to Sage 100  a leading business management enterprise resource planning (ERP) solution for small and medium-sized businesses.POST-CLOSING EVENTSBunker Hill community college selects Quadient smart lockers to provide students with flexible  private access to foodOn 2 May 2023  Quadient announced that Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC)  a public community college in Boston  Massachusetts serving a diverse student population of over 16 000  has selected Parcel Pending by Quadient refrigerated lockers to expand its successful DISH Food Pantry program that assists students struggling with food insecurity.Quadient recognized for the first time in 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for integrated invoice-to-cash applicationsOn 9 May 2023  Quadient announced that for the first time  it has been recognized by Gartner® in the Magic Quadrant™ for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash Applications for its offering  Quadient Accounts Receivable (AR) by YayPay. The evaluation was based on specific criteria that analyzed the company’s overall completeness of vision and ability to execute.Gartner Magic Quadrant reports are a culmination of rigorous  fact-based research in specific markets  providing a wide-angle view of the relative positions of the providers in markets where growth is high and provider differentiation is distinct. The research enables organizations to get the most from market analysis in alignment with their unique business and technology needs.Quadient awarded Platinum rating by EcoVadis for second year  placing in the top 1% of companiesOn 11 May 2023  Quadient announced it has been awarded a Platinum rating by EcoVadis for the second year running. EcoVadis is a leading ratings organization for sustainability  and its Platinum rating is the highest distinction awarded to the top 1% of performing companies that EcoVadis rates in different industries. EcoVadis assesses more than 100 000 companies in over 175 countries across two hundred industries  evaluating twenty-one sustainability criteria in four core themes: Environment  Labor & Human Rights  Ethics and Sustainable Procurement.OneRail and Quadient partner to provide faster and frictionless delivery solutionsOn 23 May 2023  Quadient announced a partnership to provide smart lockers as part of an omnichannel solution for a fast and seamless delivery experience.Integrated with OneRail’s Omnipoint platform  the Parcel Pending by Quadient smart locker system can be seamlessly incorporated into the existing order fulfillment process of retailers  enabling them to offer efficient and reliable delivery options to their customers and greater flexibility for delivery drivers to quickly pick up products  no matter the size  all while maintaining the visual integrity of the retail location.To know more about Quadient’s newsflow  previous press releases are available on our website at the following address: https://invest.quadient.com/en-US/press-releases.CONFERENCE CALL & WEBCASTQuadient will host a conference call and webcast today at 6:00 pm Paris time (5:00 pm London time).To join the webcast  click on the following link: Webcast.To join the conference call  please use one of the following phone numbers:▪ France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66.▪ United States: +1 786 697 3501.▪ United Kingdom (standard international): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200.Password: QuadientA replay of the webcast will also be available on Quadient’s Investor Relations website for 12 months.CALENDAR16 June 2023 : Annual General Sharehold ers Meeting: 20 September 2023: Half-year 2023 resultsAbout Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 61 39c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr1 Q1 2023 sales are compared to Q1 2022 sales  from which is deducted revenue from Graphics activities in the Nordics and Shipping business in France for a consolidated amountof -€3 million  and are restated for a €1 million positive currency impact over the period.2 Software as a Service3 Current operating income before acquisition-related expenses.4 Based on 2020 current operating income before acquisition-related expenses excluding Parcel Pending’s earn-out reversal  i.e. €145 million  with a scope effect resulting in a €140 million pro forma. The organic growth calculation excludes scope  forex and IFRIC impacts.5 Organic change excludes currency  scope and IFRIC impacts.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.15,0.08,True,English,"['QUADIENT SA', 'Solid growth', 'positive start', 'subscriptions', 'year', 'sales', 'Change Organic change1 Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Intelligent Communication Automation total sales', 'mid-term 2021-23 financial targets', 'open parcel locker networks', 'accounts payable software offerings', 'Mail-Related Solutions sales force', 'automated accounts receivable', 'meaningful customer connections', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'higher customer retention', 'Software cross-sell bookings', 'customer mix evolution', 'Quadient product teams', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Quadient S.A.', 'Software licence sales', 'new Quadient Hub', 'Quadient software solutions', 'good hardware placements', 'Solution Consolidated Sales', 'positive currency impact', 'annual recurring revenue', 'first quarter sales', 'continuous strong performance', 'negative scope effect', 'double-digit organic growth', 'healthy organic growth', 'future subscription-related revenue', 'strong 20.7% organic growth', '2023 first-quarter consolidated sales', 'SALES Group sales', 'financial automation', 'total revenue', '+5.9% organic growth', '2.1% organic growth', 'Software activities', 'license sales', 'modular hub', 'first version', 'three solutions', 'business solutions', 'Other solutions', 'good momentum', 'good start', 'Solid growth', 'positive start', 'positive developments', '21.7)% organic decline', 'organic basis', 'English French', 'Key highlights', 'North America', 'PEA-PME investing', 'physical channels', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'business model', 'strategic plan', 'other regions', 'high level', 'SaaS2 model', 'Shipping business', 'Additional Operations', 'looking indicator', 'strong contribution', 'SaaS model', 'Professional services', 'less services', 'mid-sized companies', 'business communications', 'user-friendly interface', 'centralized access', 'one location', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Q1 2023 s', 'Q1 sales', 'FY 2023 outlook', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'Graphic activities', 'SaaS customers', 'cloud customers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Western Europe', 'significant increase', '1,000 customers', '1.3% increase', '100% increase', 'subscriptions', 'year', '31 May', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'period', '30 April', 'scale', 'maturity', 'example', 'UK', 'France', 'deployment', 'resilience', 'transition', 'completion', 'weeks', 'trends', 'variation', 'divestments', 'Nordics', 'June', 'forward', 'note', 'share', 'weight', 'acceleration', 'mission', 'intuitive', 'Focus', 'platform', 'driv', '€']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,globenewswire.com
25610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-2022-23-EBIT-margin-of-14-5-Revenue-growth-of-9-targeted-in-2023-24-44004615/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Wavestone :  2022/23 EBIT margin of 14.5% - Revenue growth of +9% targeted in 2023/24,(marketscreener.com)  At its meeting of May 31  2023  Wavestone's Board approved the consolidated annual accounts for the 2022/23 fiscal year ended March 31  2023  which are summarized below. Auditing of the accounts is complete and the auditors are in the …,"At its meeting of May 31  2023  Wavestone's Board approved the consolidated annual accounts for the 2022/23 fiscal year ended March 31  2023  which are summarized below. Auditing of the accounts is complete and the auditors are in the process of issuing their report.Consolidated audited dataat 03/31 (in €m) 2022/23 2021/22 Change Revenue 532.3 470.1 +13% EBITEBIT margin 77 .014.5% 74.815.9% +3% Amortization of client relationshipsOther operating income and expensesOperating income (1.5)(2.9)72.7 (1.5)(0.5)72.80 % Cost of financial debtOther financial income and expensesIncome tax expenses (1.8)(2.3)(18.5) (0.9)(0.0)(20.9) Group share of net incomeNet margin 50.19.4% 51.010.9% -2%Revenue of €532.3m in 2022/23  up +13%At the end of the 2022/23 fiscal year  Wavestone's consolidated revenue had reached €532.3m  an increase of +13%. At constant exchange rates  this amounts to €528.6m  in line with the objective of a consolidated revenue of over €525m.Wavestone made three external growth acquisitions during the year: the sustainable-development consulting firm Nomadéis in France  and the firms PEN Partnership and Coeus Consulting in the UK.On a constant scope and forex basis  annual growth was +7%.Strong recruitment momentum and falling staff turnoverThe very solid rate of recruitment throughout the 2022/23 fiscal year has led the firm to recruit around 1 300 new employees  significantly exceeding its annual recruitment plan of 1 000 new employees.Falling over H2  the staff turnover rate was reduced to 16% over the entire fiscal year  compared with 18% in 2021/22.At March 31  2023  Wavestone had 4 406 employees  compared with 3 732 at the end of March 2022. This figure includes 126 from the acquisitions of Nomadéis  PEN Partnership  and Coeus Consulting.Consultant utilization rate down at 73%; average sales price up by +4%Due to the considerable number of new starters in H2  compounded with a slowdown in business activity in the final quarter  the consultant utilization rate stood at 73% for the whole fiscal year  compared with 77% a year earlier.The average daily rate for the year was €890  showing growth of +4%  compared with an average sales price of €854 in 2021/22. At constant exchange rates  the average daily rate increased by +3%  to €883.EBIT margin of 14.5% and net margin of 9.4%In 2022/23  EBIT reached €77.0m  compared with €74.8m a year earlier – an increase of +3%.EBIT margin stood at 14.5%  in line with the level announced on March 8  2023  which included a degree of caution about the initial target of 15%  due to the decline in consultant utilization rate in Q4.It should be noted that the 2022/23 EBIT includes a non-recurring charge of €1.4m within the personnel costs  which is linked to the application of Amendment No. 46 to the Syntec collective agreement  an amendment relating to the calculation of retirement severance pay.Adjustments to the salary policy  implemented over the fiscal year to maintain the firm's attractiveness  did not prevent a small increase in the sales price to salary ratio in 2022/23  as a result of a strongly positioned average daily rate. In terms of operating expenses  which were still subdued over the 2021/22 fiscal year against a post-Covid-19 backdrop  Wavestone's expenses grew in 2022/23  particularly on recruitment and human resources.After taking into account the amortization of client relationships and other non-current income and expenses (€2.9m in 2022/23  compared with €0.5m in 2021/22)  consisting mainly of expenses relating to the acquisitions over the fiscal year  operating income was €72.7m  largely stable compared with the previous fiscal year.Due to acquisitions over the fiscal year and the rise in interest rates  the cost of net financial debt rose to €1.8m  compared with €0.9m a year earlier. Other financial income and expenses amounted to -€2.3m and break down into -€1.3m in financial instrument costs  -€0.8m in foreign exchange losses and -€0.2m inIFRS 16 interest.The tax charge fell to €18.5m  compared with €20.9m a year earlier  as a result of falling French tax rates.Group share of net income stood at €50.1m at the end of the 2022/23 fiscal year  down slightly from 2021/22. Net margin was 9.4% in 2022/23  compared with 10.9% a year earlier.Increase in self-financing capacity and €41.1m in operating cash flowAt the end of the 2022/23 fiscal year  Wavestone had a self-financing capacity of €83.8m  an increase of +6% compared with the previous fiscal year.The change in working capital requirement (WCR) consumed €21.6m over the fiscal year  compared with €6.9m a year earlier  due to business growth and extension of customer payment times.After taking into account the payment of taxes (€21.1m)  Wavestone generated an operating cash flow of €41.1m in 2022/23  compared with €56.3m a year earlier.Investment transactions consumed €52.7m  mostly accounted for by the acquisitions of Nomadéis PEN Partnership  and Coeus Consulting.Financing flows amounted to -€25.8m  including mainly -€4.4m in net repayments of financial loans  -€6.4m in share buybacks to cover all free share allocation plans to employees  -€5.1m in lease liability repayments (under IFRS 16)  and -€7.6m in dividend payments for the 2021/22 fiscal year.Available cash and cash equivalents of €27.1m at March 31  2023At March 31  2023  Wavestone's equity had increased to €299.1m.The external growth transactions carried out over the fiscal year led to an increase in goodwill  which reached €235.4m.The net cash position[1] was €27.1m at the end of March 2023  compared with net debt of €16.2m at the midyear point  and a net cash position of €60.3m at the end of March 2022.Available cash and cash equivalents amounted to €70.8m  compared with €108.3m a year earlier.Consolidated audited dataat 03/31 (in €m) (3/31/23) (3/31/22) Consolidated audited dataat 03/31 (in €m) (3/31/23) (3/31/22) Non-current assets 272.8 214.9 Shareholders' equity 299.1 257.0 of which goodwill 235.4 178.5 including rights to use leased assets 13.2 14.5 Financial liabilitiesof which less than one year 43.75.7 47.98.1 Current assets 193.1 171.1 Lease liabilities 15.9 18.1 of which trade receivables 176.6 147.8 Cash and cash equivalents 70.8 108.3 Non-financial liabilities 178 .2 171.3 Total 536.8 494.2 Total 536.8 494.2At the Shareholders' Annual General Meeting on July 27  2023  Wavestone's Board will propose the payment of a dividend of €0.38 per share for the 2022/23 fiscal year  an identical sum to the one paid in 2022  representing 15% of group share of net income.Continued progress on sustainability in 2022/23During the 2022/23 fiscal year  Wavestone continued to move forward on sustainable development.In line with its CSR commitments  the firm achieved or exceeded most of its objectives for the year. In particular  Wavestone has seen progress on the deployment of its responsible consulting approach  on diversity and inclusion  on societal commitments  and the reduction of its carbon footprint  which follows a trajectory aligned with the SBTi's Net Zero Standard (short- and long-term objectives validated in May 2023 by SBTi).However  the firm remains below its objectives in terms of staff turnover and NPS®[2].The staff turnover rate fell sharply at the end of the year to 16% but is still slightly above its normative target of 15%.With regard to the NPS®  the actions taken over the year have not  so far  produced the expected results. The indicator stands at 45  down from the target of 50  with the high staff turnover rates in H1 undoubtedly one of the causes.CSR Indicators 2022/23 2021/22 NPS® 45 48 Number of projects carried out with the responsible consulting approach 119 37 Employee engagement index 74 70 Staff turnover rate 16% 18% Proportion of women in management 35% 33% Number of employees with a disability 49 35 Employees trained in applying the business ethics charter 96% 97% Workforce time spent on societal commitments 1.3% 1.0% Reduction in carbon footprint  compared with the 2019/20 fiscal year Scopes 1 and 2 (total Wavestone footprint) -51%[3] - Scope 3 (footprint per employee) -27%3 -Outlook for the 2023/24 fiscal yearThe 2023/24 fiscal year begins in a less buoyant market environment  where it is difficult to identify firm sectoral trends. Despite this context  Wavestone intends to progressively restore its levels of business activity over the course of the year.This recovery should materialize from Q1 2023/24  with a consultant utilization rate of about 73% over the period  compared with 71% in Q4 2022/23. Prices remain strongly positioned.Throughout the year  the firm's priority will be the intensity and agility of its business development activity  to take advantage of market segments and clients offering the best development opportunities. In terms of recruitment  however  the firm will be slowing down its efforts  due to the market environment  but also to the fall in staff turnover.The company is also pursuing its activity in terms of external growth  giving priority to the UK and the US  but without ruling out tactical purchases in other geographies. The firm remains also open to opportunities for more transformative mergers.Looking toward the medium term  Wavestone confirms the revenue trajectory set out in its strategic plan Impact  which is helped by its significant strength in terms of workforce at the start of the 2023/24 fiscal year.2023/24 financial targets: revenue of more than €580m and an EBIT margin of the order of 15%For the 2023/24 fiscal year  Wavestone has set itself the objective of achieving organic growth at least equal to that of the past fiscal year (+7%)  despite an unfavorable working day impact (of -1.6%).Taking into account the impact of the full-year consolidation of PEN Partnership and Coeus Consulting  Wavestone is targeting consolidated revenue of over €580m for the 2023/24 fiscal year  which represents total growth of 9%.With respect to profitability  the firm is targeting an EBIT margin of the order of 15%. It should be noted that growth and profitability in H1 of the fiscal year will be significantly affected by an unfavorable working day impact of -2.4%  compared with H1 of the previous fiscal year.The objectives set out above are calculated on a constant forex basis and exclude new acquisitions.Next events: Q1 2023/24 revenue  Wednesday  July 26  2023  after Euronext market closing; and the Shareholders' Annual General Meeting  Thursday  July 27  2023  at 9:00am.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the aim of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This is anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in our overarching values  known as “The Positive Way.”Wavestone draws on more than 4 000 employees across Europe  Asia  and the United States  and is a leading global consultancy.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris  is recognized as a Great Place to Work®  and ranked in Forbes's World Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35Appendix 1: Consolidated income statement at 3/31/23 Audited consolidated data – IFRS standards (€k) (3/31/23) (3/31/22) Revenue 532 264 470 057 Purchases consumed -21 753 -11 190 Personnel costs -373 278 -336 016 External expenses -46 594 -34 432 Levies and taxes -8 044 -7 748 Net allocation for depreciation and provisions -5 771 -6 023 Other operating income and expenses 218 157 EBIT 77 042 74 805 Amortization of client relationships -1 493 -1 493 Other operating income and expenses -2 864 -501 Operating income 72 685 72 811 Financial income 10 15 Cost of gross financial debt -1 766 -899 Cost of net financial debt -1 756 -884 Other financial income and expenses -2 348 -16 Pre-tax income 68 580 71 912 Income tax expenses -18 513 -20 880 Net income 50 068 51 032 Minority interests 0 0 Group share of net income 50 068 51 032 Group share of net income per share (€) (1) 2.51 2.55 Group share of diluted net income per share (€) 2.51 2.55 (1) Number of shares weighted over the period.Appendix 2: Consolidated balance sheet at 3/31/23 Audited consolidated data – IFRS standards (€k) (3/31/23) (3/31/22) Goodwill 235 355 178 512 Intangible assets 2 644 4 320 Tangible assets 8 815 6 879 Rights to use leased assets 13 179 14 468 Financial assets – more than one year 1 790 1 296 Other non-current assets 11 038 9 397 Non-current assets 272 820 214 872 Trade and related receivables 176 595 147 761 Other receivables 16 549 23 351 Cash and cash equivalents 70 824 108 251 Current assets 263 968 279 363 Total assets 536 788 494 235 Capital 505 505 Issue and merger premiums; additional paid-in capital 11 218 11 218 Consolidated reserves and earnings 285 314 243 139 Conversion-rate adjustment 2 013 2 122 Total shareholders' equity  group share 299 050 256 984 Minority interests 0 0 Total equity 299 050 256 984 Long-term provisions 13 316 14 287 Financial liabilities - more than one year 38 047 39 811 Lease liabilities – more than one year 11 098 13 097 Other non-current liabilities 1 023 332 Non-current liabilities 63 485 67 528 Short-term provisions 4 755 5 253 Financial liabilities - less than one year 5 654 8 109 Lease liabilities – less than one year 4 754 4 959 Trade payable 14 731 12 590 Tax and social security liabilities 106 272 109 770 Other current financial liabilities 38 087 29 042 Current liabilities 174 254 169 723 Total liabilities 536 788 494 235Appendix 3: Consolidated cash flow statement at 3/31/23 Audited consolidated data – IFRS standards (€k) (3/31/23) (3/31/22) Consolidated net income 50 068 51 032 Elimination of non-cash elements: Net depreciation and provisions(1) 9 907 3 051 Charges/(income) related to share-based payments 3 305 2 044 Losses/(gains) on disposals  net of tax -217 1 463 Other calculated income and expenses 256 -652 Cost of net financial debt (inc. interest on lease liabilities) 1 933 1 139 Tax charges/(income) 18 513 20 880 Self-financing capacity before net financial debt and tax costs 83 764 78 956 Tax paid -21 052 -15 768 Change in WCR -21 567 -6 853 Net cash flow from operations 41 146 56 335 Intangible and tangible fixed asset acquisitions -3 705 -455 Asset disposals 168 146 Change in financial assets 3 277 Impact of changes in scope -49 196 -12 452 Net cash flow from investments -52 731 -12 485 Sales (acquisitions) by the company of its own shares(2) -6 403 -2 361 Dividends paid to parent-company shareholders -7 612 -4 612 Dividends paid to minority interests of consolidated companies 0 0 Loans received 0 0 Repayment of loans -4 435 -8 472 Repayments of lease liabilities -5 132 -7 583 Net financial interest paid -2 078 -655 Net interest paid on lease liabilities -181 -282 Other flows related to financing operations -6 0 Net cash flow from financing operations -25 847 -23 965 Net change in cash and cash equivalents -37 432 19 885 Impact of translation differences -136 360 Opening cash position 108 249 88 003 Closing cash position 70 681 108 249 (1) Including €4 322k for the amortization of property usage rights (under IFRS 16) at 03/31/2023 and €6 281k at 03/31/2022. (2) For information  the company has delivered treasury shares to a value of €1 802k.[1] Excluding lease liabilities[2] NPS® is a registered trademark of Bain & Company  Inc.  Satmetrix Systems  Inc.  and Fred Reichheld. The NPS (Net Promoter Score) is a widely used indicator that measures customer satisfaction.[3] As part of the SBTi trajectory  emissions are now calculated and reported using the GHG Protocol methodology. The scope of the SBTi commitment includes all 3 scopes (market-based) and excludes optional emissions as defined by the GHG Protocol (hotel accommodation  remote employee working  external use of sites) and firms integrated in the 2022/23 fiscal year.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xmpwZJybZ2jGnZyalJxmaWFnm2ZmxGGWa2WaxpVxl5vFZ3Jpym2Wm8aVZnFhlm5u- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/80198-2023-03-503-sfaf-communique-ra-202223-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.18,0.49,True,English,"['2022/23 EBIT margin', 'Revenue growth', 'Wavestone', 'three external growth acquisitions', 'Syntec collective agreement', 'retirement severance pay', 'foreign exchange losses', 'working capital requirement', 'staff turnover rate', 'Consultant utilization rate', 'average daily rate', 'other non-current income', 'operating cash flow', 'constant exchange rates', 'French tax rates', 'Other financial income', 'average sales price', 'financial instrument costs', 'entire fiscal year', '2021/22 fiscal year', 'previous fiscal year', 'Other operating income', 'Strong recruitment momentum', 'falling staff turnover', 'customer payment times', '2022/23 fiscal year', 'net financial debt', 'annual recruitment plan', 'sustainable-development consulting firm', 'Income tax expenses', 'solid rate', 'interest rates', 'net income', 'constant scope', 'tax charge', 'annual growth', '2022/23 EBIT', 'personnel costs', 'Coeus Consulting', 'business growth', 'Net margin', 'client relationships', 'Group share', 'Nomadéis', 'PEN Partnership', 'forex basis', 'considerable number', 'new starters', 'business activity', 'final quarter', 'initial target', 'recurring charge', 'salary policy', 'salary ratio', 'Covid-19 backdrop', 'human resources', 'IFRS 16 interest', 'self-financing capacity', 'Investment transactions', 'Financing flows', 'operating expenses', 'annual accounts', 'consolidated revenue', 'EBIT margin', '1,300 new employees', '1,000 new employees', 'Amendment No.', 'Change Revenue', 'small increase', '4,406 employees', 'meeting', 'May', 'Wavestone', 'Board', 'Auditing', 'auditors', 'process', 'report', 'data', 'Amortization', '0 % Cost', 'line', 'objective', 'France', 'firms', 'UK', 'March', 'figure', 'slowdown', 'level', 'degree', 'caution', 'Q4.', 'application', 'calculation', 'Adjustments', 'attractiveness', 'result', 'terms', 'rise', 'WCR', 'extension', 'taxes', 'mainl', '10.']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/QUADIENT-SA-Solid-growth-in-subscriptions-drives-positive-start-to-the-year-Q1-2023-consolidated-s-44004451/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,QUADIENT SA: Solid growth in subscriptions drives positive start to the year: Q1 2023 consolidated sales up 2.1% organically,(marketscreener.com) Solid growth in subscriptions drives positive start to the year: Q1 2023 consolidated sales up 2.1% organically Key highlights Consolidated sales of €256 million  up +2.1% organically1 and up +1.3% on a reported basisQ1 2023 subscription-…,Solid growth in subscriptions drives positive start to the year:Q1 2023 consolidated sales up 2.1% organicallyKey highlightsConsolidated sales of € 256 million   up + 2.1 % organically 1 and up +1.3% on a reported basis  and up +1.3% on a reported basis Q1 2023 s ubscription-related revenue up + 3. 1 % on an organic basis  representing 72 % of total revenueon an organic basis  Strong performance from North America with all three solutions contributing to the +5.9% organic growth in the regionwith all three solutions contributing to the +5.9% organic growth in the region FY 2023 outlook confirmedParis  31 May 2023 Quadient S.A. (Euronext Paris: QDT  eligible for PEA-PME investing)  a leader in business solutions for meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces today its 2023 first-quarter consolidated sales (period ended on 30 April 2023).Geoffrey Godet  Chief Executive Officer of Quadient S.A.  stated: “We had a positive start to the year with Q1 sales driven by continuous strong performance in North America and further growth in subscription-related revenue. The good momentum experienced in North America reflects the scale and maturity of our business model in the region while we are now increasingly focusing on rolling out our strategic plan in other regions  particularly in Western Europe. For example  in the UK and in France  we are driving the deployment of our open parcel locker networks as well as growing our recently launched automated accounts receivable and accounts payable software offerings. We are also very much encouraged by the contribution of each one of our three Solutions to the first quarter sales. Our Mail-Related Solutions continue to show a high level of resilience and good hardware placements. As the transition towards a SaaS2 model nears completion  revenue from our Software activities is accelerating to a double-digit organic growth. And we expect higher customer retention  more up-selling and more cross-selling to be driven by our newly released integrated modular hub for which over 1 000 customers have already been onboarded within a few weeks. Last but not least  Parcel Locker Solutions delivered a healthy organic growth with improving trends in the US and positive developments in Europe. Based on this good start to the year  we confirm our FY 2023 guidance as well as our mid-term 2021-23 financial targets.”FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALESGroup sales stood at €256 million in Q1 2023  a 2.1% organic growth compared to Q1 2022 and a 1.3% increase on a reported basis. The variation includes a positive currency impact of +0.6% or €1 million and a negative scope effect of (1.4)% or €(3) million. The change of scope is related to the divestments of the Graphic activities in the Nordics and the Shipping business in France  both sold in June 2022.Consolidated sales by SolutionConsolidated SalesIn € million Q1 2023 Q1 2022restated(a) Change Organic change1 Intelligent Communication Automation 58 52 +11.0% +10.4% Mail-Related Solutions 176 177 (0.3)% (1.1)% Parcel Locker Solutions 21 20 +7.4% +8.7% Other solutions divested in 2022 0 3 n/a n/a Group total 256 253 +1.3% +2.1% (a) Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions now includes activities previously accounted for in Additional Operations.Intelligent Communication AutomationIn Q1 2023  sales from Intelligent Communication Automation reached €58 million  up 10.4% organically and up 11.0% on a reported basis compared to Q1 2022. Subscription-related revenue  which recorded a strong 20.7% organic growth  accounted for 80% of Intelligent Communication Automation total sales in Q1 2023  a significant increase compared to the 73% recorded in Q1 2022.At the end of Q1 2023  annual recurring revenue  which is a forward-looking indicator of future subscription-related revenue  reached €193 million  up from €187 million at the end of FY 2022. Of note  the strong contribution of the Mail-Related Solutions sales force driving a 100% increase in Software cross-sell bookings.The share of SaaS customers reached 80% at the end of Q1 2023 compared to 78% at the end of Q1 2022. As the transition to the SaaS model continues to progress  the weight of license sales has decreased further  recording an (8.5)% organic decline in Q1 2023. Software licence sales only represented 7% of Intelligent Communication Automation total sales in Q1 2023. Professional services (13% of sales) also went down  recording a (21.7)% organic decline. This acceleration of the decline is due to the change in business model  driving less services for onboarding cloud customers and to the customer mix evolution towards mid-sized companies.Pursuing the mission to unify business communications and financial automation into one single cloud-platform  Quadient product teams released the first version of the new Quadient Hub  an intuitive and user-friendly interface for all Quadient software solutions with centralized access in one location. Focus is on powering the platform with Artificial Intelligence and on driving decisions with analytics to offer insightful recommendations and data-driven improvements. Over 1 000 customers have already been onboarded on this new platform. Importantly  this modular hub is providing the Group with a powerful driver of cross-sell and up-sell.During the first quarter of 2023  Quadient further improved the features of its software offering. Firstly  Quadient released a new advanced AI-based cash application service to offer mid-market and enterprise customers a complete end-to-end accounts receivable (AR) automation solution. Secondly  Quadient’s accounts payable (AP) solution was integrated with Sage 100  a leading business management enterprise resource planning (ERP) solution for small and medium-sized businesses.Q1 2023 also brought additional external recognitions for Quadient's SaaS solutions. Quadient was again named as a leader in the 2023 SPARK MatrixTM for Customer Communication Management solutions and has also joined for the first time the selective “Invoice to cash” Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ in 2023  being one amongst only nine ranked companies out of twenty surveyed by Gartner in a very competitive market.Mail-Related SolutionsMail-Related Solutions sales reached €176 million in Q1 2023 slightly down (0.3)% on a reported basis and down (1.1)% on an organic basis. While the level of activity remains dynamic in North America  for both subscription-related revenue and hardware sales  the Main European countries are lagging.Overall  the solid trend seen in the last few quarters for hardware sales continued in Q1 2023 with a 3.7% organic increase. Quadient’s strategy to renew its product offering supports this positive trend thanks to the increasing penetration of the new generation of innovative machines. The share of the upgraded installed base reached 22.0% at the end of Q1 2023  vs 19.9% at the end of FY 2022.Subscription-related revenues (70% of Mail-Related Solutions sales) recorded a limited (3.0)% decline in Q1 2023  a resilient performance driven by both the solid installed base and the contribution from multi-year largely indexed contracts.This focus on mobilizing the sales force to both nurture its installed base and to seize cross-sell and up-sell opportunities remained extremely dynamic in Q1 2023 as Mail-Related Solutions sales force drove a 100% increase in Software cross-sell bookings.Parcel Locker SolutionsParcel Locker Solutions sales increased by 7.4% on a reported basis  to €21 million in Q1 2023  an 8.7% organic increase compared to Q1 2022.License and hardware sales were slightly up 1.5% organically in Q1 2023  as new US locker installations start to normalise after the recent delays experienced in the residential and retail segments.Subscription-related revenues were up 11.2% organically  well oriented thanks to the strong contribution from the existing installed base and the deployment of existing contracts. Usage rate remains solid standing at 58% in Q1 2023. Subscription-related revenue stood at 65% of total revenue for Parcel Locker Solutions in Q1 2023.The development of the UK open network progresses and in Q1 2023  Quadient signed new partnerships with APCOA and Rontec. Those two parking and forecourts specialists represent up to 1 000 potential sites on which lockers could be installed as part of the deployment of the open network. Interest and request for information from retailer  carriers  and othere-commerce players for open networks of parcel lockers are high and Quadient is capitalising on its agnostic approach to grow in this field. In France  for example  a second carrier recently joined the open network  alongside Relais Colis.Quadient’s global installed locker base reached c.18 500 units at the end of Q1 2023.Consolidated sales by geographiesIn € million Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Change Organic change1 North America 145 135 +8.1% +5.9% Main European countries(a) 86 89 (2.8)% (3.8)% International(b) 24 29 (18.0)% +2.9% Group total 256 253 +1.3% +2.1% (a) Including Austria  Benelux  France  Germany  Ireland  Italy  Switzerland  and the United Kingdom.(b) International includes the activities of Intelligent Communication Automation  Mail-Related Solutions and Parcel Locker Solutions outside of North America and the Main European countries as well as  in Q1 2022  other solutions previously recorded under Additional Operation and divested in Q2 2022s.Sales in North America (57% of Group sales) were up 5.9% organically to €145 million and 8.1% on a reported basis. All three Solutions posted organic growth. Strong performance from Intelligent Communication Automation as well as solid hardware sales for Mail-Related Solutions  close to double digit growth and significatively outpacing the market  were the main contributors to the growth in the region. Penetration of Quadient’s cloud-based solutions continues to be well supported by successful cross-selling from the Mail customer base. Quadient’s Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable cloud solutions also performed well in the region  contributing to the overall solid performance for the quarter. Parcel Locker Solutions experienced a solid double-digit increase following last year’s delays in the deployment of retail and residential projects.Main European countries (34% of Group sales) were down by 3.8% organically and 2.8% on a reported basis to €86 million Performance has been contrasted by Solution in the region. Mail-Related Solutions posted a lower year-over-year organic contribution while Intelligent Communication Automation benefited from the penetration of the recently launched Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable cloud solutions. However  the decline in license sales due to the change in business model continues to impact the overall growth for this Solution. Parcel Locker Solutions recorded growth in the region  supported by the on-going deployment of existing contracts.The International segment (9% of Group sales) delivered a 2.9% organic growth  to €24 million  continuing the positive trend seen throughout 2022 with Intelligent Communication Automation as the prime contributor to the growth while Mail-Related Solutions showed strong resilience in the quarter. The 18.0% reported decline recorded by the International segment is due to currency impact and to the scope effect related to the divestment of the Graphic activities in the Nordics and the Shipping business in France  both sold in June 2022.OUTLOOKFY 2023 guidance and 2021-2023 financial outlook confirmedThe 2.1% organic growth recorded in Q1 2023 as well as the robust business trends seen across all three Solutions enable the Group to be confident in its ability to deliver its FY 2023 guidance as well as its three years 2021-23 CAGR targets. The recurring nature of the business model offers a good visibility of future revenues while demand for automation services remains very solid  fuelling growth. Further contribution from the phased pricing indexation is also expected to contribute to the full-year performance. FY 2023 guidance as well as the mid-term financial outlook are therefore confirmed.Revenue guidanceSales outlook is confirmed at minimum 3% organic sales CAGR over 2021-23FY 2023 organic sales growth is expected at c.3%.Current EBIT3 guidanceCurrent EBIT 3 outlook is confirmed at minimum mid-single digit organic 4 current EBIT 3 CAGR over 2021-23outlook is confirmed at minimum mid-single digit organic current EBIT CAGR over 2021-23 FY 2023 organic growth5 in current EBIT3 is expected at c.10%.BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTSQuadient introduces iX‑1 postage meter in U.S. for small business and home officesOn 1 February 2023  Quadient announced the general availability in the U.S. of the Quadient iX‑1 postage meter  a compact yet powerful mailing system that combines mail and parcel processing into one user‑friendly solution designed for the small office environment.New Drop Box facilitates returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient lockers in UK; Evri to be the first carrier to use the technologyOn 7 February 2023  Quadient introduced an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.Quadient celebrates milestone of 10 000 smart locker units Installed in North America and 18 000 worldwideOn 28 February 2023  Quadient announced it has reached a significant milestone with more than 10 000 parcel locker units in operation in the United States and Canada and a total of 18 000 units globally.Ferguson selects Quadient’s smart lockers for convenient  secure order pickupOn 13 March 2023  Quadient announced Ferguson  a leading distributor providing expertise  solutions  and products from infrastructure  plumbing and appliances to HVAC1  fire  fabrication and more  has deployed Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers  including the new line of oversized lockers  in direct response to customer demand for a streamlined in‑store pickup experience during and outside of regular store hours.Ferguson operates over 1 500 locations in the United States  serving all fifty states  many with same‑day and next‑day product availability.Quadient accelerates growth of cloud‑based solutions in the public sector with more than twenty new contracts signed in 2022On 15 March 2023  Quadient announced growth momentum for its Intelligent Communication Automation solutions among public sector organizations across major geographies. In the 2022 fiscal year that closed 31 January 2023  more than twenty new public sector organizations selected Quadient’s cloud‑based solutions to manage critical multichannel communications  accounting for nearly 10% of new contracts’ value and almost a tenfold increase over 2021.Already more than 20 000 customers signed up for Switch™  Quadient's secure online mail platform for small businessesOn 29 March 2023  Quadient announced the growth of its digital mail business  supported by Switch™  a cloud‑based platform for sending business mail online  replacing traditional document printing and mailing processes  as well as saving valuable time.Quadient announces its eligibility for PEA‑PME schemeOn 31 March 2023  Quadient announced its eligibility for the PEA‑PME scheme  as it complies with the criteria for inclusion set by Article L.221‑32‑2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.Consequently  investment in Quadient shares can be made through PEA‑PME accounts.New international carrier joins Quadient's open locker network in FranceOn 6 April 2023  Quadient announced that it has secured a new contract with an international carrier for the use of its open network of smart parcel lockers in France alongside Relais Colis  Quadient’s long‑time partner in this business.Quadient expands UK open locker network with two new host partners giving access to more than 1 000 sitesOn 12 April 2023  Quadient announced that it will expand its Parcel Pending by Quadient Open Locker Network in the UK  with two new host partners representing more than 1 000 potential sites for lockers:APCOA: UK and Ireland’s leading parking mobility technology & solutions provider working across transportation  health & education  retail  and local government sectors.Rontec: One of the leading players in the UK forecourt industry  operating 264 roadside retail forecourts under the Esso  BP  and Shell brands.Quadient achieves leader position in 2023 SPARK Matrix for customer communications managementOn 17 April 2023  Quadient announced that it has been named by Quadrant Knowledge Solutions as a 2023 technology leader in the SPARK Matrix™: Customer Communication Management  2023.Quadient announces AI-based cash application module to accelerate invoice-to-cash processesOn 26 April 2023  Quadient announced the global availability of a new Advanced Cash Application module for Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation SaaS platform  to offer mid-market and enterprise customers a complete end-to-end Accounts Receivable (AR) automation solution.Quadient connects its accounts payable solution to Sage 100 to enhance and streamline invoice processingOn 27 April 2023  Quadient announced that its accounts payable automation solution  Quadient Accounts Payable (AP) by Beanworks  is now connected to Sage 100  a leading business management enterprise resource planning (ERP) solution for small and medium-sized businesses.POST-CLOSING EVENTSBunker Hill community college selects Quadient smart lockers to provide students with flexible  private access to foodOn 2 May 2023  Quadient announced that Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC)  a public community college in Boston  Massachusetts serving a diverse student population of over 16 000  has selected Parcel Pending by Quadient refrigerated lockers to expand its successful DISH Food Pantry program that assists students struggling with food insecurity.Quadient recognized for the first time in 2023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for integrated invoice-to-cash applicationsOn 9 May 2023  Quadient announced that for the first time  it has been recognized by Gartner® in the Magic Quadrant™ for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash Applications for its offering  Quadient Accounts Receivable (AR) by YayPay. The evaluation was based on specific criteria that analyzed the company’s overall completeness of vision and ability to execute.Gartner Magic Quadrant reports are a culmination of rigorous  fact-based research in specific markets  providing a wide-angle view of the relative positions of the providers in markets where growth is high and provider differentiation is distinct. The research enables organizations to get the most from market analysis in alignment with their unique business and technology needs.Quadient awarded Platinum rating by EcoVadis for second year  placing in the top 1% of companiesOn 11 May 2023  Quadient announced it has been awarded a Platinum rating by EcoVadis for the second year running. EcoVadis is a leading ratings organization for sustainability  and its Platinum rating is the highest distinction awarded to the top 1% of performing companies that EcoVadis rates in different industries. EcoVadis assesses more than 100 000 companies in over 175 countries across two hundred industries  evaluating twenty-one sustainability criteria in four core themes: Environment  Labor & Human Rights  Ethics and Sustainable Procurement.OneRail and Quadient partner to provide faster and frictionless delivery solutionsOn 23 May 2023  Quadient announced a partnership to provide smart lockers as part of an omnichannel solution for a fast and seamless delivery experience.Integrated with OneRail’s Omnipoint platform  the Parcel Pending by Quadient smart locker system can be seamlessly incorporated into the existing order fulfillment process of retailers  enabling them to offer efficient and reliable delivery options to their customers and greater flexibility for delivery drivers to quickly pick up products  no matter the size  all while maintaining the visual integrity of the retail location.To know more about Quadient’s newsflow  previous press releases are available on our website at the following address: https://invest.quadient.com/en-US/press-releases.CONFERENCE CALL & WEBCASTQuadient will host a conference call and webcast today at 6:00 pm Paris time (5:00 pm London time).To join the webcast  click on the following link: Webcast.To join the conference call  please use one of the following phone numbers:▪ France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66.▪ United States: +1 786 697 3501.▪ United Kingdom (standard international): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200.Password: QuadientA replay of the webcast will also be available on Quadient’s Investor Relations website for 12 months.CALENDAR16 June 2023 : Annual General Sharehold ers Meeting: 20 September 2023: Half-year 2023 resultsAbout Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices. Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing.For more information about Quadient  visit https://invest.quadient.com/ContactsCatherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 61 39c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.comCaroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.com OPRG FinancialIsabelle Laurent / Fabrice Baron+33 (0)1 53 32 61 51 /+33 (0)1 53 32 61 27isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frfabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr1 Q1 2023 sales are compared to Q1 2022 sales  from which is deducted revenue from Graphics activities in the Nordics and Shipping business in France for a consolidated amountof -€3 million  and are restated for a €1 million positive currency impact over the period.2 Software as a Service3 Current operating income before acquisition-related expenses.4 Based on 2020 current operating income before acquisition-related expenses excluding Parcel Pending’s earn-out reversal  i.e. €145 million  with a scope effect resulting in a €140 million pro forma. The organic growth calculation excludes scope  forex and IFRIC impacts.5 Organic change excludes currency  scope and IFRIC impacts.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['QUADIENT SA', 'Solid growth', 'positive start', 'subscriptions', 'year', 'sales', 'Change Organic change1 Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Intelligent Communication Automation total sales', 'mid-term 2021-23 financial targets', 'open parcel locker networks', 'accounts payable software offerings', 'Mail-Related Solutions sales force', 'Q1 2023 s ubscription-related revenue', 'automated accounts receivable', 'Quadient S.A.', 'meaningful customer connections', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'higher customer retention', 'integrated modular hub', 'Software cross-sell bookings', 'customer mix evolution', 'Quadient product teams', 'new Quadient Hub', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Software licence sales', 'one single cloud-platform', 'Quadient software solutions', 'annual recurring revenue', 'good hardware placements', 'positive currency impact', 'first quarter sales', 'Solution Consolidated Sales', 'continuous strong performance', 'negative scope effect', 'double-digit organic growth', 'healthy organic growth', 'future subscription-related revenue', 'strong 20.7% organic growth', 'SALES Group sales', '2023 first-quarter consolidated sales', 'financial automation', 'total revenue', '+5.9% organic growth', '2.1% organic growth', 'license sales', 'Software activities', 'first version', 'one location', 'three solutions', 'business solutions', 'Other solutions', 'good momentum', 'good start', 'Solid growth', 'positive start', 'positive developments', '21.7)% organic decline', 'organic basis', 'Key highlights', 'North America', 'PEA-PME investing', 'physical channels', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'business model', 'strategic plan', 'other regions', 'high level', 'SaaS2 model', 'Shipping business', 'Additional Operations', 'looking indicator', 'strong contribution', 'SaaS model', 'Professional services', 'less services', 'mid-sized companies', 'business communications', 'user-friendly interface', 'centralized access', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Q1 sales', 'FY 2023 outlook', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'Graphic activities', 'SaaS customers', 'cloud customers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Western Europe', 'significant increase', '1,000 customers', '1.3% increase', '100% increase', 'subscriptions', 'year', '31 May', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'period', '30 April', 'scale', 'maturity', 'example', 'UK', 'France', 'deployment', 'resilience', 'transition', 'completion', 'weeks', 'trends', 'variation', 'divestments', 'Nordics', 'June', 'forward', 'note', 'share', 'weight', 'acceleration', 'mission', 'intuitive', 'Focus', 'decisions']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25612,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OVS-S-P-A-21452850/news/Press-release-31-May-2023-Pub-5-54-PM-44004915/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230531,Press release 31 May 2023 (Pub. 5:54 PM),(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF OVS S.p.A. HAS APPROVED   THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 JANUARY 2023 AND   THE DISTRIBUTION OF A DIVIDEND OF €0.06 PER SHARE   SALES ARE UP  FORECAST F…,"Press release 31 May 2023 (Pub. 5:54 PM) 05/31/2023 | 12:45pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE THE ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF OVS S.p.A. HAS APPROVED THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 JANUARY 2023 AND THE DISTRIBUTION OF A DIVIDEND OF €0.06 PER SHARE SALES ARE UP  FORECAST FOR FURTHER GROWTH IN 2023 CONFIRMED The Shareholders' Meeting also approved:  the remuneration policy for the financial year 2023;  the appointment of the Board of Directors;  the appointment of the Board of Statutory Auditors;  the authorisation to purchase and dispose of treasury shares;  the amendment of Articles 15 and 24 of the Bylaws. aVenicesingle -Mestre call.31 May 2023 - The Shareholders' Meeting of OVS S.p.A. (""OVS"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Milan: OVS) met today at The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting approved the OVS S.p.A. financial statements ended 31 January 2023  reporting a net profit of Financial Statements ended 31 Januaryconsolidated2023 nd distribution of dividthend Euro 25.0 million. With reference to thefinancial statements  adjusted net profit was equal to Euro 78.4 million. The Shareholders' Meeting also resolved to distribute an ordinary dividend for the year ended 31 January 2023 of Euro 0.06 per share. The no. 5 coupon detachment date was set at 19 June 2023 and the payment date at 21 June 2023 (record date of 20 June 2023). The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting also took note of the consolidated financial statements of the OVS Group for the year ended 31 January 2023 and the non-financial declaration made pursuant to Legislative Decree 254 of 30 December 2016. For further information  please see (i) the press release dated 19 April 2023 and (ii) the explanatory report on the 1st (first) and 2nd (second) item on the agenda of the OVS Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting dated 31 May 2023  which are available on the Company website at www.ovscorporate.it and the ""1Info"" authorised storage mechanism at www.1info.it. Withcompensationbinding resoluti(remunerationthe Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting approved the first section of the report on the remuneration policy and Report the policy and compensati paid paid). paid policy) and voted favourably on an advisory basis on the second section of the report (compensation For further information  see (i) the explanatory report on the 3rd (third) item on the agenda of the OVS Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 31 May 2023  and (ii) the report on the remuneration policy and compensation paid  which is available on the Company website at www.ovscorporate.it and the ""1Info"" authorised storage mechanism at www.1info.it. TheAppointmentShareholders'of theMeetingBoarddeterminedof Directorsin for9 (nine)the financialthe numberyearsof members2023-2025of the Board of Directors and appointed the new Board of Directors  which will remain in office until the approval of the financial statements as at 31 January 2026  composed as follows: Board of Directors Name and Position Membership list Sur ame Chairman of the List . 1 filed by Tamburi Investment Partners S. .A.  String S.r. . e Concerto S.r.l. holding Franco Moscetti Board of Directors a percentage equal to 29 64504% of the Company's share capital  which won 53 5831% (*) of the votes at the Shareholders' Meeting (the "" Majority List "") Stefano Beraldo Chief Executive Majority List Officer TamburiGiovanni theVice-ChairmanBoard of Majority List Directors Alessandra Director Majority List Gritti Chiara Mio (*) Director Majority List Roberto Director Majority List Cappelli OVS SpA Sede legale: Via Terraglio  17 30174 Venezia Mestre  Italy T +39 041 2397500 F +39 041 2397630 N. Iscrizione Reg. Imprese Venezia C.F. e P.I. 04240010274 www.ovscorporate.it Capitale sociale euro 290.923.470 00 i.v. Carlo (*) Director Majority List Achermann Flavia (*) Director Majority List Sampietro Director the Company's share capital  which won 43 0785% of the votes at the Shareholders' Garavaglia Elena (*) List . 2 filed by institutional shareholders  holding a percentage equal to 2 56070% of to hold independent Meeting (the "" Minority List "") Directors declaring requirements by law and by Corporate Governance Code (*) The Shareholders' Meeting also resolved to determine the total annual remuneration  pursuant to Article 2389  paragraph 1  Civil Code  equal to 450.000 00 (Four hundred and fifty thousand/00) to be shared - by the Board of Directors - among the Directors who are not vested with particular positions  as well as to refer to the Board of Directors (following the favourable opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors) the determination of the remuneration to be rewarded  pursuant to Article 2389  paragraph 3  Civil Code and pursuant to Article 22 of the Bylaws  to the Directors vested with particular positions. As of today  based on the information available to the Company  Stefano Beraldo holds  including indirectly  n. 3.641.000 shares of OVS S.p.A. and Carlo Achermann holds  including indirectly  n. 130.500 shares of OVS S.p.A. OnAppointmentthe basis of ofthethetwoBoardlists filed of Statutorythe Shareholders'AuditorsMeetingfor the financialappointedyearsthe new2023Board-2025of Statutory Auditors which will remain in office until the approval of the financial statements as at 31 January 2026  composed as follows: Board of Statutory Auditors Name and Position Membership list urname Standing Statutory Auditors Stefano Poggi Chairman of the List . 2 filed by institutional shareholders  holding a percentage equal to 2 56070% of Longostrevi Board Minority List of the Company's share capital  which won 14 6100% of the votes at the Shareholders' Statutory Meeting (the "" "") Auditors Massimiliano Standing List . 1 filed by Tamburi Investment Partners S. .A.  String S.r. . e Concerto S.r.l. holding Nova Statutory Auditor Majority List a percentage equal to 29 64504% of the Company's share capital  which won 81 7398% of the votes at the Shareholders' Meeting (la "" "") Federica Standing Majority List Menichetti Statutory Auditor Alternate Statutory Auditors Marzia Nicelli Alternate Majority List Statutory Auditor Donata Paola Alternate Minority List Patrini Statutory Auditor The Shareholders' Meeting also resolved to determine the annual compensation equal to Euro 175.000 00 (one hundred seventy-five thousand/00) to be rewarded to the Board of the Statutory Auditors  of which 75.000 00 (seventy-five thousand/00) to be rewarded to the Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors and 50.000 00 (fifty thousand/00) to be rewarded to each Standing Statutory. TheAuthorisationOrdinary Shareholders'to purcha eMeetingand disposeapprovedof treasuryauthorisationsharesfor (i) the purchase  in one or more tranches  and for a period of eighteen months  up to a maximum number of Company shares which  taking into account the ordinary shares held at any given time by the Company and its subsidiaries  does not exceed 10% of the Company's share capital  and therefore within the legal limits; and (ii) the disposal  in whole or in part  of the Company's treasury shares. This resolution replaces the authorisation granted to the Board of Directors by the Shareholders' Meeting of 31 May 2022. For more information on the other characteristics of the authorisation to purchase and dispose of treasury shares  see (i) the press release of 19 April 2023 and (ii) the explanatory report  available on the Company website at www.ovscorporate.it and the ""1Info"" authorised storage mechanism at www.1info.it. Amendment of the Articles 15 and 24 of the Bylaws OVS SpA Sede legale: Via Terraglio  17 30174 Venezia Mestre  Italy T +39 041 2397500 F +39 041 2397630 N. Iscrizione Reg. Imprese Venezia C.F. e P.I. 04240010274 www.ovscorporate.it Capitale sociale euro 290.923.470 00 i.v. The Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting resolved to amend the Articles 15 and 24 of OVS's Bylaws concerning the procedures for the participation  call and conduct of the meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors  in order to regulate the possibility to participate via audio or video call. For further information  please see (i) the explanatory report on the 1st (first) item on the agenda of the OVS Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 31 May 2023  which is available on the Company website at www.ovscorporate.it and the ""1Info"" authorised storage mechanism at www.1info.it. Despite unfavourable weather in May  the positive trend in OVS sales is continuing. Revenues are accelerating further as a result of the Sales tre d update rise in temperatures in recent days and expectations for the summer season are high  also given that the sales are starting a week later than last year. The strong evolution of key performance indicators such as traffic and average till receipts  coupled with product launches planned for the second half of the year  have enabled us to upgrade our expectations for improved results. The summary statement of voting will be made available at *** ***** *** www.ovscorporate.it and on the ""1info"" authorised storage mechanism  pursuant to Article 125-quater of the Consolidated Law of the Company's registered office  on the website Finance (TUF)  within the prescribed period of 5 days of the Shareholders' Meeting. The minutes of the Shareholders' Meeting and the copy of the amended Bylaws will be made available to the public at the Company's registered offices  on the website www.ovscorporate.it. and the ""1info"" authorised storage mechanism  according to the terms and B ard of Directors reappoint Stefano Beraldo as *** ***** *** conditions prescribed by current legislation. The new Board of Directors  convened today for the first time after its appointment by the Shareholders' Meeting  has appointed the DirectorChief Executive Officer Stefano Beraldo as Chief Executive Officer confirming the management agreement signed on 31 May 2022. Giovanni Tamburi was appointed Vice-Chairman. Furthermore  the Board of Directors ascertained that the members of the new Board of Directors and the new Board of Statutory Auditors meet the requirements of integrity  professionalism and independence provided for by current regulations and by the Corporate Governance Code to assume the position based on the information provided by them and verified during the first meeting of the Board of Statutory Auditors. The Board also confirmed Nicola Perin  the company's Chief Financial Officer  as the manager in charge of preparing the corporate accounting documents  pursuant to article 154-bis of the TUF  with the favorable opinion of the Board of Statutory Auditors. Th Board of Directors  in line with the provisions of the Corporate Governance Code  to which the Company adheres  confirmed the establishment of the Control and Risk and Sustainability Committee  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee and the Appointme of int rnal committees of the Board of Directors Transactions with Related Party Committee. With regard to the Control and Risk and Sustainability Committee have been appointed the Directors Chiara Mio  as Chairman  Franco Moscetti and Flavia Sampietro  all non-executive and holding the independence requisites provided for by law and by the Corporate Governance Code. With regard to the Nomination and Remuneration Committee have been appointed the Directors Chiara Mio  as Chairman  Carlo Achermann and Giovanni Tamburi  all non-executive and the first two holding the independence requisites provided for by law and by the Corporate Governance Code. With regard to the Transactions With Related Party Committee have been appointed the Directors Elena Garavaglia  as Chairman  Chiara Mio and Carlo Achermann  all non-executive and holding the independence requisites provided for by law and by the Corporate Governance Code. The duration in the office of the members of the Committees will be equal to the duration in the office of the Board of Directors and  therefore  they will remain in office until the approval of the financial statements as at 31 January 2026. The curricula of the members of the above-mentioned Committees are available on the Company's website at www.ovscorporate.it. Continuation of the share buy-back programme OVS SpA Sede legale: Via Terraglio  17 30174 Venezia Mestre  Italy T +39 041 2397500 F +39 041 2397630 N. Iscrizione Reg. Imprese Venezia C.F. e P.I. 04240010274 www.ovscorporate.it Capitale sociale euro 290.923.470 00 i.v. The Board of Directors  in execution of the authorisation to purchase treasury shares granted by the Shareholders' Meeting today - which replaces the authorisation issued by the Meeting on 31 May 2022 - also resolved to continue implementing the current programme to purchase treasury shares (which was launched on 2 February 2022 and continued on 31 May 2022) currently in force. In this regard  it is recalled that for the implementation of this programme the Company granted to a top-tier intermediary the task of assuming and carrying out  with complete independence  decisions regarding the purchase of OVS shares  in accordance with the contractually pre-established parameters and criteria and with the provisions of the applicable regulations and the Shareholders' Meeting resolution on this authorisation. To the extent necessary  the task has been confirmed today. It is recalled that the programme seeks to increase the portfolio of treasury shares (i) to carry out  directly or through intermediaries  any investment transactions  also to contain anomalous movements in share prices  to stabilise trading and price performance  and to support the share's liquidity on the market  (ii) to retain them for subsequent uses (known as a ""securities warehouse"")  (iii) to service compensation and incentive plans based on financial instruments reserved for the directors and employees of OVS and/or the companies directly or indirectly controlled by it. It should also be noted that the unit purchase price cannot be either more or less than 15% of the reference price recorded by OVS shares in the trading session preceding each individual transaction. For further information  see the press release of 1 February 2022 and 31 May 2022  available on the Company website at www.ovscorporate.it and the ""1Info"" authorised storage mechanism at www.1info.it. OVS shall provide the market  in accordance with the current provisions in force  with details of any buy-back transactions carried out. As of today  the Company holds 17.261.783 treasury shares (5 9334% of the share capital)  while its subsidiaries do not hold OVS shares. *** ***** *** FollowingProvis ontheof SLBapprovalProgressof theReportnon-financialandComplideclarationnce Certificateand the annual financial statements ended 31 January 2023  as of today the sustainability-linked bond progress report (the ""SLB Progress Report"") is available on the Company website at www.ovscorporate.it  along with the documentation attesting OVS' compliance with the commitments made under the prospectus of the sustainability-linked bond called ""Senior Unsecured Fixed Rate Notes due November 2027"" issued by the Company on 10 November 2021 (the ""Compliance certificate""). *** ***** *** The Company's Financial Reporting Officer  Nicola Perin  hereby declares  as provided in Article 154-bis  paragraph 2  TUF that the accounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the accounting figures  books and records. *** ***** *** For further information: OVS S.p.A. Barabino & Partners S.p.A. Federico Steiner Investor Relations F.steiner@barabino.it Investor.relations@ovs.it Cell. +39 335 42 42 78 Via Terraglio No. 17  30174 Venice-Mestre OVS SpA Sede legale: Via Terraglio  17 30174 Venezia Mestre  Italy T +39 041 2397500 F +39 041 2397630 N. Iscrizione Reg. Imprese Venezia C.F. e P.I. 04240010274 www.ovscorporate.it Capitale sociale euro 290.923.470 00 i.v. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer OVS S.p.A. published this content on 31 May 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 31 May 2023 16:44:35 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about OVS S.P.A. 12:44p OVS goes ahead with buybacks of its own ordinary shares AN 12:12p Comunicato Stampa 01 Giugno 2023 (di : 46) PU 12:12p Press Release 01 June 2023 (pub. 5 : 46 pm) PU 11:48a Mib closes higher  Recordati and banks lead AN 05/31 Press Release 31 May 2023 (pub. 5 : 54 pm) PU 05/31 OVS appoints new board of directors; Moscetti chairman AN 05/29 Mib worst among Europeans; MPS tops the Mib AN 05/29 Europeans up; Mib at 26 700  oil well AN 05/26 Mib down; STM leads list AN 05/26 Stock markets up; glimmer of solution on US debt AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Press release', 'May', '54', 'Majority List Roberto Director Majority List Cappelli OVS SpA Sede legale', 'Stefano Beraldo Chief Executive Majority List Officer TamburiGiovanni', 'Alessandra Director Majority List Gritti Chiara Mio', 'Director Majority List Sampietro Director', 'Director Majority List Achermann Flavia', 'e Concerto S.r.l.', 'OVS S.p.A. financial statements', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.', '1Info"" authorised storage mechanism', 'Imprese Venezia C.F.', 'no. 5 coupon detachment date', ""OVS Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", ""The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Majority List Directors', 'String S.r', 'Position Membership list', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", ""Shareholders' Garavaglia Elena"", 'multiple email addresses', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'total annual remuneration', '2nd (second) item', 'Franco Moscetti Board', 'Minority List', 'OVS Group', 'P.I.', 'independent Meeting', 'institutional shareholders', 'Venezia Mestre', 'Carlo Achermann', 'ordinary dividend', 'payment date', 'record date', 'second section', 'financial year', 'Civil Code', 'Press release', 'FURTHER GROWTH', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Euronext Milan', 'net profit', 'non-financial declaration', 'Legislative Decree', '1st (first', 'first section', 'advisory basis', '3rd (third', 'Via Terraglio', 'Iscrizione Reg.', 'Capitale sociale', 'particular positions', 'favourable opinion', 'SHARE SALES', 'share capital', 'First name', 'remuneration policy', 'YEAR ENDED', 'ovscorporate.it', 'explanatory report', 'treasury shares', 'dividthend Euro', 'Company website', 'new Board', 'info.it', 'Directors Name', '3.641.000 shares', '130.500 shares', 'May', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'JANUARY', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'appointment', 'authorisation', 'amendment', 'Articles', 'Bylaws', 'reference', '19 June', '21 June', '20 June', 'note', '30 December', 'information', 'April', 'agenda', 'resoluti', 'compensati', 'www', 'Directorsin', 'numberyearsof', 'members2023', 'approval', 'Chairman', 'percentage', 'votes', 'Italy', 'requirements', 'paragraph', 'determination', 'today', 'n.', '5:54']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,marketscreener.com
25613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/seal-rock-therapeutics-announces-out-licensing-agreement-with-genfit-for-development-of-injectable-formulation-of-srt-015-for-acute-on-chronic-liver-disease-aclf-301839273.html,Seal Rock Therapeutics Announces Out-Licensing Agreement with GENFIT for Development of Injectable Formulation of SRT-015 for Acute-on-Chronic Liver Disease (ACLF),Seal Rock eligible to receive payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royalties SEATTLE  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seal Rock Therapeutics  Inc.  a clinical stage company developing first-i…,"Seal Rock eligible to receive payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royaltiesSEATTLE  May 31  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Seal Rock Therapeutics  Inc.  a clinical stage company developing first-in-class and best-in-class kinase inhibitors  today announced it has entered into an out-licensing agreement with GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT) for the development of an injectable formulation of SRT-015 for acute liver disease  including Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF).Under the agreement  Seal Rock Therapeutics is eligible for payments up to €100 million  including regulatory  clinical  and commercial milestone payments  plus tiered royalties.SRT-015  a highly optimized  second generation  liver-selective inhibitor of Apoptosis Signal-reducing Kinase 1 (ASK1). It is being developed by Seal Rock Therapeutics  in an oral formulation  as a treatment for severe acute alcoholic hepatitis as well as orphan liver diseases and NASH.""We're excited to announce this licensing deal with GENFIT that will accelerate the development of an injectable formulation of our second-generation ASK1 inhibitor SRT-015 for ACLF  a liver disease with high unmet need "" said Neil McDonnell  CEO of Seal Rock Therapeutics. ""At Seal Rock  we remain focused on initiating a Phase 2a trial of oral SRT-015 for severe alcoholic hepatitis. We will also continue development of our first-in-class LRRK2/ASK1 dual kinase inhibitors for Parkinson's Disease and ALS.""""Considering its liver-centric activity  the potential for multi-organ benefits and the breadth of evidence supporting further development in ACLF  we strongly believe in the potential of SRT-015 "" said Pascal Prigent  CEO of GENFIT. ""We are pleased to have this opportunity to develop a new  injectable formulation of SRT-015 for Acute-on-Chronic Liver Failure (ACLF).""About SRT-015SRT-015 is a second-generation inhibitor of ASK1 developed internally by Seal Rock Therapeutics. Optimized to overcome the liabilities of first-generation ASK1 inhibitors such as selonsertib  and with a liver-preferential distribution  SRT-015 is positioned as a first-in-class product candidate for NASH and AH.About Seal Rock TherapeuticsSeal Rock Therapeutics is a privately held  clinical stage company based in Seattle focused on developing first-in-class and best-in-class treatments for severe diseases with limited or no available therapies. Seal Rock is led by an experienced management team with a track record of successful drug discovery  development and commercialization. The company's clinical-stage lead product candidate  SRT-015  is a highly optimized  first-in-class ASK1 inhibitor. Seal Rock is also developing preclinical-stage brain-penetrant ASK1/LRRK2 dual kinase inhibitors for treatment of neurodegenerative conditions such as Parkinson's disease and ALS.For more information  please visit www.sealrocktx.comMedia Contact:Julie RathbunRathbun Communications[email protected]206-769-9219SOURCE Seal Rock Therapeutics",neutral,0.0,0.94,0.06,mixed,0.47,0.3,0.23,True,English,"['Seal Rock Therapeutics', 'Chronic Liver Disease', 'Out-Licensing Agreement', 'Injectable Formulation', 'GENFIT', 'Development', 'SRT', 'Acute', 'ACLF', 'preclinical-stage brain-penetrant ASK1/LRRK2 dual kinase inhibitors', 'LRRK2/ASK1 dual kinase inhibitors', 'clinical-stage lead product candidate', 'severe acute alcoholic hepatitis', 'SOURCE Seal Rock Therapeutics', 'Apoptosis Signal-reducing Kinase', 'severe alcoholic hepatitis', 'class kinase inhibitors', 'second-generation ASK1 inhibitor SRT-015', 'first-generation ASK1 inhibitors', 'high unmet need', 'Phase 2a trial', 'experienced management team', 'successful drug discovery', 'Chronic Liver Failure', 'class product candidate', 'clinical stage company', 'orphan liver diseases', 'commercial milestone payments', 'new, injectable formulation', 'acute liver disease', 'second-generation inhibitor', 'severe diseases', 'liver-selective inhibitor', 'oral formulation', 'tiered royalties', 'licensing deal', 'Neil McDonnell', 'liver-centric activity', 'multi-organ benefits', 'Pascal Prigent', 'liver-preferential distribution', 'track record', 'neurodegenerative conditions', 'Media Contact', 'Julie Rathbun', 'Rathbun Communications', 'class treatments', 'oral SRT-015', 'licensing agreement', 'SEATTLE', 'PRNewswire', 'Inc.', 'out', 'GENFIT', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'development', 'ACLF', 'NASH', 'CEO', 'Parkinson', 'ALS', 'potential', 'breadth', 'evidence', 'opportunity', 'liabilities', 'selonsertib', 'AH.', 'limited', 'available', 'commercialization', 'information']",2023-05-31,2023-06-01,prnewswire.com
25614,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.marinelink.com/news/follow-money-norway-fertile-grounds-505541,Follow the Money: Norway is Fertile Grounds for Shipping Projects,With the world’s largest sovereign wealth fund  Norway’s financial muscle is beyond question. Howev-er  at a corporate level ,"With the world’s largest sovereign wealth fund  Norway’s financial muscle is beyond question. Howev-er  at a corporate level  the country’s capital markets offer a range of benefits to overseas companies seeking equity  debt … or both.Øivind Amundsen is CEO of Oslo Børs and  as you would expect  a strong advocate of the Norwegian capital as a place to raise money for marine-related projects. The diverse nature of the companies which are listed on the Børs  part of Europe’s largest stock exchange group  Euronext  since 2019  re-flects what some believe to be the world’s most attractive location to raise capital.The Euronext group has its own appeal. Before the acquisition  the standalone Oslo Børs had succeed-ed in establishing a strong presence within energy  shipping  and seafood  Amundsen explained. Through the pandemic  however  cleantech and renewable energy companies have listed there.Deep pockets are certainly part of the story. But Oslo’s advantages go much further.As part of Euronext  companies and investors have access to the trading platform Optiq  the largest liquidity pool in Europe. On the other hand  Oslo Børs contributes to the group with its experience and ways of working. With Nord Pool  Fish Pool  and Euronext Securities  Oslo helps to support the stock exchange group’s Nordic ambitions.“The investor base in Oslo has a deep understanding and tradition for investing in the whole extent of the shipping industry ” Amundsen explained . “Historically  the relationship between Oslo Børs and shipping goes back to its very roots. Many of the first companies listed and trad-ed on the exchange were local family-controlled shipowners.“Historically  the relationship between Oslo Børs and shipping goes back to its very roots. Many of the first companies listed and traded on the exchange were local family-controlled shipowners."" Øivind Amundsen  CEO  Oslo Børs“This has contributed to develop the strong businesses and shipping/maritime clusters that we have in Norway today. Following this  an extremely knowledgeable ecosystem has developed. This is why Oslo Børs has succeeded in attracting international companies within shipping  such as MPC Container Ships (see below). However  investors have a keen appetite not only for the large  well-established corporates such as BW Group  Kongsberg and Yara and companies owned by John Frederiksen  but also for smaller more niche ventures. TECO2030  for example  is developing hydrogen fuel cells and has successfully raised capital in Oslo via a series of private placements.Other examples include offshore wind installation specialists Cadeler  Seaway 7 (Subsea 7)  Himalaya Shipping  a niche dry bulk operator  Höegh Autoliners  Wilhelmsen  Fred Olsen’s Bonheur  and so on.“What really makes the investor community stand out … is that both retail and institutions see shipping as a mainstay investment  rather than a niche ” Amundsen explained. “This provides availability of capital and liquidity throughout cycles and  in return  the companies are expected to be transparent and have a shareholder focus.”The strength and depth of the ‘ecosystem’ is another key element in Oslo’s success. It is made up of a network of financing institutions such as the large Nordic banks  DNB and Nordea  Amundsen said  but also an unparalleled group of generalist and niche investment banks with a broad coverage of all shipping subsectors  and spanning both equity and debt markets.“When it comes to shipping  you really do not see the same range or interest in New York or Singapore ” he declared.As a prominent player in the offshore wind sector  Norway’s capital markets could prove attractive to US firms seeking equity and/or debt. Oslo Børs already has a strong track record in the sector  with early pioneers including Bonheur and  more recently  Edda Wind.“Fixed-bottom and floating is certainly growing ” Amundsen noted  “but is less prevalent in the capital markets as of now. Certainly Oslo Børs and the Norwegian capital market is the obvious place to float by way of private placement  IPO  or debt financing for any company related to offshore wind.”Case study: MPC Container ShipsShortly after inception  in April 2017  MPC Container Ships was listed on Oslo Børs’ OTC market. During the following 18 months  its principals set up a challenging timetable of over 750 investor meetings and by May 2018  MPC Container Ships was listed on the Oslo Børs’ main market. By then  it had raised $460m in equity and $200m in bonds and had bought 69 container vessels.Pål Sætre  EVP and General Manager Norway  MPC Container ShipsFeeder container ships may not appear the most likely shipping assets to appeal to Norwegian investors accustomed to offshore energy and aquaculture. But if MPC Container Ships’ story is anything to go by  then it seems that Norwegian investors have a diverse appetite.The company’s EVP and General Manager Norway  Pål Sætre  believes that the country’s close relationship with the sea can mean that with a good story  Oslo is potentially a very attractive arena in which to raise capital. Investors there  he says  have deep pockets for a good story.The Hamburg-based company was established in April 2017 by sponsor and founding shareholder  MPC Münchmeyer Petersen Capital AG (MPC Capital).Today  as one of the world’s largest owners of intra-regional container tonnage  it operates more than 60 geared and gearless ships in global feeder trades.Shortly after inception  in April 2017  MPC Container Ships was listed on Oslo Børs’ over-the-counter market. During the following 18 months  its principals set up a challenging timetable of over 750 investor meetings and by May 2018  MPC Container Ships was listed on the Oslo Børs’ main market. By then  it had raised $460m in equity and $200m in bonds and had bought 69 container vessels  becoming the world’s largest owner of intra-regional tonnage.To be fair  fate has dealt the young feeder company a spectacular hand. The onset of the pandemic brought global supply chains to the public’s attention as never before. Sætre notes that this was evident everywhere  even in prosperous Oslo where the grounding of the Ever Given in the Suez Canal caused delays on most shipped goods.But as arterial container ships have increased in size and shoreside Covid-related congestion became a major issue in many regions  the importance of distributive feeder trades came into sharp focus among the world’s public at large. In economic terms  these regional trades are essential and inelastic.Between 2020 and 2022  MPC Container Ships’ operating revenues shot up from $171.9m to $616.8m. Adjusted EBITDA soared from $16.2m to $451.5m.Sætre points out several key features that set Oslo apart as a city in which shipping projects are well received. The investment community is accustomed to capital intensive sectors  notably both tradi-tional and now sustainable offshore energy  and shipping is a key aspect of the country’s everyday life.Investors are more accustomed to and potentially comfortable with risks related to asset-heavy and volatile industries  he says. And he notes a strong current shipping presence  as it has been historically  on Oslo Børs.However  it is the Norwegian ecosystem that sets Oslo apart  Sætre believes. Apart from knowledgeable investors  there is a vibrant network of shipping-related service providers including brokers  analysts  investment banks  mainstream banks and law firms.This network  coupled with a swift and pragmatic approach to documentation and the overall capital raising process  means that companies aiming to tap Norway’s investment community may well enjoy the fastest speed to market that can be achieved anywhere.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.0,True,English,"['Fertile Grounds', 'Shipping Projects', 'Money', 'Norway', 'Oslo Børs’ OTC market', 'Oslo Børs’ main market', 'Pål Sætre', 'largest sovereign wealth fund', 'offshore wind installation specialists', 'standalone Oslo Børs', 'largest stock exchange group', 'MPC Container Ships’ story', 'Feeder container ships', 'local family-controlled shipowners', 'large, well-established corporates', 'hydrogen fuel cells', 'dry bulk operator', 'Höegh Autoliners', 'Norwegian capital market', 'strong track record', 'largest liquidity pool', 'large Nordic banks', 'offshore wind sector', 'The Euronext group', 'renewable energy companies', '69 container vessels', 'Edda Wind', 'offshore energy', 'Nordic ambitions', 'BW Group', 'unparalleled group', 'investment banks', 'Nord Pool', 'Fish Pool', 'good story', 'strong advocate', 'strong presence', 'strong businesses', 'financial muscle', 'corporate level', 'marine-related projects', 'diverse nature', 'Deep pockets', 'trading platform', 'other hand', 'investor base', 'deep understanding', 'shipping/maritime clusters', 'keen appetite', 'John Frederiksen', 'niche ventures', 'private placements', 'Other examples', 'Fred Olsen', 'investor community', 'mainstay investment', 'shareholder focus', 'key element', 'broad coverage', 'New York', 'prominent player', 'US firms', 'early pioneers', 'Case study', 'following 18 months', 'challenging timetable', '750 investor meetings', 'General Manager', 'diverse appetite', 'capital markets', 'Euronext Securities', 'Norwegian investors', 'first companies', 'international companies', 'attractive location', 'knowledgeable ecosystem', 'financing institutions', 'debt markets', 'same range', 'obvious place', 'debt financing', 'shipping industry', 'Himalaya Shipping', 'shipping subsectors', 'shipping assets', 'close relationship', 'Øivind Amundsen', 'world', 'Norway', 'question', 'Howev-er', 'country', 'benefits', 'equity', 'CEO', 'money', 'part', 'Europe', 'appeal', 'acquisition', 'seafood', 'pandemic', 'cleantech', 'advantages', 'access', 'Optiq', 'experience', 'ways', 'tradition', 'extent', 'roots', 'Kongsberg', 'Yara', 'smaller', 'TECO2030', 'series', 'Cadeler', 'Seaway', 'Subsea', 'Wilhelmsen', 'Bonheur', 'retail', 'availability', 'cycles', 'return', 'strength', 'depth', 'success', 'network', 'DNB', 'Nordea', 'generalist', 'interest', 'Singapore', 'company', 'inception', 'April', 'principals', 'May', 'bonds', 'EVP']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,marinelink.com
25615,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.informazione.it/c/B07CF3C9-135F-42A2-9018-210D6FD5D9BC/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notification-from-Atlas-Special-Opportunities-LLC,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,June 1   2023 – 7 .00 PM CETOxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders ,June 1   2023 – 7 .00 PM CETOxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders ,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'next generation standard', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'clinical stage assets', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'CETOxurion NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'biopharmaceutical company', '7']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,informazione.it
25616,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/capital-increase-reserved-employees-totalenergies-172900329.html,Capital Increase Reserved for Employees of TotalEnergies in 2023,In accordance with its policy in favour of employee shareholding  the Board of Directors of TotalEnergies SE (Paris:TTE) (LSE:TTE) (NYSE:TTE) decided  on September 22  2022  to carry out a capital increase reserved for eligible employees and former employees of TotalEnergies SE and its French and foreign subsidiaries in which the Company holds directly or indirectly more than 50% (in terms of capital or voting rights) ,"PARIS  June 01  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:In accordance with its policy in favour of employee shareholding  the Board of Directors of TotalEnergies SE (Paris:TTE) (LSE:TTE) (NYSE:TTE) decided  on September 22  2022  to carry out a capital increase reserved for eligible employees and former employees of TotalEnergies SE and its French and foreign subsidiaries in which the Company holds directly or indirectly more than 50% (in terms of capital or voting rights)  that are members of the PEG-A Group savings plan  in France and abroad  under the conditions set by the twenty-second resolution at the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 25  2022.On April 26  2023  the Chairman and CEO set (i) the subscription period from April 28 to May 15  2023 (included) and (ii) the subscription price at 45.60 euros per share  corresponding to the average of the closing prices of the TotalEnergies share on Euronext over the twenty trading sessions preceding the date of this decision  reduced by a 20% discount and rounded off to the highest tenth of a euro.At the end of this period  52 602 employees in 94 countries  representing 45.8 % of the eligible employees and former employees  subscribed to this capital increase for an amount of353.9 million euros. These results are on the rise compared to the last two years in terms of participation rate and amount subscribed.""The development of employee share ownership is at the heart of TotalEnergies' value share policy as it represents the best way to closely associate employees with its economic performance  strengthen their sense of belonging and align the interests of employees and shareholders. Once again this year  TotalEnergies' employees have confirmed their attachment to the Company and fully supported the strategy of transforming TotalEnergies into a multi-energy company  by subscribing largely to the capital increase reserved for them.""  declared Patrick Pouyanné  Chairman and CEO of TotalEnergies.As a result  8 002 155 new shares will be issued on June 7  2023. They will carry immediate dividend rights and will be fully assimilated with TotalEnergies shares already listed on Euronext.Following this issuance  the employee shareholders in TotalEnergies SE’s share capital  within the meaning of Article L. 225-102 of the French Commercial Code  will represent 7.67% of the Company’s share capital as of June 7  2023.About TotalEnergiesTotalEnergies is a global multi-energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels  natural gas and green gases  renewables and electricity. Our more than 100 000 employees are committed to energy that is ever more affordable  cleaner  more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible. Active in nearly 130 countries  TotalEnergies puts sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its projects and operations to contribute to the well-being of people.Contacts TotalEnergiesTwitter @TotalEnergies LinkedIn TotalEnergies Facebook TotalEnergies Instagram TotalEnergiesCautionary NoteThe terms ""TotalEnergies""  ""TotalEnergies company"" or ""Company"" in this document are used to designate TotalEnergies SE and the consolidated entities that are directly or indirectly controlled by TotalEnergies SE. Likewise  the words ""we""  ""us"" and ""our"" may also be used to refer to these entities or to their employees. The entities in which TotalEnergies SE directly or indirectly owns a shareholding are separate legal entities. TotalEnergies SE has no liability for the acts or omissions of these entities. This document may contain forward-looking information and statements that are based on a number of economic data and assumptions made in a given economic  competitive and regulatory environment. They may prove to be inaccurate in the future and are subject to a number of risk factors. Neither TotalEnergies SE nor any of its subsidiaries assumes any obligation to update publicly any forward-looking information or statement  objectives or trends contained in this document whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise. Information concerning risk factors  that may affect TotalEnergies’ financial results or activities is provided in the most recent Registration Document  the French-language version of which is filed by TotalEnergies SE with the French securities regulator Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  and in the Form 20-F filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230601005947/en/ContactsMedia Relations : +33 (0)1 47 44 46 99 l presse@totalenergies.com l @TotalEnergiesPRInvestor Relations : +33 (0)1 47 44 46 46 l ir@totalenergies.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.24,0.61,True,English,"['Capital', 'Employees', 'TotalEnergies', 'TotalEnergies LinkedIn TotalEnergies Facebook TotalEnergies Instagram TotalEnergies', 'PEG-A Group savings plan', 'des Marchés Financiers', ""TotalEnergies' value share policy"", 'twenty trading sessions', 'last two years', 'United States Securities', 'Contacts TotalEnergies Twitter', 'immediate dividend rights', 'Contacts Media Relations', 'French Commercial Code', 'French securities regulator', 'employee share ownership', 'separate legal entities', 'recent Registration Document', 'global multi-energy company', 'TotalEnergies share', 'TotalEnergies SE', 'voting rights', 'Investor Relations', 'share capital', 'TotalEnergies company', ""TotalEnergies' employees"", 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'twenty-second resolution', 'subscription price', 'closing prices', 'highest tenth', 'participation rate', 'best way', 'economic performance', 'Patrick Pouyanné', '8,002,155 new shares', 'employee shareholders', 'Article L.', 'natural gas', 'green gases', 'Cautionary Note', 'economic data', 'economic, competitive', 'regulatory environment', 'risk factors', 'French-language version', 'Exchange Commission', 'source version', 'employee shareholding', 'capital increase', 'forward-looking information', 'new information', 'LSE:TTE', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'consolidated entities', 'eligible employees', 'former employees', 'foreign subsidiaries', 'subscription period', 'many people', 'sustainable development', 'future events', 'financial results', 'Paris:TTE', '52,602 employees', '100,000 employees', 'June', 'accordance', 'favour', 'Board', 'Directors', 'September', 'terms', 'members', 'France', 'conditions', 'May', 'April', 'Chairman', 'CEO', '45.60 euros', 'average', 'Euronext', 'decision', '20% discount', '94 countries', 'amount', '3.9 million', 'rise', 'heart', 'sense', 'belonging', 'interests', 'attachment', 'strategy', 'issuance', 'meaning', 'markets', 'oil', 'biofuels', 'renewables', 'electricity', 'cleaner', '130 countries', 'dimensions', 'projects', 'operations', 'well-being', 'words', 'liability', 'omissions', 'statements', 'number', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'objectives', 'trends', 'activities', 'AMF', 'businesswire', 'presse']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,finance.yahoo.com
25617,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-06/59239482-oxurion-nv-oxurion-receives-transparency-notification-from-atlas-special-opportunities-llc-399.htm,Oxurion NV: Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US - June 1  2023 - 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders ...,"Regulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US - June 1  2023 - 7.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on May 26  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of May 24  2023  it held 32 301 799 shares of the then outstanding 824 233 449 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (5%) by virtue of the sale and acquisition of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered ""forward-looking"". Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company's Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.13,0.57,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion NV', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 824,233,449 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '32,301,799 shares', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'June', 'May', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', 'disclosure', '7.00']",2023-06-05,2023-06-01,finanznachrichten.de
25618,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-reaches-milestone-200-installed-154500844.html,Quadient Reaches Milestone of 200 Installed Smart Locker Solutions at US Higher Education Institutions,Quadient Reaches Milestone of 200 Installed Smart Locker Solutions at US Higher Education Institutions Paris  Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator ,QUADIENTQuadient Reaches Milestone of 200 Installed Smart Locker Solutions at US Higher Education InstitutionsParis  June 1  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  announced it has reached the 200 milestone of installed smart locker solutions at higher education campuses in the USA.Colleges and universities face an increasing challenge of managing the delivery of large volumes of packages on campus. Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers streamline the delivery process  saving higher education institutions staff time and resources while improving the overall student experience. The automated notification system alerts students and staff when packages are available for pickup  reducing the need for manual parcel tracking. Security is also improved because packages are not left unattended in common areas  reducing the risk of loss or theft.“Many of the higher education institutions that have selected our smart lockers already knew Quadient because they were using our Mail Related Solutions ” said Benoit Berson  chief solution officer  Parcel Locker Solutions at Quadient. “Colleges and universities have large mailroom operations that manage high volumes of inbound packages and mail. Higher education customers of Quadient’s traditional mail solutions have discovered significant value in using the company’s automated parcel lockers to faster and securely manage the distribution of packages to the students.”Quadient smart lockers are not limited to inbound parcels. The Parcel Pending CampusHub system offers a contact-free exchange point on campus for items such as event materials  bookstore merchandise  class and IT equipment  on-campus dining and moving materials. The system’s connectivity allows for full chain of custody tracking ensures accountability and transparency.Quadient’s comprehensive portfolio of carrier-agnostic first and last-mile solutions help manage products of all types and sizes across industries. The installation of Quadient smart lockers at colleges and universities has contributed to the more than 18 500 Quadient locker installations worldwide  in industries ranging from higher education  retail  multifamily and commercial real estate and carriers.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro  Quadient Director of Media & Communications Global Press Relations Manager +1-630-699-8979 +1 203-301-3673 sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com j.scolaro@quadient.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.16,0.01,0.83,True,English,"['200 Installed Smart Locker Solutions', 'US Higher Education Institutions', 'Quadient Reaches', 'Milestone', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'The Parcel Pending CampusHub system', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'three key solution areas', 'Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro', 'US Higher Education Institutions', '200 Installed Smart Locker Solutions', 'higher education institutions staff', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'chief solution officer', 'higher education campuses', 'meaningful customer connections', 'overall student experience', 'automated notification system', 'contact-free exchange point', 'commercial real estate', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'manual parcel tracking', 'large mailroom operations', 'Higher education customers', 'Mail Related Solutions', 'traditional mail solutions', '18,500 Quadient locker installations', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'parcel lockers', 'common areas', 'last-mile solutions', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'large volumes', 'custody tracking', 'physical channels', 'increasing challenge', 'Benoit Berson', 'high volumes', 'significant value', 'inbound parcels', 'event materials', 'bookstore merchandise', 'IT equipment', 'moving materials', 'full chain', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'carrier-agnostic first', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Euronext Paris', 'Quadient Reaches', 'Quadient Director', 'delivery process', 'campus dining', 'inbound packages', 'Quadient®', 'Milestone', 'June', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'USA', 'Colleges', 'universities', 'time', 'resources', 'students', 'pickup', 'need', 'Security', 'risk', 'loss', 'theft', 'company', 'distribution', 'items', 'class', 'connectivity', 'accountability', 'transparency', 'products', 'types', 'sizes', 'industries', 'retail', 'multifamily', 'carriers', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'Small', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Attachment']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,finance.yahoo.com
25619,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-6-1-oxurion-to-participate-in-upcoming-conferences,Oxurion to Participate in Upcoming Conferences,"AM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the ""Company"" or ""Oxurion"")  a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders ","AM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the ""Company"" or ""Oxurion"")  a biopharmaceutical company developing next-generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders ",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming Conferences', 'Oxurion', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'clinical stage assets', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'AM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'next-generation standard', 'Oxurion NV', 'biopharmaceutical company']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,markets.buffalonews.com
25620,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tmcnet.com/usubmit/-ers-electronic-welcomes-new-investor-european-private-equity-/2023/06/01/9824294.htm,ERS electronic Welcomes New Investor  European private equity firm Gimv  on Board to Accelerate Scaling Efforts,ERS electronic GmbH  the industry leader in the market of thermal management solutions for semiconductor manufacturing  is pleased to announce the addition of a new investor  Gimv  a Belgian private equity firm listed on the Euronext 100.,ERS electronic GmbH  the industry leader in the market of thermal management solutions for semiconductor manufacturing  is pleased to announce the addition of a new investor  Gimv  a Belgian private equity firm listed on the Euronext 100.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['European private equity firm', 'New Investor', 'Scaling Efforts', 'electronic', 'Gimv', 'Board', 'Belgian private equity firm', 'thermal management solutions', 'electronic GmbH', 'industry leader', 'semiconductor manufacturing', 'new investor', 'market', 'addition', 'Gimv', 'Euronext']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,tmcnet.com
25621,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/pharming-announces-sale-of-priority-review-voucher-1032363055,Pharming announces sale of priority review voucher,Pharming was granted the PRV by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 2023 in connection with the approval of Joenja® (leniolisib); an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) ,"LEIDEN  The Netherlands  June 1  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Novartis Pharma A.G. (""Novartis"") to sell its Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher (PRV) to Novartis for a pre-agreed  one-time payment of approximately US$21.1 million shortly after closing.Pharming was granted the PRV by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in March 2023 in connection with the approval of Joenja® (leniolisib); an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a rare and progressive primary immunodeficiency  in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.Pursuant to the terms of the August 2019 exclusive license agreement between Pharming and Novartis for leniolisib  Novartis has the right to purchase the PRV from Pharming for a pre-agreed  contractually defined percentage of the PRV value.Jeroen Wakkerman  Chief Financial Officer of Pharming  said:""The sale of the PRV will further strengthen Pharming's financial position and help fund pipeline developments  including new indications for leniolisib. We remain committed to growing a portfolio of medicines in rare diseases  which have the potential to transform the lives of patients and working towards our goal of becoming a leading global rare disease company dedicated to patient communities with unmet medical needs.""About the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher (PRV) ProgramThe program is intended to encourage development of new drug and biological products for prevention and treatment of certain rare pediatric diseases. A PRV may be issued to the sponsor of a rare pediatric disease product application and entitles the holder to priority review of a single New Drug Application or Biologics License Application  which reduces the target review time and could lead to an expedited approval. The sponsor receives the PRV upon approval of the rare pediatric disease product application and it can be sold without limitation  subject to applicable FDA requirements for filing and use.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2022 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-sale-of-priority-review-voucher-301839171.htmlSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.15,0.84,True,English,"['priority review voucher', 'Pharming', 'sale', 'Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher', 'rare pediatric disease product application', 'leading global rare disease company', 'oral, selective PI3Kδ inhibitor', 'August 2019 exclusive license agreement', 'Novartis Pharma A.G.', 'single New Drug Application', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'rare pediatric diseases', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Biologics License Application', 'target review time', 'unmet medical needs', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Securities', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'protein replacement therapies', 'applicable FDA requirements', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'rare diseases', 'product candidates', 'pediatric patients', 'definitive agreement', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'Drug Administration', 'new indications', 'financial position', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'one-time payment', '3-kinase delta', 'primary immunodeficiency', 'Jeroen Wakkerman', 'pipeline developments', 'patient communities', 'biological products', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', '2022 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'cautionary statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'The Netherlands', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'late-stage development', 'information avail', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'expedited approval', 'similar terms', 'PRV value', 'PRV) Program', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'closing', 'Food', 'March', 'connection', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'APDS', 'progressive', 'adult', '12 years', 'right', 'percentage', 'sale', 'potential', 'lives', 'goal', 'prevention', 'treatment', 'sponsor', 'holder', 'limitation', 'filing', 'use', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'project', 'Examples', 'respect', 'timing', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'December', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers']",2023-06-01,2023-06-01,markets.businessinsider.com
