UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
4342,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Led by our CEO  Lieve Mostrey  and represented by our team of delegates  Euroclear is pleased to be joining @wef an… https://t.co/Ol6f7cj1GD,nan,Led by our CEO  Lieve Mostrey  and represented by our team of delegates  Euroclear is pleased to be joining @wef an… https://t.co/Ol6f7cj1GD,positive,0.75,0.23,0.01,positive,0.75,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Lieve Mostrey', 'CEO', 'team', 'delegates', 'Euroclear', 'Ol6f7cj1GD', 'Lieve Mostrey', 'CEO', 'team', 'delegates', 'Euroclear', 'Ol6f7cj1GD']",2022-05-06,2022-05-10,Unknown
4343,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Last week  experts from Acadia  Transcend and Euroclear came together to discuss the many challenges faced by colla… https://t.co/oIms8d0MYV,nan,Last week  experts from Acadia  Transcend and Euroclear came together to discuss the many challenges faced by colla… https://t.co/oIms8d0MYV,neutral,0.05,0.83,0.11,neutral,0.05,0.83,0.11,True,English,"['many challenges', 'experts', 'Acadia', 'Transcend', 'Euroclear', 'oIms8d0MYV', 'many challenges', 'experts', 'Acadia', 'Transcend', 'Euroclear', 'oIms8d0MYV']",2022-05-06,2022-05-10,Unknown
4354,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We are delighted to have Clearstream Solutions on board as a Sponsor for the upcoming #ESGSummit22@CSCarbon are a… https://t.co/8CFYBVGk93,nan,We are delighted to have Clearstream Solutions on board as a Sponsor for the upcoming #ESGSummit22@CSCarbon are a… https://t.co/8CFYBVGk93,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream Solutions', 'upcoming #ESGSummit22', 'board', 'Sponsor', '8CFYBVGk93', 'Clearstream Solutions', 'upcoming #ESGSummit22', 'board', 'Sponsor', '8CFYBVGk93']",2022-05-06,2022-05-10,Unknown
4355,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Swap your #WeekendRead for this listening recommendation: after wrapping season one  @Clearstream's #GFFpodcast wil… https://t.co/LPJ1gi0yJp,nan,Swap your #WeekendRead for this listening recommendation: after wrapping season one  @Clearstream's #GFFpodcast wil… https://t.co/LPJ1gi0yJp,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.8,0.02,True,English,"['listening recommendation', 'season', 'LPJ1gi0yJp', 'listening recommendation', 'season', 'LPJ1gi0yJp']",2022-05-06,2022-05-10,Unknown
4356,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Williecondon @brfootball Europa Conference lad. Sure that's like when Meany led Clearstream to the DB Cup Final,nan,@Williecondon @brfootball Europa Conference lad. Sure that's like when Meany led Clearstream to the DB Cup Final,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.05,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.05,True,English,"['brfootball Europa Conference lad', 'DB Cup Final', 'Williecondon', 'Meany', 'Clearstream', 'brfootball Europa Conference lad', 'DB Cup Final', 'Williecondon', 'Meany', 'Clearstream']",2022-05-06,2022-05-10,Unknown
4409,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Ally Financial is ready to move beyond its auto-centric past #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/eR3m4pgunG #regtech,nan,Ally Financial is ready to move beyond its auto-centric past #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/eR3m4pgunG #regtech,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Ally Financial', 'auto-centric past', 'Fintech', 'eR3m4pgunG', 'regtech', 'Ally Financial', 'auto-centric past', 'Fintech', 'eR3m4pgunG', 'regtech']",2022-05-07,2022-05-10,Unknown
4417,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,I found you an Oversold RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily chart of Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany 5-1… https://t.co/ygBpf3UyqX,nan,I found you an Oversold RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily chart of Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany 5-1… https://t.co/ygBpf3UyqX,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,negative,0.01,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Oversold RSI', 'daily chart', 'ygBpf3UyqX', 'Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Oversold RSI', 'daily chart', 'ygBpf3UyqX']",2022-05-07,2022-05-10,Unknown
4440,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@SanNL11 If want a deeper rabbit hole to go down  look into fnality working with euroclear ;) you won’t believe wha… https://t.co/A56vP6j3wN,nan,@SanNL11 If want a deeper rabbit hole to go down  look into fnality working with euroclear ;) you won’t believe wha… https://t.co/A56vP6j3wN,negative,0.11,0.24,0.65,negative,0.11,0.24,0.65,True,English,"['deeper rabbit hole', 'fnality', 'euroclear', 'deeper rabbit hole', 'fnality', 'euroclear']",2022-05-08,2022-05-10,Unknown
4442,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Site Administratorat ClearStream Energy ServicesPosition ClearStream Energy Services Site Administrator Location… https://t.co/Rv11LeSZHo,nan,Site Administratorat ClearStream Energy ServicesPosition ClearStream Energy Services Site Administrator Location… https://t.co/Rv11LeSZHo,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Position ClearStream Energy Services Site Administrator Location', 'Rv11LeSZHo', 'ClearStream Energy Services Position ClearStream Energy Services Site Administrator Location', 'Rv11LeSZHo']",2022-05-07,2022-05-10,Unknown
4445,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse to include CME Group market data on its A7 analytics platformNew data will enable market participan… https://t.co/880dAOMVct,nan,Deutsche Börse to include CME Group market data on its A7 analytics platformNew data will enable market participan… https://t.co/880dAOMVct,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['CME Group market data', 'Deutsche Börse', 'A7 analytics platform', 'New data', 'market participan', '0dAOMVct', 'CME Group market data', 'Deutsche Börse', 'A7 analytics platform', 'New data', 'market participan', '0dAOMVct']",2022-05-08,2022-05-10,Unknown
4446,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The winner of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 will be announced next week.Which project do y… https://t.co/xO7VScf2YM,nan,The winner of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2022 will be announced next week.Which project do y… https://t.co/xO7VScf2YM,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'winner', 'project', 'xO7VScf2YM', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'winner', 'project', 'xO7VScf2YM']",2022-05-08,2022-05-10,Unknown
4459,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-a-warhol-at-200-million-explained-by-artprice-in-five-points-301542424.html,Artmarket.com: a Warhol at $200 million explained by Artprice in five points,PARIS  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The glamorous face of Marylin Monroe painted by arguably the greatest artist in the history of the United States is about to elicit the second highest auction bid the art market has ever seen. At least that's what the very p…,"According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO and Founder of Artprice and the Artmarket.com group  ""All the conditions are in place for a new landmark. Last year  a Picasso painting sold for $103 million  but the record that really impressed was the $69 million for a work by Beeple. The market took real risks  which it had not done since the Salvator Mundi in 2017  the only result to ever cross the $200 million threshold"". Caution and reason do not always prevail when it comes to bidding on a truly iconic work. But Artprice has nevertheless identified five reasons justifying an estimate of $200 million: the exceptional characteristics of the work and the perfect timing of the sale could indeed galvanize the bidding.1. Andy Warhol's market at an apexComing out of the health crisis  Andy Warhol's prices are as buoyant as ever. In 2021  his auction turnover reached $348 million  exceeding the $300 million threshold for the first time in six years thanks to some 1 600 works sold worldwide. In terms of annual turnover  Andy Warhol was once again the third most successful artist in the world  behind Pablo Picasso and his friend Jean-Michel Basquiat.https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021/top-500-artists-by-auction-turnoverOn 15 November 2021  his painting Nine Marilyn (1962) was one of the centerpieces of Sotheby's Macklowe Collection sale  the most valuable collection ever sold at auction. Estimated between $40 and $60 million  the canvas was finally acquired for $47.4 million. A relatively modest result  it nevertheless marked the relaunch of the ultra high-end Warhol market and reassured sellers.2. The best period of creationWhile Warhol works circulate abundantly in auction rooms  his masterpieces remain relatively rare  in particular the most famous series  including Campbell Soup  Mao  Jackie Kennedy  etc. Among these paintings  the color pieces are now almost all in major museums. Of Andy Warhol's five best auction results  four have been works in black and white and the fifth  a work in black and green. None of them sport truly Pop colors.Top 5 Andy Warhol auction results1. Silver Car Crash (1963) – $105.4 million - 13/11/2013 – Sotheby's NY2. Triple Elvis (1963) – $81.9 million - 12/11 /2014 – Christie's NY3. Green Car Crash (1963) – $71.7 million - 05/16/2007 – Christie's NY4. Four Marlons (1966) – $69.6 million - 11/12/2014 – Christie's NY5. Men in her life (1962) – $63.4 million - 08/11/2010 – Phillips de Pury NYThese five works were all created in the 1960s  Andy Warhol's most creative decade. He also created the Shot Marilyn series in the 60s  including the piece that Christie's will be offering on Monday 9 May. Until now  only one painting from this series has been auctioned: Shot Red Marilyn (1964)  which successively sold for $4 million in 1989  then $3.6 million in 1994 at Christie's in New York.3. A work with a colorful historyShot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) is from a series of five portraits of America's most fetichized actress in the 1950s  a series that the performance artist Dorothy Podber apparently tried to shoot. The story goes that Andy Warhol naively accepted her request to ""shoot"" the works  thinking of course that the young woman wanted to photograph them. The error was quickly identified before any damage could be done  but the commercial genius of the American artist turned the incident to his advantage. By adding one more story to the myth of Marilyn  of the Factory  of Pop Art and of 'appropriation'  Warhol succeeded in making the five canvases even more exceptional.As Christie's points out  it is not just one of Warhol's most beautiful pieces still in circulation  it may also come from one of the most legendary collections there is  that of the illustrious art dealer and friend of the artist  Thomas Ammann. Like Leo Castelli  Ammann helped to make Warhol's work famous  exhibiting it alongside works by Francis Bacon  Jasper Johns  Mark Rothko  Cy Twombly and Jean-Michel Basquiat.4. Icon of Post-War Art and NFTsFor fifteen years  Andy Warhol has been the most successful Post-War artist on the art market. His success is based on an oeuvre that is distinctly recognizable in all the different radically innovative artistic techniques with which he experimented  techniques that in many respects opened numerous paths for Contemporary Art. By questioning the reproducibility of works as well as the tendentious relationship between art and money  his work challenged many of the assumptions of the Post-War art market.Similar questions are being posed today by NFTs  a phenomenon whose success is intimately based on the rise of crypto-currencies and which plays with ""variations on a theme"" to the point of creating 10 000 versions in PFP (picture for proof) collections.In May 2021  Christie's offered five digital works by Andy Warhol (found on a floppy disk) in the form of NFTs.5. An extremely favorable economic situationIn 2021  sales of NFTs contributed to the recovery of the global art market. This new category of work accounted for only 1.4% of global art auction turnover (with $232 million)  but the results for works by Beeple  Pak and Larva Labs awakened collectors to the possibilities of a less predictable and less well-oiled art market.https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021/key-results-in-2021Compared to last year  2022 appears to have started rather cautiously  although London hammered several excellent results  including a superb new record for René Magritte at almost $80 million  and a work by Chardin exceeded $26 million in Paris. But sales have not yet really started in New York. The month of May will therefore mark the real start to the year  with New York's prestigious spring sessions.It is in this context that the sale of Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) will take place  with all proceeds going to charity.Image: https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2022/05/Andy-WARHOL-Marilyn-Monroe-FS-II-29-1629243005.jpgCopyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to c ontact our E conometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 770 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6300 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.7 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (4.3 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1813322/Artmarket_Marilyn_Monroe.jpgArtmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.5,0.15,0.35,True,English,"['five points', 'Artmarket', 'Warhol', 'Artprice', 'different radically innovative artistic techniques', 'Top 5 Andy Warhol auction results', 'Shot Sage Blue Marilyn', 'five best auction results', 'ultra high-end Warhol market', 'Artmarket.com group', 'Silver Car Crash', 'favorable economic situation', 'illustrious art dealer', 'Green Car Crash', 'Macklowe Collection sale', 'Shot Marilyn series', 'Post-War art market', 'successful Post-War artist', 'five digital works', 'global art market', 'best period', 'auction turnover', 'auction rooms', 'five reasons', 'successful artist', 'valuable collection', 'five portraits', 'five canvases', 'Nine Marilyn', 'Red Marilyn', 'Pop Art', 'Contemporary Art', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'new landmark', 'real risks', 'Salvator Mundi', 'exceptional characteristics', 'perfect timing', 'health crisis', 'first time', 'six years', 'annual turnover', 'Pablo Picasso', 'Jean-Michel Basquiat', 'Campbell Soup', 'Jackie Kennedy', 'color pieces', 'major museums', 'Pop colors', 'Triple Elvis', 'Four Marlons', 'creative decade', 'New York', 'colorful history', 'fetichized actress', 'performance artist', 'Dorothy Podber', 'young woman', 'commercial genius', 'American artist', 'beautiful pieces', 'legendary collections', 'Leo Castelli', 'Francis Bacon', 'Jasper Johns', 'Mark Rothko', 'Cy Twombly', 'fifteen years', 'many respects', 'numerous paths', 'tendentious relationship', 'Similar questions', 'proof) collections', 'floppy disk', 'new category', 'five works', 'Picasso painting', 'famous series', '$200 million threshold', 'modest result', 'Monday 9 May', 'Thomas Ammann', 'Pury NY', 'one painting', 'iconic work', '1,600 works', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'Artprice', 'conditions', 'place', 'record', 'Beeple', 'Caution', 'estimate', 'bidding', 'apex', 'prices', 'terms', 'third', 'world', 'friend', 'art-market', '500-artists', 'auction-turnover', '15 November', 'centerpieces', 'Sotheby', 'relaunch', 'sellers', 'creation', 'masterpieces', 'Mao', 'paintings', 'black', 'None', 'Christie', 'Men', 'life', 'Phillips', '1960s', '1950s', 'request', 'course', 'error', 'damage', 'incident', 'advantage', 'myth', 'Factory', 'appropriation', 'circulation', '4. Icon', 'NFTs', 'oeuvre', 'reproducibility', 'money', 'assumptions', 'rise', 'crypto-currencies', 'variations', 'theme', 'point', '10,000 versions', 'PFP', 'picture', 'sales', 'recovery', '3.']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4460,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.investegate.co.uk/afarak-group-plc/gnw/notice-of-afarak-group-plc-s-annual-general-meeting/20220509074856H1995/,Afarak Group Plc: Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General Meeting,1 day ago,Monday 09 May  2022Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General Meeting08:00 London  10:00 Helsinki  9 May 2022 - Afarak Group Plc (LSE: AFRK  NASDAQ: AFAGR)Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group Plc (“Afarak”) of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 1 June 2022 at 2 p.m. the company´s headquarter  address Kaisaniemenkatu 4  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The shareholders of the company may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by presenting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. It is not possible to attend the meeting in person. Instructions for shareholders can be found in part C of this Notice.The Board of Directors has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the temporary legislation (375/2021) which entered into force May 8  2021. In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic the company has taken precautionary measures enabled by the temporary legislation in order to be able to convene the Annual General Meeting in a foreseeable meaning  considering the health and safety of the company’s shareholders  personnel and other stakeholders.The aim is to keep the Annual General Meeting as short as possible  while ensuring that all legal obligations are fulfilled. The Members of the Board of the Directors or CEO will not participate in the Annual General Meeting and there will be no addresses by the Board or Management at the meeting.MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:The following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney-at-Law Mika Taberman shall act as the Chairman of the meeting.If due to weighty reasons Mika Taberman is not able to act as Chairman  the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as Chairman.3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesAttorney-at-law Kalle Klemetti shall scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of the votes.If Kalle Klemetti due to weighty reasons is not able to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of the votes  the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders attending the meeting shall be those shareholders who have voted in advance during the voting period and who in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Companies Act are entitled to attend the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2021Since the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting  the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report  published by the company on 31 March 2022  are considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report are available on the Afarak website https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.7. Adoption of the Group annual accounts  income statement and balance sheet8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend from the financial year ending on 31 December 2021 is paid. As Afarak Group Plc has no distributable funds  no minority dividend can be demanded.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration reportfor governing bodiesSince the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies published on 9 May 2022 is considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the Afarak website https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. The resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the AuditorIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 3 500 per month. The Chairman of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1 500 per month and Vice Chairperson shall be paid an additional EUR 1 000 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1 500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic  Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the next mandate that begins from the end of the General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2023. Shareholders Atkey Ltd and LNS Resources Ltd  have expressed their support to this proposal and will vote at the upcoming AGM in favor of it. These shareholders represent 52.66 % of the share capital of the company.14. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting according to the recommendation by the company's Audit Committee that Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy would be re-elected as the auditor of the company. Tietotili Audit Oy has proposed that the auditor with the main responsibility would be APA Urpo Salo.15. Directed share issuance without payment to the companyThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting would decide according to chapter 9  section 20 of the Companies' Act to direct a share issuance without payment to the company itself. The share issuance consists of 15 000 000 new shares. The shares are of the same share series than the existing shares of the company and they have the same share rights as of their registration than the company´s existing shares.The shares which will be held by the company may be used among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes.The new shares will be registered into the Trade Register without undue delay after which the company will apply for the shares to be publicly traded on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy.16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and upon issuing other special rights that entitle to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 250 000 000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 99 19 % of the company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that  by virtue of the authorization  the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces all previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.17. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAfarak Group Plc has published the Report by the Board of Directors  the Financial Statements 2021  the Auditor's Report  the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 15 June 2022.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGShareholders of the company may only participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.1 Right to attendA shareholder who no later than on 19 May 2022 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register.A shareholder may only participate in the meeting by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.2 Registration and advance voting servicesThe registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on 13 May 2022 at 10:00 am when the deadline for submitting counterproposals has passed. A shareholder who is registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by 24 May 2022 at 10:00 am by which time the registration shall be completed and the votes given.Requested information shall be given in connection with the registration such as the name  social security number  address and phone number of the shareholder. The personal data given to Afarak or Euroclear Finland Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the time period beginning on 13 May 2022 at 10:00 am and ending on 24 May 2022 on 10:00 am by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.For shareholders that are natural persons  registration requires strong electronic authentication. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company's website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. After this  a shareholder can in one session register to the Annual General Meeting  authorize another person and vote in advance. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic suomi.fi authorization  registration requires strong electronic authentication from the authorized representative  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through email or mailShareholders may submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ to Euroclear Finland Ltd by email to [email protected] or by mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by way of advance voting  voting in advance is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information is given.Instructions for voting will be available on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest when the advance voting period begins.3 Using representative and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to [email protected] before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal person shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal person in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In the General Meeting service of Euroclear Finland Oy  the authorized representative shall in connection with registration use strong electronic authentication and thereafter the electronic authorization is verified automatically. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Further information is available at suomi.fi/e-authorizations and on the Company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.4 Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting  i.e. 19 May 2022 would be entitled  to be registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders’ Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 27 May 2022 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above. In addition  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.Further information is available on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.5 Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one per cent of all the company’s shares are entitled to make counter-proposals subject for voting to the agenda points of the Annual General Meeting. Such counterproposals shall be delivered to the company by email to [email protected] no later than 12 May 2022 at 2:00 p.m. The shareholder submitting the counterproposal shall present sufficient evidence on his/her shareholding at the date of this notice when delivering the counterproposal. The counterproposal shall be handled at the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and if the shareholder holds at least one per cent of all the company’s shares on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. If a counterproposal is not taken to be handled at the Annual General Meeting  votes given for the counterproposals will be disregarded. The company shall disclose possible counter-proposals subject for voting on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest on 13 May 2022.A shareholder may ask questions pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act on topics included in the meeting agenda until 17 May 2022 at 2:00 pm by email to [email protected]. Such shareholders’ questions and the management’s answers thereto as well as possible counterproposals not subject for voting will be available on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest on 20 May 2022. Shareholders are required to present sufficient evidence of their shareholding in order to ask questions and make counterproposals.Afarak Group Plc has at the date of invitation  9 May 2022  in total 252 041 814 shares in issue and of which 252 041 814 have voting rights. The company holds in total 5 173 991 shares in treasury.IN HELSINKI  ON 9 MAY 2022.AFARAK GROUP PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor additional information  please contact:Guy Konsbruck  CEO  +356 2122 1566  [email protected]Financial reports and other investor information are available on the Company's website: www.afarak.com .Afarak Group is a specialist alloy producer focused on delivering sustainable growth with a Speciality Alloys business in southern Europe and a FerroAlloys business in South Africa. The Company is listed on NASDAQ Helsinki (AFAGR) and the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (AFRK).Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiLondon Stock ExchangeMain mediawww.afarak.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.88,0.07,negative,0.08,0.3,0.63,True,English,"['Afarak Group Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Group annual accounts', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'Law Mika Taberman', 'law Kalle Klemetti', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Financial Statements', 'Non-executive Board Members', 'The Remuneration report', 'Afarak website', 'shareholder rights', 'proxy representation', 'part C', 'temporary legislation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'precautionary measures', 'foreseeable meaning', 'other stakeholders', 'legal obligations', 'weighty reasons', 'voting period', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'governing bodies', 'Vice Chairperson', 'committee work', 'accommodation expenses', 'other costs', 'financial year', 'remuneration reportfor', 'following matters', 'advance voting', 'Monday 09 May', 'minority dividend', 'Board membership', 'Directors’ Report', 'year 2021', 'Notice', '10:00 Helsinki', 'LSE', 'AFRK', 'NASDAQ', 'AFAGR', 'shareholders', '1 June', 'company', 'headquarter', 'Kaisaniemenkatu', '00100 Helsinki', 'way', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Instructions', 'force', 'order', 'spread', 'health', 'safety', 'personnel', 'aim', 'CEO', 'addresses', 'Management', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'Chairman', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Sections', 'information', 'Auditor', '31 March', 'investors', 'shareholder-meetings', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'month', 'Committees', 'executives', 'travel']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,investegate.co.uk
4461,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-160100591.html,Notice to attend the annual general meeting of Minesto AB,1 day ago,"STOCKHOLM  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Minesto AB  reg. no. 556719-4914 (""Minesto"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  8 June 2022 3:00 p.m. at Dockyard Hotel at the address Skeppet Ärans Väg 23 in Göteborg. The entrance opens and the registration starts at 2:30 p.m.Please note: This press release is a translation of the press release in Swedish that was published on 9 May 2022. In the event of any inconsistency between the English and the Swedish versions  the latter shall prevail.The board of directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act and the company's articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.Vote at the annual general meetingAny shareholder wishing to participate at the Annual General Meeting must:i. be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday  30 May 2022  and  if the shares are registered with a nominee  request that the nominee register the voting rights no later than Wednesday  1 June 2022  andii. have registered their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting to the Company under the heading ""Registration of personal participation or participation by proxy""  alternatively provide a postal vote according to the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" in such time that the postal vote is received by the Company no later than 1 June 2022.Registration for personal participation or participation by proxyShareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy shall notify the Company no later than 1 June 2022  either:i. by digital form on the Company's website  www.minesto.com  orStory continuesii. by post to Minesto AB  J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda (mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2022"").The notification shall include name or company name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number as well as  where applicable  the number of assistants (maximum two).Anyone who does not wish to attend in person and or exercise their voting right by postal vote may exercise their right at the Annual General Meeting by proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a copy of the registration certificate or equivalent document of authorisation for the legal entity must be attached.To facilitate access to the Annual General Meeting powers of attorney  registration certificates and other authorisation documents should be received by the Company at the address Minesto AB  J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda (mark the envelope ""Annual General Meeting 2022"") well in advance of the Annual General Meeting and preferably no later than Wednesday  1 June 2022.Please note that the notification of participation at the Annual General Meeting shall take place even if a shareholder wishes to exercise its rights at the Annual General Meeting by proxy. Submission of power of attorney shall not constitute a valid notification to the Annual General Meeting.A power of attorney form is available on the Company's website  www.minesto.com.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate at the Annual General Meeting (registration of postal vote)  shareholders who have caused their shares to be registered with a nominee must request that they be temporarily registered in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. The shareholder should provide notice to the nominee thereof in due time so that entry in the share register has taken place on 1 June 2022.Postal votingShareholders who wish to exercise their voting right at the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance by digital postal vote must use a digital form  which will be available on the Company's website  www.minesto.com. The voting form must be completed and submitted to poströsta.se no later than 1 June 2022. Submission of the voting form will count as a notice to the Annual General Meeting.If the shareholder is a legal entity  the form must include the registration certificate or other authorisation documents. Power of attorney forms for shareholders who wish to vote in advance by proxy are available on the Company's website.Shareholders may not affix the postal vote with specific instructions or conditions. If such occurs  the postal vote is invalid. Additional instructions and conditions are stated on the form.BusinessProposed agenda :1. Opening of the meeting 2. Election of chairperson of the meeting 3. Preparation and approval of the voting register 4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes;5. Determination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened 6. Approval of the agenda 7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report for the Company and the group 8. Resolutions regarding:a. adoption of the income statement and balance sheet for the Company and the group b. allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet c. discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO i. Jonas Millqvist (director).ii. Bengt Adolfsson (director) iii. Göran Linder (director) iv. Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (director) v. Martin Edlund (director and CEO) vi. Andreas Gunnarsson (deputy director) 9. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directors and the number of auditors 10. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditors 11. Election of the Board of Directors i. Jonas Millqvist (chairman) ii. Bengt Adolfsson (director) iii. Göran Linder (director) iv. Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (director) v. Martin Edlund (director) vi. Andreas Gunnarsson (deputy director).12. Election of auditor 13. Resolution regarding principles for the nomination committee 14. Resolution regarding adoption of guideline for compensation to senior executives 15. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles 16. Resolution regarding adjustment authorization 17. Closing of the meeting.Nomination committeeIn accordance with the principles adopted by last year's Annual General Meeting  the nomination committee is composed of three directors  whereof two directors are appointed by the Company's largest shareholder as per 30 September 2021  and one director who has been convening. The nomination committee appoints a chairman from amongst its members.The nomination committee has consisted of Git Sturesjö Adolfsson (appointed by BGA Invest AB)  Göran Linder (appointed by Corespring New Technology AB) and Bengt Adolfsson (appointed chairman. The chairman of the nomination committee has been Git Sturesjö Adolfsson.Proposed resolutions by the nomination committee2. Election of chairperson of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes lawyer Eric Ehrencrona or  in the event of an impediment  the person appointed by the nomination committee to be elected as the chair of the Annual General Meeting.9. Resolution regarding determination of the number of directors and deputy directorsThe nomination committee proposes that the number of directors for the period until the next Annual General Meeting is five and that one deputy director shall be appointed.10. Resolution regarding determination of the fees payable to the directors and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the fee per director elected shall be distributed as follows (the same price base amount level as last year): annual fee of four price base amounts to the chairman of the Board of Directors and annual fee of two price base amounts to directors not employed by the Company. The price-base amount per 2022 shall be applied upon resolution under this item.If the meeting resolves according to the nomination committee's proposal as regards the composition of the Board of Directors  the total fee will amount to ten price base amounts.It is proposed that no fee shall be paid to the board of director's remuneration committee respectively auditors committee since these are made up of members of the board of director.It is proposed that fees be paid to the auditor according to invoice approved by the Company.11. Election of the Board of DirectorsThe nomination committee proposes re-election of directors of the board Bengt Adolfsson  Martin Edlund  Göran Linder  Jonas Millqvist and Git Sturesjö Adolfsson. Andreas Gunnarsson is proposed to be re-elected as deputy director.The nomination committee proposes re-election of Jonas Millqvist as chairman of the Board of Directors.The proposed composition of the Board of Directors of the Company complies with the corporate governance code regarding independence. All directors except Martin Edlund are independent in relation to the Company and the company management. Jonas Millqvist and Martin Edlund are independent in relation to the Company's major shareholders.12. Election of auditorThe nomination committee proposes re-election of Ernst & Young AB (EY) as auditor of the Company. EY has informed that in the event it is re-elected  Andreas Mast will continue in his capacity as principal auditor.13. Resolution regarding adoption of principles for the nomination committeeIt is proposed that the Company shall have a nominations committee consisting of three persons in accordance with last year's principles according to the following. Each of the Company's two largest shareholders in terms of voting power as of 30 September 2022 shall each have the right to appoint a member of the nomination committee. In addition  the nomination committee shall consist of the chairman of the Board of Directors who shall convene the first meeting. The nominations committee appoints the chairman of the committee.The nomination committee shall submit proposals to the 2023 Annual General Meeting for: a) election of chairman of the Annual General Meeting  b) resolution regarding number of board members  c) resolution regarding compensation to the chairman of the Board of Directors and each of the other directors d) election of board members  e) election of chairman of the board  f) resolution regarding remuneration to auditor  g) election of auditor  h) resolution regarding principles for appointing the nomination committee and i) resolution regarding principles for the nomination committee..If any of the two members of the nomination committee appointed by the two largest shareholders by voting power resign from the nomination committee prior to completion of its work  the shareholder appointing the resigning member shall have the right to appoint a new member. In case any of the two largest shareholders by voting power sells all  not only a portion  of its shares in the Company prior to the nomination committee completing its work  instead of such shareholder the third largest shareholder shall have the right to appoint a new member etc.Fees shall not be paid to members of the nomination committee. Upon request of the nomination committee  the Company shall  however  provide personnel resources to facilitate the work of the nomination committee  such as  for example  a secretary. If necessary  the Company shall also pay for other reasonable costs necessary for the work of the nomination committee.Proposed resolutions by the Board of Directors3. Preparation and approval of the voting registerThe voting list  which is proposed for approval under item 3 of the agenda is the voting list that has been prepared by the chairman  based on the annual general meeting share register and advance votes received  and which has been verified by the adjusters.8 b. Resolution on allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company's results be allocated according to the Board of Directors' proposal in the annual report. The Board of Directors accordingly proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2021.14. Resolution regarding adoption of guidelines for compensation to senior executivesCompensation to senior managementSenior executives in the Company refer to the CEO and other members of the management group. The remuneration committee  which consists of the Board of Directors excluding the CEO  prepares the issue of adoption of guidelines for compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives  and proposes them to the board of directors.The Board of Directors proposes the following guidelines for the determination of salaries and other compensation to senior management. For the purpose of ensuring that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified senior executives  the fundamental principle is that the senior executives must be offered employment terms and compensation on market terms.Salaries and other benefits: Compensation to the senior executives shall be comprised of a fixed salary and pension. The fixed salaries are normally reviewed on a calendar year basis. In addition to fixed salary  a variable salary may be implemented under the pre-requisite that the variable part never exceeds 25 percent of the yearly salary. In addition  senior management shall be entitled to customary non-monetary benefits such as  company cars and occupational healthcare. Other benefits may also be offered on an individual basis.Pension: Senior executives shall be offered pension terms that include a defined plan for provisions with premiums based on the entire basic salary. The pension provisions are individual and shall be in relation to the basic salary.Notice of termination period and severance pay: The notice period shall be a maximum of six months  if the Company gives the notice and a maximum of six months if the notice is given on the initiative of the senior executive. In the event of termination by the Company  severance pay may  in addition be paid in an amount corresponding to a maximum of six monthly salaries.Incentive program: Resolution regarding share and share price-related incentive programs directed to senior executives shall be made by the Annual General Meeting.Remuneration Committee: The remuneration committee  i.e. the board excluding the CEO  shall prepare issues regarding compensation principles  compensation and other terms of employment for senior executives. The more detailed principles for salary setting  pensions and other benefits shall be found in the salary policy established by the Remuneration Committee regarding senior executives.Deviations in individual cases: The Board of Directors shall be entitled to deviate from these guidelines where there is special cause for such an individual case.Compensation to Board of DirectorsCompensation to the Board of Directors is determined by the Annual General Meeting based on proposals from the nomination committee. However  the Board of Directors is entitled  in specific cases  to commission an individual director to perform consultancy services on behalf of the Company within their respective areas of competence. Directors elected by the Annual General Meeting shall  in these specific cases  be eligible to receive fees for services  which do not constitute board work. With respect to the services  a fee on market terms will be payable  which must be approved by the Board of Directors. This shall also be applicable if the work is carried out through a company wholly or partially owned by a board member.These guidelines correspond to the guidelines approved by the Annual General Meeting 2021.15. Resolution regarding authorization of the Board of Directors to issue shares and/or warrants and/or convertiblesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve  on one or several occasions  on issue of shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles during the time until the next Annual General Meeting for payment in cash and/or with terms regarding set-off or issue in kind or otherwise with terms and thereby deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders.The issues shall be done to a marketable issue price determined by the Board of Directors in consultation with the company's financial advisers  taking into consideration any marketable issue-discount.The number of shares that could be issued  or the number of shares that could be subscribed for through warrants  or the number of shares that convertibles could be converted into shall amount to a total maximum of 15 295 000 new shares representing a dilution amounting to approximately ten per cent.The purpose of the authorization and the reason to deviate from the preferential right of the shareholders is that issues shall be possible for financing the company's business  commercialisation and development of the company's products and markets and/or acquisition of businesses  companies or parts of companies and/or enable a broadening of the owner base of the Company.The approval by the Annual General Meeting of this proposal in accordance with the above is valid only if supported by shareholders representing at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the votes represented at the meeting.16. Resolution regarding adjustment authorizationThe Board of Directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the Board of Directors shall be authorized to make such minor amendments and clarifications of the resolution by the Annual General Meeting that may prove necessary in connection with registration of the resolutions.Number of shares and votesAt the time of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 137 655 143. The Company holds no treasury shares.Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if requested by any of the shareholders and the board of directors deem that it will not essentially damage the company  provide information regarding circumstances that can have an effect on the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can have an effect on the assessment of the company's financial situation. The disclosure obligation also refers to the Company's relationship with other Group company and the consolidated accounts as well as such matters regarding Group companies as referred to above.Annual report and other documentsAccounting documents  auditors' report and other documents to be considered at the Annual General Meeting will be available at the Company's office at J A Wettergrens Gata 14  421 30 Västra Frölunda  and on the Company's website  www.minesto.com  no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed please refer to the integrity policy available on Euroclear's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.Göteborg in May 2022Minesto ABThe Board of DirectorsCONTACT:For additional information  please contactCecilia Sernhage  Communications Manager+46 31 29 00 60ir@minesto.comThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/minesto-ab/r/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-of-minesto-ab c3563520The following files are available for download:",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.2,0.27,0.54,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Minesto AB', 'Notice', 'J A Wettergrens Gata', 'Västra Frölunda', 'Skeppet Ärans Väg', 'Annual General Meeting powers', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other authorisation documents', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'digital postal vote', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Göteborg', 'telephone number', 'postal voting', 'digital form', 'Dockyard Hotel', 'press release', 'Swedish versions', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'poströsta', 'voting register', 'two persons', 'Minesto AB', 'voting rights', 'personal participation', 'voting form', 'specific instructions', 'Additional instructions', 'registration certificate', 'due time', 'valid notification', 'attorney forms', 'dated power', ""shareholders' register"", 'company name', 'STOCKHOLM', 'PRNewswire', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'June', 'address', 'entrance', 'translation', '9 May', 'event', 'inconsistency', 'English', 'latter', 'board', 'directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'proxy', 'Monday', '30 May', 'intention', 'heading', 'website', 'Story', 'envelope', 'assistants', 'Anyone', 'written', 'copy', 'access', 'advance', 'place', 'Submission', 'order', 'entry', 'conditions', 'Business', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairperson', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', '00', '2:30', '5.']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4465,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,U.S. Bancorp  community groups reach accord over MUFG Union Bank merger #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/imZYuphrqh #regtech,nan,U.S. Bancorp  community groups reach accord over MUFG Union Bank merger #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/imZYuphrqh #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['MUFG Union Bank merger', 'U.S. Bancorp', 'community groups', 'accord', 'Fintech', 'imZYuphrqh', 'regtech', 'MUFG Union Bank merger', 'U.S. Bancorp', 'community groups', 'accord', 'Fintech', 'imZYuphrqh', 'regtech']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,Unknown
4466,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Autostrade  the first ever Eurobond. At its time  as edgy as anything on blockchain. No Euroclear in 1963  nor SWIF… https://t.co/K16heZ5OG6,nan,Autostrade  the first ever Eurobond. At its time  as edgy as anything on blockchain. No Euroclear in 1963  nor SWIF… https://t.co/K16heZ5OG6,negative,0.02,0.14,0.84,negative,0.02,0.14,0.84,True,English,"['Autostrade', 'first', 'Eurobond', 'time', 'blockchain', 'SWIF', 'K16heZ5OG6', 'Autostrade', 'first', 'Eurobond', 'time', 'blockchain', 'SWIF', 'K16heZ5OG6']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,Unknown
4467,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,US healthcare fintech Walnut raises $110m in Series A round #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DjJynBzJCP #regtech,nan,US healthcare fintech Walnut raises $110m in Series A round #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/DjJynBzJCP #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['US healthcare fintech Walnut', 'Series A round', 'DjJynBzJCP #regtech', 'co', 'US healthcare fintech Walnut', 'Series A round', 'DjJynBzJCP #regtech', 'co']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,Unknown
4468,Clearstream,Google API,https://guambuildupnews.com/markets/student-rfid-tracking-systems-market-major-technology-giants-in-buzz-again/,Student RFID Tracking Systems Market – Major Technology Giants in Buzz Again – Guam Buildup News,1 day ago,A Student RFID Tracking Systems report has come out that gives an overview of the Global Student RFID Tracking Systems Industry along with a detailed explanation that provides plenty of insight. The definition of the product/service along with the different applications of this product/service in different end-user Student RFID Tracking Systems industries can be found in the overview. There is also plenty of information that highlights the growth trajectory of the Global Student RFID Tracking Systems Market. The information provides a strong base for the Student RFID Tracking Systems market to be segmented into different segments. In fact  the information also displays the maximum market share during the forecast period by 2030.In addition to the above  the information is based on the partners that are highly competitive  key players as well as their market revenue in the forecast years of 2021 to 2030. There is also a strong focus on product revenues  sales  product categories and even the products that are experiencing the most traction. In this manner  the Student RFID Tracking Systems report also speaks about the effectiveness of the Student RFID Tracking Systems Market along with its growth during the forecast period of 2030. Other major attributes of the Student RFID Tracking Systems market have been studied and analyzed across many developments. This paints a picture of a solid hold of the market for the forthcoming period.The key players covered in this Student RFID Tracking Systems studyCard Tec  Clearstream  Child Safety  Datalogic SpA  DominateRIFD  Coresonant Systems Pvt. Ltd.  Pulse Seventeen  GAO RFID  Inc.  Seon Design  Inc.  Magnasoft Consulting India Pvt. Limited – Northstar  SàvantData System LLCBy TypeTagsReadersMiddlewareBy ApplicationK-12Higher EducationGet Sample instant Report on Student RFID Tracking Systems market @ marketreports.info/sample/25332/Student-RFID-Tracking-SystemsSegmentation on Student RFID Tracking Systems market:-The Global Student RFID Tracking Systems Market has been segmented on the basis of different aspects. The market is also segmented according to region. This segmentation has been followed with the goal of extracting insights into the Student RFID Tracking Systems Market that are both detailed as well as accurate. The Global Student RFID Tracking Systems Market has been segmented into Latin America  North America  Asia Pacific  Europe  and the Middle East & Africa on the basis of regionResearch MethodologyThe Student RFID Tracking Systems report has its roots definitely set in thorough strategies provided by the proficient data analysts. The research methodology involves the collection of information by analysts only to have them studied and filtered thoroughly in an attempt to provide significant predictions about the Student RFID Tracking Systems market over the review period. The Student RFID Tracking Systems research process further includes interviews with leading market influencers  which makes the primary research relevant and practical. The secondary method gives a direct peek into the demand and supply connection into Student RFID Tracking Systems market. The Student RFID Tracking Systems market methodologies adopted in the report offer precise data analysis and provides a tour of the entire Student RFID Tracking Systems market. Both primary and secondary approaches to data collection have been used. In addition to these  publicly available sources such as SEC filings  annual reports  and white papers have been used by data analysts for an insightful understanding of the Student RFID Tracking Systems market. The research methodology clearly reflects an intent to extract a comprehensive view of the Student RFID Tracking Systems market by having it analyzed against many parameters. The valued inputs enhance the Student RFID Tracking Systems report and offer an edge over the peers.Get Discount as per your Ballpark on full in-depth Student RFID Tracking Systems report@ marketreports.info/discount/25332/Student-RFID-Tracking-SystemsDrivers & ConstraintsThe Global Student RFID Tracking Systems Market rests united with the incidence of leading players who keep funding to the market’s growth significantly every year. The Student RFID Tracking Systems report studies the value  volume trends  and the pricing structure of the Student RFID Tracking Systems market so that it could predict maximum growth in the future. Besides  various suppressed growth factors  restraints  and opportunities are also estimated for the advanced study and suggestions of the market over the assessment period.Buy Complete Report on Student RFID Tracking Systems report at: marketreports.info/checkout?buynow=25332/Student-RFID-Tracking-SystemsAbout UsMarketreports.info is a global market research and consulting service provider specialized in offering wide range of business solutions to their clients including market research reports  primary and secondary research  demand forecasting services  focus group analysis and other services. We understand that how data is important in today’s competitive environment and thus  we have collaborated with industry’s leading research providers who works continuously to meet the ever-growing demand for market research reports throughout the year.Contact Us:Carl Allison (Head of Business Development)Tiensestraat 32/0302 3000 Leuven  Belgium.Market Reportsphone: +44 141 628 5998Email: sales@marketreports.infoWebsite: www.marketreports.info,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.42,0.18,0.4,True,English,"['Student RFID Tracking Systems Market', 'Major Technology Giants', 'Guam Buildup News', 'Buzz', 'Student RFID Tracking Systems study Card Tec', 'The Student RFID Tracking Systems market methodologies', 'The Global Student RFID Tracking Systems Market', 'The Student RFID Tracking Systems research process', 'Global Student RFID Tracking Systems Industry', 'The Student RFID Tracking Systems report', 'entire Student RFID Tracking Systems market', 'A Student RFID Tracking Systems report', 'Student RFID Tracking Systems industries', 'depth Student RFID Tracking Systems', 'SàvantData System LLC', 'Magnasoft Consulting India Pvt.', 'global market research', 'Coresonant Systems Pvt.', 'maximum market share', 'leading market influencers', 'market research reports', 'consulting service provider', 'Sample instant Report', 'Other major attributes', 'focus group analysis', 'precise data analysis', 'competitive, key players', 'GAO RFID', 'demand forecasting services', 'region Research Methodology', 'proficient data analysts', 'advanced study', 'market revenue', 'Complete Report', 'secondary research', 'other services', 'leading players', 'strong focus', 'annual reports', 'primary research', 'maximum growth', 'detailed explanation', 'different applications', 'different end-user', 'strong base', 'different segments', 'forecast period', 'forecast years', 'product revenues', 'product categories', 'many developments', 'solid hold', 'forthcoming period', 'Child Safety', 'Datalogic SpA', 'Pulse Seventeen', 'Seon Design', 'ApplicationK-12Higher Education', 'different aspects', 'Latin America', 'North America', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'thorough strategies', 'significant predictions', 'review period', 'secondary method', 'direct peek', 'supply connection', 'secondary approaches', 'SEC filings', 'white papers', 'insightful understanding', 'comprehensive view', 'many parameters', 'volume trends', 'pricing structure', 'assessment period', 'wide range', 'business solutions', 'data collection', 'growth trajectory', 'growth factors', 'Marketreports.info', 'Student-RFID-Tracking-Systems Segmentation', 'overview', 'plenty', 'definition', 'product/service', 'information', 'addition', 'partners', 'sales', 'products', 'traction', 'manner', 'effectiveness', 'picture', 'Clearstream', 'DominateRIFD', 'Northstar', 'TypeTagsReadersMiddlewareBy', 'basis', 'goal', 'insights', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'roots', 'attempt', 'interviews', 'tour', 'sources', 'intent', 'inputs', 'edge', 'peers', 'Discount', 'Ballpark', 'Drivers', 'Constraints', 'incidence', 'funding', 'value', 'future', 'various', 'restraints', 'opportunities', 'suggestions', 'clients']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,guambuildupnews.com
4471,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.finews.com/news/english-news/51365-crypto-finance-nabs-seba-expert,Crypto Finance Nabs Seba Expert,1 day ago,The Switzerland-based fintech  which belongs to the owner of the German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse Group  is hiring an expert from a competitor.Crypto Finance is hiring Stefan Schwitter to head its asset management arm  effective immediately  it said in an emailed statement Monday.As the head of Crypto Finance Asset Management  which is a Finma-regulated subsidiary of Crypto Finance  Schwitter will be responsible for the product range and distribution channels and will expand the team  the statement said.Schwitter joins from SEBA Bank  where he ran the investment solutions business. He succeeds Bernadette Leuzinger  who was in the role since 2020.,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.9,0.09,True,English,"['Crypto Finance Nabs Seba Expert', 'Crypto Finance Asset Management', 'asset management arm', 'German stock exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'investment solutions business', 'Switzerland-based fintech', 'Finma-regulated subsidiary', 'product range', 'distribution channels', 'SEBA Bank', 'Bernadette Leuzinger', 'Stefan Schwitter', 'The', 'owner', 'expert', 'competitor', 'statement', 'head', 'team', 'role']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finews.com
4472,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/invesco-launches-synthetic-large-and-mid-cap-china-etfs/,Invesco launches synthetic large and mid-cap China ETFs,1 day ago,Invesco launches synthetic large and mid-cap China ETFsInvesco has launched two synthetic China ETFs tracking large and mid-cap A-Shares companies.The Invesco S&P 500 China A 300 Swap UCITS ETF (C300) and the Invesco S&P China A MidCap 500 Swap UCITS ETF (C500) are listed on the London Stock Exchange  Deutsche Boerse  Borsa Italiana and SIX Swiss Exchange with a total exchange ratio (TER) of 0.35%.C300 tracks the S&P index that comprises 300 of the largest stocks on the A-Shares market while C500 tracks the next largest 500.Both will track companies incorporated in mainland China and traded in Renminbi on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges  excluding companies on the Office of Foreign Assets Control Sanctions list.Synthetic ETFs engage in swap contracts with counterparties  usually investment banks  that are required to deliver the return of the index minus fees.Invesco said the advantages of synthetic ETFs is they can provide “more consistent” tracking of the index return.Christopher Mellor  head of EMEA equity and commodity ETF product management at Invesco  said: “The dynamic of China’s onshore equity market can offer a structural advantage for synthetic replication.“Quant desks and hedge funds running market-neutral strategies do not have access to traditional methods for hedging the market risk  so they often use index derivatives written by banks.“The ETFs may sometimes benefit from favourable conditions in the swap markets  although the potential outperformance of the index will fluctuate and is not guaranteed.”Gary Buxton  head of EMEA ETFs and index strategies at Invesco  added: “China already boasts the second-largest equity market in the world  and it is increasingly diverse. The ETFs aim to provide investors an opportunity to be more precise with their exposure.“For example  if they wish to focus on companies driven by domestic consumption  they are more likely to find them in the mid-cap space  whereas larger companies tend to have more international exposure.”It is the latest launch by the US giant offering exposure to China after it unveiled the Invesco China All Shares Stock Connect UCITS ETF (MCHN) and the Invesco China Technology All Shares Stock Connect UCITS ETF (MCHT) last year.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.03,0.18,0.79,True,English,"['mid-cap China ETFs', 'synthetic large', 'Invesco', 'The Invesco S&P 500 China A 300 Swap UCITS ETF', 'Invesco China All Shares Stock Connect UCITS ETF', 'Foreign Assets Control Sanctions list', 'MidCap 500 Swap UCITS ETF', 'commodity ETF product management', 'Invesco S&P China', 'S&P index', 'two synthetic China ETFs', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Shenzhen stock exchanges', 'Invesco China Technology', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'total exchange ratio', 'mid-cap China ETFs', 'onshore equity market', 'second-largest equity market', 'mid-cap A-Shares companies', 'The ETFs', 'swap contracts', 'swap markets', 'mainland China', 'A-Shares market', 'Synthetic ETFs', 'EMEA equity', 'mid-cap space', 'market risk', 'synthetic replication', 'EMEA ETFs', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Borsa Italiana', 'largest stocks', 'minus fees', 'consistent” tracking', 'Christopher Mellor', 'structural advantage', 'Quant desks', 'hedge funds', 'market-neutral strategies', 'traditional methods', 'favourable conditions', 'potential outperformance', 'Gary Buxton', 'domestic consumption', 'latest launch', 'US giant', 'Related articles', 'synthetic large', 'index derivatives', 'index strategies', 'larger companies', 'investment banks', 'index return', 'international exposure', 'C500', 'C300', 'Renminbi', 'Shanghai', 'Office', 'counterparties', 'advantages', 'head', 'dynamic', 'access', 'world', 'investors', 'opportunity', 'example', 'MCHN', 'MCHT', '0.']",2022-09-05,2022-05-10,etfstream.com
4474,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etftrends.com/dividend-channel/dividend-growth-is-strong-despite-rising-rates-and-inflation/,Dividend Growth is Strong Despite Rising Rates and Inflation,1 day ago,Dividend ETFs are highly attractive in the current environment  offering investors generous yields and resiliency amid inflation and periods of rising rates.To combat decades-high inflation  the Federal Reserve last week ordered the largest interest hike in more than two decades  when the central bank raised its benchmark rate by a half-a-percentage point  following a quarter-point increase in March.Looking at the nine-year record for all global equity income and global large-cap core ETFs and open-end funds  sorted by the nine-year Sharpe ratio  the SmartETFs Dividend Builder ETF (DIVS)  managed by Guinness Atkinson Asset Management  sits at the top of the pack.DIVS invests globally in high-quality dividend growers with a long history of persistently high returns on capital. Looking under the hood of DIVS can unveil a lot about the quality of the fund’s holdings and its ability to stand up to rising interest rates.So far  in 2022  DIVs has had dividend updates from 17 of its 35 holdings  and despite the challenging current economic climate  zero companies have announced dividend cuts or cancellations  according to SmartETFs.15 companies have announced increases for their 2022 dividend from 2021 and two companies have announced a flat dividend compared to 2021  according to SmartETFs. This dividend growth elaborates on past momentum  having seen zero cancellations in 2021 and 2020.So far  in the fund  the average dividend growth announced for 2022 stands at 7.9%  according to SmartETFs.The financial holdings in DIVS have declared the largest year-on-year dividend increases. Aflac is to grow its dividend by 21.2% for 2022  following the 17.9% growth in 2021. Blackrock is to grow its dividend by 18.2% for 2022  following the 13.8% growth in 2021. CME Group is to grow its dividend by 11.1% for 2022  following the 5.9% growth in 2021. Deutsche Boerse is to grow its dividend by 6.7% for 2022  following the 3.4% growth in 2021. Arthur Gallagher is to grow its dividend by 6.3% for 2022  following the 6.7% growth in 2021  according to SmartETFs.The two companies included in DIVS that announced a flat dividend for 2022 — Henkel and Danone — cited cautiousness as reasons for capital preservation amid both their respective restructuring efforts to achieve higher growth. Both companies continue to have strong balance sheets and low leverage  and the management team behind DIVS believes they can continue growing their dividend in the future.For more news  information  and strategy  visit the Dividend Channel.,neutral,0.35,0.53,0.13,mixed,0.2,0.34,0.46,True,English,"['Dividend Growth', 'Rising Rates', 'Inflation', 'Guinness Atkinson Asset Management', 'challenging current economic climate', 'global large-cap core ETFs', 'SmartETFs Dividend Builder ETF', 'global equity income', 'largest interest hike', 'respective restructuring efforts', 'strong balance sheets', 'nine-year Sharpe ratio', 'rising interest rates', 'high-quality dividend growers', 'average dividend growth', 'current environment', 'rising rates', 'management team', 'Dividend ETFs', 'nine-year record', 'generous yields', 'Federal Reserve', 'two decades', 'central bank', 'benchmark rate', 'half-a-percentage point', 'quarter-point increase', 'open-end funds', 'long history', 'high returns', 'past momentum', 'CME Group', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Arthur Gallagher', 'low leverage', 'dividend updates', 'dividend cuts', 'flat dividend', 'Dividend Channel', 'zero companies', 'two companies', 'decades-high inflation', 'zero cancellations', 'capital preservation', 'higher growth', 'financial holdings', 'dividend increases', '2022 dividend', '15 companies', '17.9% growth', '13.8% growth', '5.9% growth', '3.4% growth', '6.7% growth', '35 holdings', 'investors', 'resiliency', 'periods', 'March', 'DIVS', 'top', 'pack', 'hood', 'lot', 'ability', 'Aflac', 'Blackrock', 'Henkel', 'Danone', 'cautiousness', 'reasons', 'future', 'news', 'information', 'strategy', '21.']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,etftrends.com
4476,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,MarketsWiki Page of the Day: AirCarbon  a Singapore carbon exchange  is teaming up with Deutsche Boerse to launch f… https://t.co/QGj3qwhylc,nan,MarketsWiki Page of the Day: AirCarbon  a Singapore carbon exchange  is teaming up with Deutsche Boerse to launch f… https://t.co/QGj3qwhylc,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Singapore carbon exchange', 'MarketsWiki Page', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Day', 'AirCarbon', 'QGj3qwhylc', 'Singapore carbon exchange', 'MarketsWiki Page', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Day', 'AirCarbon', 'QGj3qwhylc']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,Unknown
4477,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quantum-genomics-announces-end-patient-160000052.html,Quantum Genomics Announces the End of Patient Recruitment for its Phase III Pivotal Study FRESH,PARIS  May 09  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Quantum Genomics (Euronext Growth – FR0011648971 – ALQGC)  a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the...,"Quantum GenomicsPARIS  May 09  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Quantum Genomics (Euronext Growth – FR0011648971 – ALQGC)  a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of a new drug class directly targeting the brain to treat hypertension and heart failure  announces today that it has recruited all planned patients in its phase III pivotal study FRESH  which aims to evaluate firibastat’s efficacy in the treatment of difficult-to-treat1 and resistant2 hypertension.""We’re delighted to have completed recruitment in this study  which is the first step in our phase III program on difficult-to-treat and resistant hypertension  despite the challenges posed by the health crisis "" Jean-Philippe Milon  CEO of Quantum Genomics  announced.Eligible patients with difficult-to-treat or resistant hypertension have been randomized in 69 hospitals across Europe (France  Germany  Poland  Spain  Hungary  Bulgaria and Czechia)  Canada  the United States and Latin America (Brazil and Mexico).According to the study’s protocol  patients received  in addition to their current treatment including at least two classes of antihypertensives  firibastat at the dose of 500 mg BID3 or a placebo for three months. The study’s primary endpoint is the reduction in AOBP4 measurements after three months of treatment compared to baseline values at randomization. Its secondary endpoints include ambulatory blood pressure measurements  the percentage of patients at target blood pressure and blood concentrations of several biomarkers.No treatment-related serious adverse event has yet been reported. The prevalence of allergic skin reactions is consistent with that observed in the NEW-HOPE study. The trial has been overseen by an independent data monitoring committee (IDMC) that has consistently recommended continuing it with the protocol unchanged at every evaluation.With the last visit of the last included patient coming after three months of treatment and a month of post-treatment follow-up  the initial results of the phase III pivotal study FRESH are expected in late October 2022 for presentation at the American Heart Association (AHA) congress in Chicago from November 5 to 7  2022.Story continuesREFRESH  the second phase III long-term efficacy and safety pivotal study with the once-a-day formulation of firibastat and necessary for registering the product  is continuing normally  providing confirmation that the marketing authorization application will be submitted in the third quarter of 2023.____________________1 Uncontrolled patients despite two classes of antihypertensives  including one diuretic  at the maximum tolerated doses2 Uncontrolled patients despite at least three classes of antihypertensives  including one diuretic  at the maximum tolerated doses3 BID: Bis in Die (twice daily)4 AOBP: Automatic Office Blood PressureAbout Quantum GenomicsQuantum Genomics is a biopharmaceutical company specializing in the development of a new class of cardiovascular drugs  based on the Brain Aminopeptidase A Inhibition (BAPAI) mechanism. It is the only company in the world to pursue this innovative approach directly targeting the brain  founded upon more than twenty years of research work by Paris-Descartes University and the INSERM/CNRS laboratory led by Dr. Catherine Llorens-Cortès at the Collège de France. Quantum Genomics thus aims to develop innovative treatments for complicated or even resistant hypertension (in approximately 30% of patients it is poorly controlled  or treatment failure occurs)  and heart failure (one in two patients diagnosed dies within five years).Based in Paris  the company is listed on the Euronext Growth market in Paris (FR0011648971 – ALQGC) and is registered on the US OTCQX market (symbol: QNNTF).Find out more at www.quantum-genomics.com  or on our Twitter and LinkedIn accounts.ContactsQuantum Genomics contact@quantum-genomics.comEdifice Communication (EUROPE) Financial and media communicationquantum-genomics@edifice-communication.com LifeSci (USA) Mike TattoryMedia communication+1 (646) 751-4362 – mtattory@lifescipublicrelations.com",neutral,0.03,0.89,0.08,mixed,0.18,0.15,0.67,True,English,"['Phase III Pivotal Study', 'Quantum Genomics', 'Patient Recruitment', 'End', 'FRESH', 'second phase III long-term efficacy', 'treatment-related serious adverse event', 'independent data monitoring committee', 'Dr. Catherine Llorens-Cortès', 'Automatic Office Blood Pressure', 'Brain Aminopeptidase A Inhibition', 'phase III pivotal study', 'ambulatory blood pressure measurements', 'phase III program', 'target blood pressure', 'allergic skin reactions', 'marketing authorization application', 'Collège de', 'US OTCQX market', 'safety pivotal study', 'American Heart Association', 'new drug class', 'Euronext Growth market', 'maximum tolerated doses', 'media communication quantum', 'blood concentrations', 'AOBP4 measurements', 'new class', 'heart failure', 'Edifice Communication', 'NEW-HOPE study', 'Quantum Genomics', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'first step', 'health crisis', 'Jean-Philippe Milon', 'United States', 'Latin America', 'two classes', '500 mg BID3', 'three months', 'primary endpoint', 'baseline values', 'secondary endpoints', 'several biomarkers', 'post-treatment follow-up', 'initial results', 'late October', 'AHA) congress', 'day formulation', 'third quarter', 'one diuretic', 'three classes', 'cardiovascular drugs', 'BAPAI) mechanism', 'innovative approach', 'twenty years', 'research work', 'Paris-Descartes University', 'INSERM/CNRS laboratory', 'innovative treatments', 'five years', 'LinkedIn accounts', 'Mike Tattory', 'resistant2 hypertension', 'resistant hypertension', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'Eligible patients', 'last visit', '1 Uncontrolled patients', '2 Uncontrolled patients', 'two patients', 'current treatment', 'treatment failure', 'ALQGC', 'development', 'FRESH', 'firibastat', 'treat1', 'recruitment', 'difficult', 'challenges', 'CEO', '69 hospitals', 'Europe', 'France', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'Spain', 'Hungary', 'Bulgaria', 'Czechia', 'Canada', 'Brazil', 'Mexico', 'protocol', 'addition', 'antihypertensives', 'placebo', 'reduction', 'randomization', 'percentage', 'prevalence', 'trial', 'IDMC', 'evaluation', 'presentation', 'Chicago', 'November', 'Story', 'product', 'confirmation', '3 BID', 'Die', '4 AOBP', 'world', 'complicated', 'symbol', 'QNNTF', 'quantum-genomics', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'Financial', 'edifice-communication', 'LifeSci', 'USA', 'mtattory']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4478,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/arcadis-partners-wallbox-130-000-050000512.html,Arcadis partners with Wallbox on new 130 000 sq ft electric vehicle charger manufacturing facility in U.S. state of Texas,09 May  2022 – Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD) has been selected to manage the design and development program for Wallbox’s new electric vehicle (EV) charger...,Arcadis N.V.09 May  2022 – Arcadis (EURONEXT: ARCAD) has been selected to manage the design and development program for Wallbox’s new electric vehicle (EV) charger manufacturing facility in Arlington  Texas  in the U.S. After a collaborative design process  Wallbox began construction of the 130 000 square foot facility in April.The plant will go into production in Q3 and is expected to produce 250 000 units in 2022. By 2025  the facility is expected to produce over 500 000 units annually. Wallbox’s chargers are compatible with all electric vehicles  making the new facility conducive to EV growth in the U.S. In addition to manufacturing  the site will also feature offices  labs  evaluation areas and a warehouse  and is expected to create 250 high-paying green jobs in the region.Ketan Maroo  vice president of industrial infrastructure at Arcadis  said: “Charging infrastructure and manufacturing are critical to supporting EV adoption. EV adoption is essential in reducing greenhouse gas emissions and mitigating the effects of climate change. Our team is proud to play a part in driving sustainable mobility forward.”Mark Cowlard  Global President of Places at Arcadis  added  “Although EV technology is relatively new  at Arcadis we have decades of experience in delivering large-scale manufacturing facilities  particularly for the automotive industry  and understanding the procedural and physical requirements of working with clients in this space give us a solid foundation of knowledge on which to build. EVs will soon be a fixture of everyday life and creating the facilities to help accelerate adoption and implementation all around the world will be crucial when it comes to addressing concerns around long-term carbon emissions.”To deliver the project successfully  Arcadis has factored critical sensitivities such as humidity control and dust mitigation into the factory’s design. The team has also identified plans for installing future solar panels and for sourcing recyclable furniture  to reduce the plant’s overall carbon footprint.Story continuesPablo Moleira  project manager for Wallbox  said: “Arcadis has worked alongside our team from the earliest stages of this project  and together we have been able to bring this project to life on an accelerated schedule for maximum impact. North America needs electric vehicle chargers  and we are thrilled to be able to help accelerate the transition by making EV charging easier and more accessible.”- End-FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT:ARCADIS CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONSKerri MooreE-mail : kerri.moore@arcadis.comARCADIS INVESTOR RELATIONSChristine DischMobile: +31 6 15376020E-mail: christine.disch@arcadis.comABOUT ARCADISArcadis is the leading global design & consultancy organization for natural and built assets. We maximize impact for our clients and the communities they serve by providing effective solutions through sustainable outcomes  focus and scale  and digitalization. We are 29 000 people  active in more than 70 countries that generate €3.4 billion in revenues. We support UN-Habitat with knowledge and expertise to improve the quality of life in rapidly growing cities around the world. www.arcadis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.63,0.34,0.03,True,English,"['new 130,000 sq ft electric vehicle charger manufacturing facility', 'U.S. state', 'Arcadis partners', 'Wallbox', 'Texas', 'new electric vehicle (EV) charger manufacturing facility', 'FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT', 'electric vehicle chargers', '130,000 square foot facility', '250 high-paying green jobs', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'long-term carbon emissions', 'future solar panels', 'overall carbon footprint', 'collaborative design process', 'large-scale manufacturing facilities', 'new facility', 'leading global design', 'Arcadis N.V.', 'ARCADIS CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS', 'ARCADIS INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'electric vehicles', 'EV growth', 'EV technology', 'EV charging', 'EV adoption', 'Global President', 'development program', 'U.S.', 'evaluation areas', 'Ketan Maroo', 'vice president', 'industrial infrastructure', 'Charging infrastructure', 'climate change', 'sustainable mobility', 'Mark Cowlard', 'automotive industry', 'physical requirements', 'solid foundation', 'critical sensitivities', 'humidity control', 'dust mitigation', 'recyclable furniture', 'Pablo Moleira', 'earliest stages', 'accelerated schedule', 'North America', 'consultancy organization', 'built assets', 'effective solutions', 'sustainable outcomes', 'growing cities', 'maximum impact', 'everyday life', 'project manager', 'Kerri Moore', 'Christine Disch', '09 May', 'EURONEXT', 'Wallbox', 'Arlington', 'Texas', 'construction', 'April', 'plant', 'production', 'Q3', '250,000 units', '500,000 units', 'addition', 'site', 'offices', 'labs', 'warehouse', 'region', 'effects', 'team', 'part', 'Places', 'decades', 'experience', 'procedural', 'clients', 'space', 'knowledge', 'EVs', 'fixture', 'implementation', 'world', 'concerns', 'factory', 'plans', 'Story', 'transition', 'mail', 'ABOUT', 'natural', 'communities', 'focus', 'digitalization', '29,000 people', '70 countries', 'revenues', 'UN-Habitat', 'expertise', 'quality', 'rapidly', 'Attachment']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4479,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-094100551.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q1 2022,On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex...,LONDON  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2022. The record date is 3 May 2022. Payment of the dividend will take place from 26 May 2022.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 26 May 2022.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 26 May 2022.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $10.27  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 93.4 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume‑weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 2 May to 6 May 2022.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Story continuesTetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q1-2022-301542421.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q1', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'volume‑weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'real estate cycles', 'dividend currency election', 'dividend share election', 'investment objective', 'United Kingdom', 'trading prices', 'single period', '93.4 dividend rights', 'first quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'voting shares', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'Prosek Partners', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'Cash dividends', 'May', 'PRNewswire', '27 April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'Payment', 'place', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'lieu', 'brochure', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'Story', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country', 'Cision']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4480,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509005325/en/ONWARD-Announces-First-Patient-Enrollment-in-HemON-Study-and-First-in-Human-Use-of-its-ARCIM-Implantable-Neurostimulator,ONWARD Announces First Patient Enrollment in HemON Study and First-in-Human Use of its ARCIM Implantable Neurostimulator,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  toda…,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands & LAUSANNE  Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury (SCI)  today announces the first patient enrollment in the HemON Study and first-in-human use of the Company’s ARCIM implantable pulse generator (IPG)  designed to stimulate the spinal cord to restore movement and autonomic function for people with spinal cord injury and other conditions that affect mobility.“ONWARD’s ARCIM IPG offers surgeons precision and flexibility never before available in an implantable neurostimulator ” said Dr. Jocelyne Bloch  Chief of Functional Neurosurgery at Switzerland’s Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). “Clinicians will be able to leverage these advanced capabilities to refine and deliver epidural stimulation therapies for people with spinal cord injury.”The ONWARD ARCIM IPG was purpose-designed to deliver targeted electrical stimulation to the spinal cord in the precise areas responsible for triggering or controlling movement and autonomic functions that may be affected by a spinal cord injury or neurodegenerative disorder. The IPG is designed to operate in closed-loop  incorporating data from sensors or other devices that may be deployed inside or outside the body. It is also designed to deliver therapy through an associated ARCIM lead with precision and flexibility  allowing clinicians to apply biomimetic stimulation that can closely replicate normal spinal cord activity patterns during mobility or autonomic function.The HemON Study (NCT05111093) aims to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of ARCIM Therapy to improve blood pressure management and trunk control in people with spinal cord injury who suffer from orthostatic hypotension  which is characterized by debilitatingly low blood pressure that may occur when people sit upright  stand  or change body position. Orthostatic hypotension has been observed in approximately 75% of people with spinal cord injury. HemON will enroll up to 16 participants at CHUV in Lausanne  Switzerland.“The first implant of our ARCIM IPG is a huge milestone for ONWARD and the SCI community ” said Dave Marver  CEO of ONWARD. “This important achievement validates our vision for a future in which clinicians will no longer need to struggle with modified pain stimulators to explore new treatments and instead will be able to use devices and therapies designed specifically to treat people with spinal cord injury and their unique needs.”To learn more about ONWARD’s ARC Therapy and the company’s vision to restore movement  independence and health in people with spinal cord injury  please visit ONWD.com.THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (596/2014).About ONWARDONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARCIM) or external (ARCEX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed stimulation of the spinal cord to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life. ONWARD has received three Breakthrough Device Designations from the FDA encompassing both ARCIM and ARCEX. The company’s first FDA pivotal trial  called Up-LIFT  completed enrollment in December 2021 with 65 subjects worldwide.ONWARD is headquartered at the High Tech Campus in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains an office in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing U.S. presence in Boston  Massachusetts  USA. For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com. To access our 2022 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com.DisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.11,0.27,0.62,True,English,"['First Patient Enrollment', 'ARCIM Implantable Neurostimulator', 'HemON Study', 'Human Use', 'ONWARD', 'normal spinal cord activity patterns', 'EUROPEAN MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'three Breakthrough Device Designations', 'growing U.S. presence', 'first FDA pivotal trial', 'ARCIM implantable pulse generator', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Dr. Jocelyne Bloch', 'blood pressure management', 'low blood pressure', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'High Tech Campus', 'spinal cord injury', 'targeted electrical stimulation', 'targeted, programmed stimulation', 'first patient enrollment', 'external (ARCEX) systems', 'epidural stimulation therapies', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'medical technology company', 'The HemON Study', 'ONWARD ARCIM IPG', 'implantable neurostimulator', 'first implant', 'biomimetic stimulation', 'ARCIM lead', 'ARCIM Therapy', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'human use', 'autonomic function', 'other conditions', 'Functional Neurosurgery', 'advanced capabilities', 'precise areas', 'neurodegenerative disorder', 'preliminary efficacy', 'trunk control', 'orthostatic hypotension', 'to 16 participants', 'huge milestone', 'Dave Marver', 'important achievement', 'pain stimulators', 'new treatments', 'unique needs', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'a decade', 'basic science', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'additional information', '2022 Financial Calendar', 'current expectations', 'financial effects', 'The IPG', 'ARC Therapy', 'forward-looking statements', 'surgeons precision', 'other devices', 'body position', 'SCI community', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'mobility', 'flexibility', 'Chief', 'CHUV', 'Clinicians', 'closed-loop', 'data', 'sensors', 'safety', 'CEO', 'vision', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'December', '65 subjects', 'office', 'Boston', 'Massachusetts', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4481,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-announces-top-line-results-063000823.html,Oxurion Announces Top-Line Results from Part A of Phase 2 INTEGRAL Trial Evaluating THR-687 for Treatment of Diabetic Macular Edema (DME),Trial did not demonstrate efficacy on the key clinical endpoints Oxurion to focus on its Phase 2 development program for THR-149 Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA ...,"Oxurion NVTrial did not demonstrate efficacy on the key clinical endpointsOxurion to focus on its Phase 2 development program for THR-149Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – MAY 9  2022 – 8:30 AM CET – Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR)  a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announces top-line results from Part A of its Phase 2 trial (“INTEGRAL”) of THR-687  an integrin antagonist  for the treatment of diabetic macular edema (DME). The Part A data showed THR-687 to be safe and well tolerated with no serious adverse events and none of the patients required rescue medication through Month 3  however  there was insufficient evidence of efficacy on the key endpoints (Best-Corrected Visual Acuity and Central Subfield Thickness). As a result  Oxurion has decided not to advance THR-687 to Part B of the INTEGRAL trial. The company is therefore fully focused on THR-149 which recently demonstrated a compelling safety and efficacy profile in patients with DME in the first part of the two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial. Part B of that trial is currently enrolling patients in the US and Europe.The INTEGRAL trial is a two-part  randomized  prospective  multicenter trial assessing multiple injections of THR-687 in treatment naïve DME patients. The Part A endpoints were safety (n = 16) and efficacy (n = 14)  with two dose levels of THR-687 (1.2mg and 2.0mg) each administered in three monthly IVT injections. Patients are being followed-up until month six of Part A of the trial  and we look forward to presenting the full data set at an upcoming medical conference.Arshad M. Khanani  M.D.  M.A.  Director of Clinical Research at Sierra Eye Associates  Reno  Nevada  US  comments: ""We are disappointed that the top-line results in the dose selection phase of the INTEGRAL trial did not meet the key efficacy endpoints  despite promising data in the Phase 1 trial. Novel mechanisms  like THR-687 and THR-149  remain an important opportunity to address the significant unmet medical needs for our patients with DME. Following the impressive data presented at Angiogenesis this year from the Phase 2 Part A KALAHARI trial for THR-149 in DME  I am looking forward to seeing the Part B data expected next year.""Story continuesTom Graney  CFA  Chief Executive Officer of Oxurion  comments: “While we had hoped for a better outcome for the patients in the INTEGRAL trial  we remain committed to developing new treatments to address the substantial unmet needs that remain in retinal diseases. We are excited about the potential of THR-149  a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor  to provide a novel  first-in-class therapeutic for the up to 50% of DME patients who suboptimally respond to the current standard of care and have limited treatment options. We look forward to sharing the topline results of Part B of the Phase 2 trial in mid-2023.” He added  “As we discontinue our development of THR-687  we will explore potential partnership opportunities for the asset. Additionally  we are undertaking a thorough review of our capital and resource allocation plans to ensure that they are aligned with our objective of maximizing value creation for all stakeholders.”About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For more information  please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsBeth Kurthbkurth@conwaycommsir.comWestwicke  an ICR CompanyChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.22,0.25,0.53,True,English,"['Diabetic Macular Edema', 'Top-Line Results', 'Part A', '2 INTEGRAL Trial', 'Oxurion', 'Phase', 'THR-687', 'Treatment', 'DME', 'two-part, randomized, prospective, multicenter trial', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'treatment naïve DME patients', 'Phase 2 Part A KALAHARI trial', 'three monthly IVT injections', 'significant unmet medical needs', 'two-part Phase 2 KALAHARI trial', 'substantial unmet needs', 'upcoming medical conference', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Best-Corrected Visual Acuity', 'Central Subfield Thickness', 'two dose levels', 'Sierra Eye Associates', 'dose selection phase', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'resource allocation plans', 'next generation standard', 'serious adverse events', 'Arshad M. Khanani', 'potential partnership opportunities', 'full data set', 'key clinical endpoints', 'Part A endpoints', 'Phase 2 development program', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'clinical stage assets', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'potential new standard', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'key efficacy endpoints', 'Part B data', 'key endpoints', 'Phase 2 trial', 'Phase 1 trial', 'M.A.', 'multiple injections', 'current standard', 'Clinical Research', 'future events', 'INTEGRAL trial', 'M.D.', 'new treatments', 'new information', 'first part', 'retinal diseases', 'promising data', 'impressive data', '8:30 AM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'top-line results', 'integrin antagonist', 'insufficient evidence', 'important opportunity', 'Tom Graney', 'class therapeutic', 'treatment options', 'topline results', 'thorough review', 'value creation', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'Novel mechanisms', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'efficacy profile', 'compelling safety', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Oxurion NV', 'The Company', 'THR-149 Leuven', 'DME.', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'MAY', 'THR-687', 'none', 'rescue', 'medication', 'Europe', '2.0mg', 'Director', 'Reno', 'Nevada', 'Angiogenesis', 'Story', 'CFA', 'outcome', 'mid-20', 'capital', 'objective', 'stakeholders', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'business', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'securities', 'jurisdiction']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4482,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jde-peet-executes-eur-500-063000077.html,JDE Peet’s executes EUR 500 million share buyback,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  9 May 2022 Key highlights EUR 500 million worth of ordinary shares repurchased at the closing price on 6 May 2022Board approved the...,"JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  9 May 2022Key highlightsEUR 500 million worth of ordinary shares repurchased at the closing price on 6 May 2022Board approved the repurchase at an attractive price to the company and all stakeholdersJDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced it executed a share repurchase for a total amount of EUR 500 million. The shares were purchased from its shareholder Mondelez International Holdings Netherlands B.V. (""MDLZ"") at a price per share equal to the market closing price on Friday 6 May 2022.In highlighting the clear benefits of the transaction to the company and its stakeholders  including its shareholders  Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s said: “This represents a unique opportunity to increase the free float percentage and improve our earnings per share at a very attractive price to the company. The Board (excluding the MDLZ nominees) carefully evaluated the transaction and concluded that it is in the best interests of the company and all its stakeholders.”The transaction reflects the Board’s confidence in the future of the company. Olivier Goudet  Chairman of the Board of Directors  stated that “it was appropriate for the company to now take advantage of a great investment opportunity whilst the company enjoys the financial flexibility to give effect to this important transaction.”# # #This press release contains information within the meaning of article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.EnquiriesMediaKhaled Rabbani+31 20 558 1753Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6159 44569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 500 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2021  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 7 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 19 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.JDEPeets.com.Story continuesAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,mixed,0.67,0.12,0.21,True,English,"['500 million share buyback', 'JDE Peet', 'EUR', 'Mondelez International Holdings Netherlands B.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'EUR 500 million worth', 'free float percentage', 'great investment opportunity', 'market closing price', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'N.V.', 'unique opportunity', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Key highlights', 'attractive price', 'total amount', 'clear benefits', 'Fabien Simon', 'best interests', 'Olivier Goudet', 'financial flexibility', 'Khaled Rabbani', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'ordinary shares', 'MDLZ nominees', 'Enquiries Media', 'Friday 6 May', 'The Board', 'important transaction', 'share repurchase', 'tea company', '9 May', 'Amsterdam', 'stakeholders', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'shareholder', 'CEO', 'earnings', 'confidence', 'future', 'Chairman', 'Directors', 'advantage', 'effect', 'information', 'meaning', 'article', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,500 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '19,000 employees', 'journey', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4483,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-175500202.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Maranello (Italy)  May 9  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  May 9  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche of the common share buyback program announced on March 3  2022 (“Sixth Tranche”)  additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)02/05/2022 EXM 9 167 199.2871 1 826 865.25 04/05/2022 EXM 20 800 195.7968 4 072 572.75 05/05/2022 EXM 4 721 194.8128 919 711.15 06/05/2022 EXM 62 633 187.2048 11 725 195.30Total- 97 321 190.5482 18 544 344.45(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of the Sixth Tranche of the buyback program dated March 3  2022 till May 6  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 80 515 495.25 for No. 420 639 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 9 990 538.84 (Euro 9 133 362.89*) for No. 52 571 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of May 6  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 10 901 415 common shares equal to 4.24% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since January 1  2019 until May 6  2022  the Company has purchased a total of 5 781 697 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  excluding transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 893 069 424.69.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'common share buyback program', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', 'Buyback Programs section', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 420,639 common shares', 'No. 52,571 common shares', 'Stock Exchange', '10,901,415 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', 'sixth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'March', 'Number', 'fees', '22 EXM', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'May', 'January', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '5,78', '697']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4484,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nykode-therapeutics-announces-positive-interim-044500066.html,Nykode Therapeutics announces positive interim results from its Phase 2 trial with VB10.16 in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitor atezolizumab in advanced cervical cancer,VB10.16 in combination with atezolizumab demonstrated an ORR of 21%  including 2 CRs and 6 PRs  in a heavily pre-treated population of patients with HPV16...,"Nykode TherapeuticsVB10.16 in combination with atezolizumab demonstrated an ORR of 21%  including 2 CRs and 6 PRs  in a heavily pre-treated population of patients with HPV16-positive advanced cervical cancerVB10.16 in combination with atezolizumab demonstrated a very high DCR of 64%Anti-tumor activity of VB10.16 in combination with atezolizumab was observed both in PD-L1 positive patients (ORR of 27%; DCR of 77%) and PD-L1 negative patients (ORR of 17%; DCR of 58%)Management to host webcast presentation of the interim results today  May 9  2022 at 2 p.m. CET / 8 a.m. ETOSLO  Norway  May 09  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Nykode Therapeutics AS (Euronext Growth (Oslo): NYKD)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and development of vaccines and novel immunotherapies  today announced positive interim results from its Phase 2 VB C-02 trial of VB10.16  its wholly-owned therapeutic cancer vaccine  in combination with the PD-L1 inhibitor atezolizumab in patients with HPV16-positive advanced cervical cancer. Interim results from 39 patients with a median follow up of 6 months show an ORR of 21%—including two patients who achieved a complete response and six who achieved a partial response—and a very high disease control rate of 64%. The trial enrolled a heavily pre-treated patient population with more than two thirds of the patients having received at least two previous systemic lines of treatment.Interestingly  anti-tumor activity was observed in both PD-L1 positive (ORR of 27% and DCR of 77%) and PD-L1 negative patients (ORR of 17% and DCR of 58%) indicating a potential clinical benefit also in the PD-L1 negative population. In addition  a DCR of 71% was observed in patients with non-inflamed tumors  including both immune desert and T cell excluded tumors. Together these findings suggest a differentiated anti-tumor response pattern of the combination treatment compared to checkpoint inhibitor monotherapy.“We are thrilled to report these positive interim safety and efficacy results from our Phase 2 trial with VB10.16  which showed evidence of durable anti-tumor activity in a heavily pre-treated population of patients with late-stage cervical cancer ” said Michael Engsig  Chief Executive Officer of Nykode Therapeutics. “These interim results support Nykode’s unique approach of targeting Antigen-Presenting Cells (APCs)  designed to produce a robust and long-lasting CD8 killer T cell response against cancer cells. We look forward to reporting updated efficacy data readouts from the Phase 2 trial during the first half of 2023 as we continue to advance our cervical cancer program.”Story continuesImmunological analyses of the peripheral T cell responses demonstrated an increased HPV16-specific IFNγ T cell immune response post-vaccination in the majority of subjects and were associated with clinical efficacy indicating the induction of clinically relevant T cell responses. Clearance of circulating HPV16 DNA was significantly correlated with clinical response and progression free survival suggesting ctDNA may be an early marker of response to treatment in cervical cancer. VB10.16 is potentially a first-in-class therapeutic vaccine against HPV16 positive cervical cancer.""The patients who were treated with VB10.16 in combination with atezolizumab in the C-02 trial were heavily pre-treated and are prone to progress quickly ” said Professor Peter Hillemanns  Director of the Departments of Gynecology  Obstetrics and Breast Cancer at Hannover University Hospital  Germany and principal investigator of the C-02 trial. “It is very encouraging to see that a majority of patients experienced a clinical benefit and that many patients had durable responses. The combination of VB10.16 and atezolizumab was also well tolerated by patients.”“Treatment advances within the area of advanced cervical cancer have been limited though checkpoint inhibitors have demonstrated clinical efficacy in some patients. The unmet need is still high  and we are very pleased to see a high disease control rate and durable responses in these heavily pre-treated HPV16+ cervical cancer patients. The anti-tumor activity seen in both non-inflamed and PD-L1 negative populations may potentially open up a new subset of patients for treatment. These findings indicate that VB10.16 may give a meaningful added clinical benefit compared to the existing standard of care treatment in this setting. We would like to thank all the investigators  patients and their relatives for participating in this trial. Without all of you the advances of VB10.16 would not have been possible ” added Siri Torhaug  Chief Medical Officer of Nykode Therapeutics.VB10.16 was generally safe and well tolerated  with 10% of patients experiencing Grade 3 or more treatment-related adverse events  indicating no increased toxicity compared with atezolizumab monotherapy and a favorable safety profile that is consistent with previously published data for the Nykode DNA vaccine technology platform.Nykode expects to report updated efficacy data read-outs from VB C-02 during the first half of 2023.WebcastInvestors and analysts are invited to join a webcast presentation of the interim results conducted by CEO Michael Engsig and other members of the management team today  May 9  2022 at 2 p.m. CET / 8 a.m. ET. The slide presentation will be available in the Investors section of the Company’s website at https://nykode.com/investors following the event. The live and archived webcast of the presentation can be accessed in the Investors section of the Company’s website at https://nykode.com/investors/financial-reports-and-presentations.About the VB C-02 trialVB C-02 is a multi-center  single arm  open-label Phase 2 trial of patients with advanced or recurrent  non-resectable HPV16-positive cervical cancer. Patients received treatment with VB10.16 in combination with the PD-L1 inhibitor atezolizumab for up to one year. The main aim of the trial was to assess the efficacy  immunogenicity and safety of VB10.16 when given in combination with atezolizumab. The trial is now fully enrolled with 52 patients enrolled at sites in Europe  and the pre-planned second interim analysis was performed at the cut-off date of 14 February 2022. Nykode has previously reported positive interim safety data from the trial.Additional information about the VB C-02 trial is available at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT04405349).About VB10.16VB10.16 is a potentially first-in-class off-the-shelf therapeutic cancer vaccine candidate in development for the treatment of human papillomavirus type 16 (HPV16)-positive cancers. The cancer vaccine is designed based on Nykode’s Vaccibody™ technology platform of targeting antigens to antigen presenting cells. The candidate has demonstrated favorable clinical data in a Phase I/IIa study in pre-cancerous HPV16-induced high grade cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (HSIL; CIN 2/3) demonstrating a statistically significant correlation of immune responses and clinical responses. VB10.16 is currently being investigated in the VB C-02 trial in patients with advanced or recurrent  non-resectable HPV16-positive cervical cancer.About cervical cancerCervical cancer is the fourth leading cause of cancer death in women worldwide and is most frequently diagnosed between the ages of 35 and 44. Each year around 600 000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer worldwide. Almost all cases are caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) infection and HPV16 accounts for more than half of all cervical cancer cases. Approximately 80% of patients with cervical cancer have squamous cell carcinoma (arising from cells lining the bottom of the cervix) and most other patients have adenocarcinomas (arising from glandular cells in the upper cervix). Cervical cancer is often curable when detected early and effectively managed  but treatment options are more limited in advanced disease stages or when the cancer has spread.About Nykode TherapeuticsNykode Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery and development of vaccines and novel immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer and infectious diseases. Nykode’s modular vaccine technology specifically targets antigens to Antigen Presenting Cells  which are essential for inducing rapid  strong and long-lasting antigen specific immune responses and eliciting efficacious clinical responses.Nykode’s lead product candidates are VB10.16  a therapeutic vaccine for the treatment of human papilloma virus 16 induced malignancies which is in Phase 2 for the treatment of cervical cancer; and VB10.NEO  a cancer neoantigen vaccine  which is exclusively out licensed to Genentech and is in Phase 1b for the treatment of locally advanced and metastatic tumors and Phase 1/2a for the treatment of melanoma  lung-  head and neck  renal-  and bladder cancer. Additionally  Nykode has initiated a Phase 1/2 trial in 2021 with its two next-generation COVID-19 vaccine candidates.The Company’s partnerships include Roche and Genentech within oncology  a multi-target collaboration with Regeneron within oncology and infectious diseases and a collaboration with Adaptive Biotechnologies for COVID-19 T cell vaccine development.Nykode Therapeutics’ shares are traded on Euronext Growth (Oslo)  a trading platform operated by Euronext  the leading Pan-European market infrastructure. The ticker code is NYKD. Further information about Nykode Therapeutics may be found at http://www.nykode.com.Contact for Nykode Therapeutics AS:CEO Michael EngsigNykode Therapeutics ASIR@nykode.comNykode Therapeutics ASOslo Science ParkGaustadalléen 21N-0349 Oslo  NorwayForward-looking statements for Nykode TherapeuticsThis announcement and any materials distributed in connection with this announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they reflect the company's current expectations and assumptions as to future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate. A number of material factors could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.",neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,mixed,0.55,0.23,0.22,True,English,"['immune checkpoint inhibitor atezolizumab', 'positive interim results', 'advanced cervical cancer', 'Nykode Therapeutics', 'Phase 2 trial', 'VB10.', 'combination', 'long-lasting CD8 killer T cell response', 'HPV16-specific IFNγ T cell immune response', 'Nykode DNA vaccine technology platform', 'HPV16-positive advanced cervical cancer VB', 'peripheral T cell responses', 'relevant T cell responses', 'high disease control rate', 'two previous systemic lines', 'differentiated anti-tumor response pattern', 'meaningful added clinical benefit', 'HPV16 positive cervical cancer', 'HPV16+ cervical cancer patients', 'Phase 2 VB C-02 trial', 'therapeutic cancer vaccine', 'late-stage cervical cancer', 'cervical cancer program', 'class therapeutic vaccine', 'VB C-02 durin', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'median follow up', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Professor Peter Hillemanns', 'Hannover University Hospital', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'treatment-related adverse events', 'favorable safety profile', 'PD-L1 negative populations', 'Nykode Therapeutics VB', 'positive interim safety', 'potential clinical benefit', 'checkpoint inhibitor monotherapy', 'Nykode Therapeutics AS', 'positive interim results', 'efficacy data readouts', 'PD-L1 positive patients', 'PD-L1 negative patients', 'durable anti-tumor activity', 'PD-L1 inhibitor atezolizumab', 'updated efficacy data', 'HPV16 DNA', 'immune desert', 'clinical response', 'durable responses', 'complete response', 'partial response', 'cancer cells', 'Breast Cancer', 'clinical efficacy', 'two thirds', 'Phase 2 trial', 'efficacy results', 'high DCR', 'checkpoint inhibitors', 'treated population', 'patient population', 'two patients', 'webcast presentation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'novel immunotherapies', 'Michael Engsig', 'unique approach', 'Antigen-Presenting Cells', 'first half', 'Immunological analyses', 'free survival', 'early marker', 'principal investigator', 'unmet need', 'new subset', 'existing standard', 'Siri Torhaug', 'atezolizumab monotherapy', 'many patients', 'inflamed tumors', 'Treatment advances', 'combination treatment', '39 patients', 'ORR', '2 CRs', '6 PRs', 'VB10.', 'Management', 'CET', '8 a', 'OSLO', 'Norway', 'NYKD', 'discovery', 'development', 'vaccines', '6 months', 'addition', 'findings', 'evidence', 'APCs', 'robust', 'Story', 'vaccination', 'majority', 'subjects', 'induction', 'Clearance', 'progression', 'ctDNA', 'Director', 'Departments', 'Gynecology', 'Obstetrics', 'Germany', 'area', 'care', 'setting', 'investigators', 'relatives', 'Grade 3', 'toxicity']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4485,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-gevaert-share-buyback-program-154000936.html,Agfa-Gevaert: Share buyback program – Regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – May 9  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  ...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – May 9  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase Agfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided that the 2021 Share Buyback will be extended through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of the decision of the Board of Directors on March 9  2021  the company  by notarial deed dated March 30  2022  cancelled a total of 2 299 218 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 158 207 488.On transaction date May 6  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 1 828 164 own shares  which represents 1.16% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) May 2  2022 83 000 3.8229 3.7800 3.9000 317 300.70 May 3  2022 85 200 3.9136 3.8300 3.9500 333 438.72 May 4  2022 75 216 3.9088 3.8700 3.9300 294 004.30 May 5  2022 87 300 3.9183 3.8650 3.9600 342 067.59 May 6  2022 88 800 3.8260 3.7900 3.8500 339 748.80 Total 419 516 3.8772 1 626 560.11Since the beginning of the share buyback program until May 6th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 11 371 866 own shares  representing 6.78% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesAbout AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'Regulated information', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', '2021 Share Buyback', 'total outstanding shares', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'new number', 'total number', 'Agfa-Gevaert Mortsel', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'Total price', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', '2,299,218 treasury shares', 'leading company', '1,760 million Euro', 'May 6th', 'Johan Jacobs', '50,000,000 Euro', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'March', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'April', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '1,828,164', '371,866']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4486,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stmicroelectronics-announces-status-common-share-120000832.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from May 02  2022 to May 06  2022...,STMicroelectronics N.V.STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from May 02  2022 to May 06  2022AMSTERDAM – May 9  2022 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between May 02  2022 to May 06  2022 (the “Period”)  of 249 929 ordinary shares (equal to 0.03% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 35.2961 and for an overall price of EUR 8 821 510.73.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of share purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 02-May-22 50 292 34.7475 1 747 521.27 XPAR 03-May-22 50 576 35.5795 1 799 468.79 XPAR 04-May-22 50 891 35.6753 1 815 551.69 XPAR 05-May-22 49 500 35.8538 1 774 763.10 XPAR 06-May-22 48 670 34.6046 1 684 205.88 XPAR Total for Period 249 929 35.2961 8 821 510.73Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 7 793 220 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.9% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website ( https://inves tors.st.com/buyback-program ).Story continuesAbout STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An independent device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and 5G technology. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.32,0.4,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'independent device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'overall price', 'semiconductor technologies', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'repurchase transactions', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', '5G technology', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Own Shares', '249,929 ordinary shares', '7,793,220 treasury shares', 'Total amount', 'transaction Number', 'Further information', 'ST website', 'Period Dates', 'Alexis Breton', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'May', 'AMSTERDAM', 'Company', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Weighted', 'accordance', 'Article', 'buyback-program', 'Story', '48,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'celine', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4487,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/albioma-combined-general-meeting-25-160000849.html,Albioma : Combined General Meeting of 25 May 2022 - Availability of preparatory documents,Press release Paris La Défense  9 May 2022 Combined General Meeting of 25 May 2022 Availability of preparatory documents In connection with the forthcoming...,ALBIOMAPress releaseParis La Défense  9 May 2022Combined General Meeting of 25 May 2022Availability of preparatory documentsIn connection with the forthcoming Combined General Meeting that will be held on 25 May 2022  at 3:00 pm (Paris Time)  in the Capital 8 conference center  located at 32 rue de Monceau  75008  Paris  France  Albioma announces that the preparatory documents have been made available to its shareholders. These documents may be consulted on the Company’s website:https://www.albioma.com/en/finance/shareolder-area/general-meetings-of-shareholders/Furthermore  any shareholder may:obtain free copies of these documents  upon simple written request sent either to the Company (Tour Opus 12  La Défense 9  77 esplanade du Général de Gaulle  92914 La Défense Cedex  France) or to the General Meeting coordinator (BNP Paribas Securities Services  CTS Assemblées Générales  Les Grands Moulins  9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France)  until the fifth day preceding the General Meeting; in order to exercise such a right  any holder of bearer shares must provide a registration certificate;consult these documents at the Company’s head office  during opening hours of the premises  for a period of fifteen days preceding the General Meeting.Albioma’s shareholders will be able to vote via Internet at the General Meeting of Shareholders  using the Votacess platform. Detailed information on the Internet voting procedure is available on Albioma’s website.Next on the agenda: Annual General Meeting of shareholders at 3 pm on 25 May 2022 in the auditorium of the Capital 8 Conference Centre  32 rue de Monceau  75008 Paris.About Albioma Contacts An independent renewable energy producer  Albioma is committed to the energy transition thanks to biomass and photovoltaics.Albioma operates in Overseas France  France metropolitan  Mauritius and Brazil. For 25 years  it has developed a unique partnership with the sugar industry to produce renewable energy from bagasse  the fibrous residue of sugar cane.Albioma is the leading producer of photovoltaic energy in Overseas France  where the company builds and operates innovative projects with storage  Albioma has strengthened its position in mainland France.Recently  the Group announced the acquisition of a geothermal power plant in Turkey. InvestorJulien Gauthier+33 (0)1 47 76 67 00MediaCharlotte Neuvy+33 (0)1 47 76 66 65presse@albioma.com Albioma is listed on the Euronext Paris compartment B  is eligible for the deferred settlement service (SRD)  PEA and PEA-PME plans and is included in the SBF 120 and CAC Mid 60.The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. www.albioma.comAttachmentStory continues,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'Albioma', '25 May', 'Availability', '77 esplanade du Général de Gaulle', 'CTS Assemblées Générales', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Euronext Paris compartment B', 'La Défense Cedex', 'Paris La Défense', 'forthcoming Combined General Meeting', 'independent renewable energy producer', '32 rue de Monceau', 'Capital 8 conference center', 'simple written request', 'Les Grands Moulins', 'Capital 8 Conference Centre', 'geothermal power plant', 'deferred settlement service', 'General Meeting coordinator', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Internet voting procedure', '93761 Pantin Cedex', 'leading producer', 'energy transition', 'photovoltaic energy', 'Paris Time', 'Press release', 'free copies', 'Tour Opus', 'fifth day', 'bearer shares', 'registration certificate', 'head office', 'opening hours', 'fifteen days', 'Votacess platform', 'Detailed information', 'unique partnership', 'sugar industry', 'fibrous residue', 'sugar cane', 'innovative projects', 'Julien Gauthier', 'Charlotte Neuvy', 'PEA-PME plans', 'CAC Mid', 'Gaïa-Index', 'responsible midcaps', 'Overseas France', 'France metropolitan', 'mainland France', 'The Group', 'preparatory documents', 'Albioma Contacts', '75008 Paris', '9 May', '25 May', 'Availability', 'connection', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'website', 'shareolder-area', 'order', 'right', 'premises', 'period', 'agenda', 'auditorium', 'biomass', 'photovoltaics', 'Mauritius', 'Brazil', '25 years', 'bagasse', 'storage', 'position', 'acquisition', 'Turkey', 'Investor', 'Media', 'SRD', 'SBF', 'socially', 'Attachment', 'Story', '3:00']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4488,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220508005100/en/PAMM-Foundation-Outsources-Its-Laboratory-Activities-for-Pathology-and-Medical-Microbiology-%E2%80%9CPAMM%E2%80%9D-to-Eurofins-Clinical-Diagnostics-Netherlands,PAMM Foundation Outsources Its Laboratory Activities for Pathology and Medical Microbiology (“PAMM”) to Eurofins Clinical Diagnostics Netherlands,LUXEMBOURG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurofins Scientific (EUFI.PA)  a global scientific leader in bioanalytical testing  announces that it has successfully signed an agreement with Stichting PAMM Laboratoria voor Pathologie en Medische Microbiologie (“PAMM”)  a medic…,LUXEMBOURG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurofins Scientific (EUFI.PA)  a global scientific leader in bioanalytical testing  announces that it has successfully signed an agreement with Stichting PAMM Laboratoria voor Pathologie en Medische Microbiologie (“PAMM”)  a medical microbiology and pathology laboratory diagnostics company in The Netherlands.PAMM serves 6 hospitals in The Netherlands  including 2 top-rated clinical oncology centers  general practitioners and independent treatment centers. The lab specializes in medical microbiology and pathology and was the first in The Netherlands to have implemented full digital pathology. PAMM employs over 265 employees and pathologists and will complement Eurofins’ industry-leading global clinical testing offering. Through combining forces  PAMM will be able to further improve quality to clients and service to patients in the Dutch healthcare system.The agreement includes a commitment by Eurofins to invest in the laboratory  R&D  innovation  employee development and job security. The agreement has been approved by the Dutch Healthcare authority (NZa) and The Netherlands Authority for Consumers and Markets (ACM  Merger Control).Comment from Dr. Gilles Martin  Eurofins CEO: “ We are very pleased to welcome PAMM and its team of outstanding specialists and laboratory technicians to the Eurofins Group. This agreement reinforces the Group’s broad innovative test offering to hospitals and practitioners in The Netherlands  strengthens Eurofins geographic offering in the clinical testing market  and enhances our ability to deploy the latest scientific advances to benefit patients.”About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. Eurofins is the global leader in food  environment  pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing  and in discovery pharmacology  forensics  advanced material sciences and agroscience Contract Research services. Eurofins is also a market leader in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics  and in the support of clinical studies  as well as in BioPharma Contract Development and Manufacturing. The Group also has a rapidly developing presence in highly specialised and molecular clinical diagnostic testing and in-vitro diagnostic products.With 58 000 staff across a network of 900 laboratories in 54 countries  Eurofins’ companies offer a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Eurofins Clinical Diagnostics Netherlands', 'Laboratory Activities', 'Medical Microbiology', 'PAMM Foundation', 'Pathology', 'Eurofins’ industry-leading global clinical testing offering', 'Stichting PAMM Laboratoria voor Pathologie', 'broad innovative test offering', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', '2 top-rated clinical oncology centers', 'agroscience Contract Research services', 'molecular clinical diagnostic testing', 'independent treatment centers', 'vitro diagnostic products', 'clinical testing market', 'Eurofins geographic offering', 'cosmetic product testing', 'Dutch healthcare system', 'Dutch Healthcare authority', 'Dr. Gilles Martin', 'advanced material sciences', 'BioPharma Contract Development', 'latest scientific advances', 'global scientific leader', 'laboratory diagnostics company', 'full digital pathology', 'The Netherlands Authority', 'clinical studies', 'global leader', 'bioanalytical testing', 'laboratory services', 'market leader', 'Eurofins Scientific', 'employee development', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'EUFI.PA', 'Medische Microbiologie', 'medical microbiology', 'R&D', 'job security', 'Merger Control', 'Eurofins CEO', 'outstanding specialists', 'laboratory technicians', 'discovery pharmacology', 'developing presence', 'Eurofins’ companies', '200,000 analytical methods', 'Eurofins Shares', 'The Group', 'Eurofins Group', 'general practitioners', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'agreement', '6 hospitals', '265 employees', 'pathologists', 'forces', 'quality', 'clients', 'patients', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'NZa', 'Consumers', 'Markets', 'ACM', 'Comment', 'team', 'ability', 'bio-analysis', 'Life', 'pharmaceutical', 'forensics', 'genomics', 'support', 'Manufacturing', 'specialised', '58,000 staff', 'network', '900 laboratories', '54 countries', 'portfolio']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4489,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irmagazine.com/careers/swapping-large-cap-energy-emerging-tech-qa-marcela-louzada-azerions-new-vice-president-ir,Swapping large-cap energy for emerging tech: Q&A with Marcela Louzada  Azerion's new vice president of IR - IR Magazine,Last month  Azerion  the digital entertainment and media company  appointed Marcela Louzada to the newly created role of vice presid,Last month  Azerion  the digital entertainment and media company  appointed Marcela Louzada to the newly created role of vice president of IR. She joined from Shell  where she spent nearly 18 years  most recently as director of IR.Louzada brings to Azerion the experience of helping Shell transform its IR approach over recent years – changes demanded by intense investor scrutiny on the energy sector. She also has plenty of experience in tech  having previously founded two start-ups.Marcela Louzada  AzerionShe will now use that experience to build out the IR function at Azerion  which only went public in February this year  listing via a merger with a special purpose acquisition company on Euronext Amsterdam.Below  Louzada talks to IR Magazine about what attracted her to the new role  her approach to engagement as in-person meetings return  and managing negative sentiment toward the tech sector.What attracted you to the role?I was attracted by the opportunity to really make an impact and build on the initial investor engagement work done as part of the listing to develop our equity story  the relationship with the market  sell-side coverage  relationships with investors and how to communicate the message.Azerion has been growing massively in the last few years and has great potential. It operates in a market that is under consolidation and Azerion is ready to fight as one of the key players in that consolidation – and that’s just the place you want to be.I think Azerion will benefit from my experience of working at Shell and all the transformation that has taken place in the energy sector over the last couple of years. There was a huge change in the way Shell communicated with the market.It will be great for Azerion to have those practices. They will help the company transition from private to public  while keeping its entrepreneurial culture  which is important to its DNA. With investors  you don’t have many shots  so it’s good to get it right up-front.What experience from previous roles do you think will be useful?I always say I have been flirting with tech for a while because  besides my job in investor relations for Shell  I also founded a number of tech start-ups. Doing that gave me experience not only of starting a business  but also of fund-raising for a company that is not well known where you need to pitch its story.At Shell  we transformed the disclosures and the market communications over the last couple of years. Two years ago  we would have quarterly calls with the market  just an audio webcast  and the CEO going through a lot of slides.Today  Shell publishes a 10-minute video  first thing in the morning  so investors can get the message from management early in the day. And then later in the day  you have Q&A with management. By that time  all the noise and clarifications are out of the way  which has massively improved the quality of the Q&A. And that is just one example of all the modernization.Shell gives me experience on the public company  equity market side  and I also have that experience with start-ups and tech. Azerion is a chance to mix both.How are you approaching investor engagement as we go back to in-person meetings after the pandemic?The way I approach it is I always put investors at the center and use the communication channels that best address the demand. I would say at the moment it is a hybrid approach. I get some engagements that are virtual  others that are in person. Some investors even want to come to the office to meet management.In the case of Azerion  as it is a newly listed company  many investors are just getting to know us. If you are meeting for the first time  I think in-person engagements are important.We are getting ready for roadshows and conferences in June  along with more in-person meetings. Saying that  we are also doing virtual engagement so we have some virtual conferences we attend. I think the next few months will be more in person than virtual  but we will adapt to whatever works for the investor.What questions are you expecting from investors and analysts over the next 12 months?I think there are two areas. The first is more at the company level. Azerion is recently listed  so there is a lot of attention on the company’s financial performance  and how this compares with previous years.Then at the sector level  I expect a lot of attention. Of course  sentiment toward tech has been somewhat mixed recently  given the big players are publishing worsening results in some KPIs. Other topics that are hot in tech right now are the metaverse and non-fungible tokens. And Azerion has actually been one of the pioneers in that space with our virtual environments.Does the negative sentiment around tech affect your approach?I think it’s always important to monitor the sentiment and understand the main drivers behind investor concerns. Is it a macro question – are they just staying away from tech? Or are they asking: how sustainable is tech post-pandemic? That is a pretty fundamental point to address.I always say you should stay tuned  and look at the concerns behind that behavior and that sentiment  and then work with management to understand what your position is and how to address those concerns. Even if investors aren’t asking about it  we know certain questions are bugging them so I always like to stay ahead of it.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.62,0.16,0.23,True,English,"['new vice president', 'large-cap energy', 'emerging tech', 'Q&A', 'Marcela Louzada', 'IR Magazine', 'Azerion', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'initial investor engagement work', 'intense investor scrutiny', 'equity market side', 'side coverage', 'investor relations', 'investor concerns', 'virtual engagement', 'digital entertainment', 'vice president', 'energy sector', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'equity story', 'great potential', 'key players', 'huge change', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'many shots', 'previous roles', 'quarterly calls', 'audio webcast', '10-minute video', 'first thing', 'Q&A', 'one example', 'communication channels', 'two areas', 'financial performance', 'sector level', 'big players', 'worsening results', 'Other topics', 'non-fungible tokens', 'virtual environments', 'main drivers', 'macro question', 'fundamental point', 'media company', 'company level', 'two start-ups', 'person meetings', 'last couple', 'IR function', 'IR Magazine', 'Marcela Louzada', 'negative sentiment', 'market communications', 'hybrid approach', 'first time', 'virtual conferences', 'recent years', 'new role', 'previous years', 'public company', 'tech sector', 'person engagements', 'many investors', 'IR approach', 'next 12 months', 'tech start-ups', '18 years', 'Azerion', 'Shell', 'director', 'experience', 'changes', 'plenty', 'February', 'merger', 'opportunity', 'impact', 'part', 'listing', 'relationship', 'message', 'consolidation', 'place', 'transformation', 'way', 'practices', 'private', 'DNA', 'job', 'number', 'Doing', 'business', 'fund-raising', 'disclosures', 'CEO', 'lot', 'slides', 'morning', 'management', 'day', 'noise', 'clarifications', 'quality', 'modernization', 'chance', 'pandemic', 'center', 'demand', 'moment', 'others', 'office', 'case', 'roadshows', 'June', 'questions', 'analysts', 'attention', 'KPIs', 'metaverse', 'pioneers', 'space']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,irmagazine.com
4490,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509005836/en/ACTICOR-BIOTECH-Presentation-of-Positive-Results-From-the-ACTIMIS-Phase-1b2a-Study-in-Stroke-at-ESOC-2022,ACTICOR BIOTECH: Presentation of Positive Results From the ACTIMIS Phase 1b/2a Study in Stroke at ESOC 2022,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: ACTICOR BIOTECH (ISIN : FR0014005OJ5 – ALACT)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing an innovative drug for the treatment of cardiovascular emergencies  announces today the presentation of positive results …,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:ACTICOR BIOTECH (ISIN : FR0014005OJ5 – ALACT)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company developing an innovative drug for the treatment of cardiovascular emergencies  announces today the presentation of positive results from the Phase 1b/2a study  ACTIMIS  in the treatment of acute ischemic stroke  at the 8th European Stroke Organisation Conference (ESOC) on Friday May 6  2022.On this occasion  Professor Mikael Mazighi  MD  PhD  Coordinating Investigator for ACTIMIS  presented the results of the ACTIMIS study during the ""Closing Ceremony & Large Clinical Trials 2”:Glenzocimab  a Novel Antithrombotic  is Associated with Reduced Intracranial Hemorrhage and Mortality Rates when Combined with Standard-Of-Care Reperfusion Therapies: The ACTIMIS Study1Find the exchanges during the ESOC with Professor Mikael Mazighi:The media presentationThe question-and-answer sessionThe positive results of the ACTIMIS phase 1b/2a study were presented on February 22  2022 (link to the press release).About ESOCThe European Stroke Organisation (ESO) is a pan-European society of stroke researchers and physicians  national and regional stroke societies and lay organisations that was founded in December 2007. The ESO is an NGO comprised of individual and organisational members.The aim of the ESO is to reduce the burden of stroke by changing the way that stroke is viewed and treated. This can only be achieved by professional and public education and making institutional changes. ESO serves as the voice of stroke in Europe  harmonising stroke management across the whole of Europe and taking action to reduce the burden of stroke regionally and globally.The 8th conference of the European Stroke Organisation took place on May 4  5 and 6  2002 in Lyon.About ACTICOR BIOTECHActicor Biotech is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company  a spin-off from INSERM (the French National Institute of Health and Medical Research)  which is aiming to develop an innovative treatment for cardiovascular emergencies  including ischemic stroke.Acticor Biotech is developing glenzocimab (ACT017)  a humanized monoclonal antibody (mAb) fragment directed against a novel target of major interest  platelet glycoprotein VI (GPVI). Glenzocimab inhibits platelet binding to the thrombus without affecting physiological hemostasis  thereby limiting the bleeding risk  particularly in the brain.Acticor Biotech is supported by a panel of European and international investors (Karista  Go Capital  Newton Biocapital  CMS Medical Venture Investment (HK) Limited  A&B (HK) Limited  Mirae Asset Capital  Anaxago  Primer Capital  Mediolanum farmaceutici and the Armesa foundation). Acticor Biotech is listed on Euronext Growth Paris since November 2021 (ISIN: FR0014005OJ5 – ALACT).For further information  please go to www.acticor-biotech.com1 ESOC 2022 – late breaking science  ongoing trials & young stroke physicians and researchers - Abstract #1758- GLENZOCIMAB  A NOVEL ANTITHROMBOTIC  IS ASSOCIATED WITH REDUCED INTRACRANIAL HEMORRHAGE AND MORTALITY RATES WHEN COMBINED WITH STANDARD-OF-CARE REPERFUSION THERAPIES: THE ACTIMIS STUDY. European Stroke Journal 7  p574 (2022).",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.03,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['ACTIMIS Phase 1b/2a Study', 'ACTICOR BIOTECH', 'Positive Results', 'Presentation', 'Stroke', 'ESOC', '8th European Stroke Organisation Conference', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'CMS Medical Venture Investment', 'ACTIMIS phase 1b/2a study', 'The European Stroke Organisation', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Professor Mikael Mazighi', 'Large Clinical Trials', 'Reduced Intracranial Hemorrhage', 'Standard-Of-Care Reperfusion Therapies', 'humanized monoclonal antibody', 'late breaking science', 'European Stroke Journal', 'regional stroke societies', 'Mirae Asset Capital', 'French National Institute', 'platelet glycoprotein VI', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'acute ischemic stroke', 'young stroke physicians', 'The ACTIMIS Study1', '8th conference', 'Medical Research', 'ongoing trials', 'stroke management', 'Go Capital', 'Primer Capital', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'ACTICOR BIOTECH', 'innovative drug', 'cardiovascular emergencies', 'Coordinating Investigator', 'Closing Ceremony', 'Novel Antithrombotic', 'Mortality Rates', 'answer session', 'press release', 'pan-European society', 'lay organisations', 'organisational members', 'public education', 'institutional changes', 'novel target', 'major interest', 'physiological hemostasis', 'bleeding risk', 'international investors', 'Newton Biocapital', 'HK) Limited', 'A&B', 'Mediolanum farmaceutici', 'Armesa foundation', 'stroke researchers', 'positive results', 'media presentation', 'The ESO', 'innovative treatment', 'ISIN', 'FR0014005OJ5', 'ALACT', 'ESOC', 'Friday', 'May', 'occasion', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Glenzocimab', 'exchanges', 'question', 'February', 'link', 'December', 'individual', 'aim', 'burden', 'way', 'professional', 'voice', 'action', 'place', 'Lyon', 'spin-off', 'INSERM', 'Health', 'ACT01', 'fragment', 'GPVI', 'thrombus', 'brain', 'panel', 'Karista', 'Anaxago', 'November', 'information', 'acticor-biotech', 'Abstract']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4491,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000952.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 May 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7501 £ 24.9752 Estimated MTD return -0.34 % -0.32 % Estimated YTD return -1.54 % -1.30 % Estimated ITD return 187.50 % 149.75 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -15.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.92 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.8940 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.0418The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4492,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000105.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 06 May 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.7501 £ 24.9752 Estimated MTD return -0.34 % -0.32 % Estimated YTD return -1.54 % -1.30 % Estimated ITD return 187.50 % 149.75 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 24.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -15.83 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.92 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 248.8940 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 133.0418The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4493,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/defi-technologies-wholly-owned-subsidiary-100000382.html,DeFi Technologies' Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Valour  SEBA Bank and MVIS Launch the SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index,"DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional ...","DeFI Technologies' wholly-owned subsidiary Valour collaborated with SEBA Bank and MVIS to launch an investable index for tokens building for the Metaverse  SVMETA.TORONTO  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralised finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset exchange traded products (""ETPs"")  has partnered with SEBA Bank and MarketVector Indices (""MVIS"") to launch the SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index (SVMETA).DeFi Technologies  Inc. Logo (CNW Group/DeFi Technologies  Inc.)The SVMETA index is an investable index for tokens building for the Metaverse that provides exposure to crypto assets related to gaming  entertainment and social interactions within the virtual and augmented reality world.""The metaverse has incredible potential to change the way we interact with technology and the world around us  like how the internet altered that same intersection "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO at Valour. ""This product enables people to invest in that potential – taking part in the next big technological revolution.""SVMETA is a rules-based index that covers the CCCAGG pricing and is calculated in USD as a price index. The index is reviewed on a monthly basis. Detailed information about the index  including methodology details and index data  is available at [ LINK ].""The Metaverse is the next iteration of the internet. It is a 3D virtual world that will allow users to interact with their environments and other Metaverse users. Apart from its massive entertainment potential  the Metaverse is expected to create its own ecosystem of commercial avatars  thereby creating incredible investment opportunities "" said Gregory Mall  Head Investment Solutions at SEBA Bank. ""The SEBAV Metaverse Index engineered by SEBA Bank in collaboration with MVIS and Valour provides exposure to digital assets designed to capture the accelerating trends of gaming  entertainment and social interactions shifting into virtual environments. SEBA V constituents include tokens with exposure to the Metaverse which are selected based on their market capitalization and liquidity "" he continued.Story continuesWith this latest development  DeFi Technologies is further advancing its mission of integrating the foundational assets of the new digital economy into legacy financial institutions. Through Valour  DeFi Technologies offers 27 unique ETPs based on 8 of the highest performing DeFi tokens. These ETPs include Bitcoin Zero and Ethereum Zero  the only zero-fee synthetic crypto ETPs currently traded in Europe. Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comAbout SEBA BankFounded in April 2018 and headquartered in Zug  SEBA Bank is a pioneer in the financial industry and is the only global smart bank providing a fully universal suite of regulated banking services in the emerging digital economy. In August 2019  SEBA Bank received a Swiss banking and securities dealer licence  and in September 2021 the CISA licence – the first time a reputed  regulatory authority such as FINMA has granted such licences to a financial services provider with a core capability in digital assets. In February 2022 SEBA Bank secured the Financial Services Permission from Abu Dhabi Global Market and opened an office in Abu Dhabi.The broad  vertically integrated spectrum of services combined with the highest security standards  make SEBA Bank's value proposition unique - this is why Banque de France selected SEBA Bank to test the integration of Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC). CVVC Global Report  LGT Bank launched a cooperation  and CB Insights name SEBA Bank two years in a row as Top 50 Companies within the blockchain ecosystem. Aite Group awarded SEBA Bank with their 2021 Digital Wealth Management Impact Innovation Award in the category ""Digital Startup of the Year""  in 2022 SEBA Bank won the WealthBriefing Swiss EAM Award for Excellence in Digital Assets Offering or Service  and LinkedIn list SEBA Bank as one of the Top Startups 2021 in Switzerland.For more information about SEBA Bank  please visit our website .About MarketVector Indices - www.mvis-indices.comMarketVector Indexes GmbH (MVIS®) develops  monitors and markets the MVIS® indexes  a focused selection of pure-play and investable indexes. The introduction of MVIS® indexes has expanded VanEck's successful brand from exchange-traded products to indexes  and the current portfolio of MarketVector indexes reflects the company's in-depth expertise when it comes to emerging markets  hard assets  fixed income and special asset classes. Approximately USD 33.60 billion in assets under management are currently invested in financial products based on MVIS® indexes. MarketVector Indexes is a VanEck® Company.Cautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the listing of the SVMETA index; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; partnership with SEBA Bank and MVIS; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-wholly-owned-subsidiary-valour-seba-bank-and-mvis-launch-the-seba-valour-metaverse-index-301542376.htmlSOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index', 'Subsidiary Valour', 'SEBA Bank', 'DeFi Technologies', 'MVIS', '2021 Digital Wealth Management Impact Innovation Award', 'digital asset exchange traded products', 'broad, vertically integrated spectrum', 'next big technological revolution', 'Central Bank Digital Currency', 'zero-fee synthetic crypto ETPs', 'Abu Dhabi Global Market', 'The SEBAV Metaverse Index', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'CVVC Global Report', 'emerging digital economy', 'traditional capital markets', 'reputed, regulatory authority', 'Banque de France', 'new digital economy', 'legacy financial institutions', 'global smart bank', 'securities dealer licence', 'highest security standards', 'augmented reality world', 'Head Investment Solutions', 'SEBA V constituents', 'financial services provider', 'Financial Services Permission', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'regulated banking services', 'SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index', 'trusted, diversified exposure', '3D virtual world', 'other Metaverse users', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'incredible investment opportunities', 'The SVMETA index', 'massive entertainment potential', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'digital assets', 'Digital Startu', 'crypto assets', 'The Metaverse', 'next iteration', 'market capitalization', 'new technologies', 'financial industry', 'incredible potential', 'highest performing', 'Swiss banking', 'CISA licence', 'SEBA Bank', 'investable index', 'rules-based index', 'price index', 'index data', 'LGT Bank', 'financial information', 'Valour Inc.', 'decentralised finance', 'MarketVector Indices', 'CNW Group', 'social interactions', 'same intersection', 'Tommy Fransson', 'CCCAGG pricing', 'monthly basis', 'methodology details', 'commercial avatars', 'Gregory Mall', 'accelerating trends', 'latest development', 'foundational assets', '27 unique ETPs', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'Ethereum Zero', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'universal suite', 'core capability', 'value proposition', 'CB Insights', 'Top 50 Companies', 'blockchain ecosystem', 'Aite Group', 'company updates', 'Detailed information', 'virtual environments', 'defi.tech', 'institutional investors', 'secure way', 'technology company', 'DeFi tokens', 'subsidiary Valour', 'MVIS', 'TORONTO', 'May', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'pioneer', 'Logo', 'gaming', 'internet', 'CEO', 'people', 'part', 'USD', 'collaboration', 'liquidity', 'Story', 'Europe', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'April', 'August', 'September', 'first', 'FINMA', 'licences', 'February', 'office', 'integration', 'CBDC', 'cooperation', 'row', 'category']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4494,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/europe-launches-first-spac-focused-on-production-of-complex-drugs-993967,Europe launches first SPAC focused on production of complex drugs,"By Natalie Grover (Reuters) -   Europe’s first ""blank cheque"" company focused on acquiring companies that make medicines for the biotech and pharmaceutical industry launched on Monday  with plans to raise 150",million euros.The company  named eureKING  intends to list on Euronext Paris and has identified about 40 targets that manufacture biologics  cell and gene therapies  or live biotherapeutics (biological products that contains live organisms  such as bacteria to prevent  treat or cure disease).As a SPAC  eureKING is a publicly listed shell company that raises funds to merge with a private company  taking it public without the scrutiny that comes with a traditional IPO.Its targets are contract development and manufacturing organisations (CDMOs)  which provide services to companies without the resources to do such work in-house.The top CDMO players  including Lonza  Boehringer Ingelheim  WuXi Biologics  Catalent and Samsung Biologics  hold just over a quarter of the market. The rest is shared by more than a thousand companies  according to eureKING.EureKING CEO Michael Kloss  former head of Bayer’s diabetes business  said the company planned to swallow about three CDMOs that each make about 50 million euros in annual revenue in Europe over the next few years.The assumption  depending on the size of the targets  is to create a group that will reach an enterprise level of about a billion euros  he said.Eventually  the company hopes to build a one-stop boutique manufacturing network for European biotechs that don’t need large batches of product and aren’t necessarily prioritised by the big CDMOs.There are is a global need to scale up manufacturing to meet the burgeoning demand for advanced therapeutics  said Claire Skentelbery  director general of the European biotech industry group EuropaBio.Europe is not in the game on its own — the United States  India and now China have strong  growing manufacturing bases  she said. “In Europe  we need to make sure that we are shoulder to shoulder with the other major regions.”(Reporting by Natalie Grover. Editing by Gerry Doyle),neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.88,0.08,True,English,"['first SPAC', 'complex drugs', 'Europe', 'production', 'one-stop boutique manufacturing network', 'strong, growing manufacturing bases', 'EureKING CEO Michael Kloss', 'European biotech industry group', 'top CDMO players', 'other major regions', 'a thousand companies', 'European biotechs', 'manufacturing organisations', 'Euronext Paris', 'gene therapies', 'live biotherapeutics', 'biological products', 'live organisms', 'traditional IPO', 'contract development', 'Boehringer Ingelheim', 'former head', 'diabetes business', 'annual revenue', 'enterprise level', 'large batches', 'global need', 'burgeoning demand', 'advanced therapeutics', 'Claire Skentelbery', 'director general', 'United States', 'Natalie Grover', 'Gerry Doyle', 'WuXi Biologics', 'Samsung Biologics', 'three CDMOs', '50 million euros', 'billion euros', 'big CDMOs', 'shell company', 'private company', '40 targets', 'cell', 'bacteria', 'disease', 'SPAC', 'funds', 'scrutiny', 'services', 'resources', 'house', 'Lonza', 'Catalent', 'quarter', 'market', 'rest', 'Bayer', 'years', 'assumption', 'size', 'EuropaBio', 'game', 'India', 'China', 'Editing']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,fxempire.com
4495,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4110394.html,Adagio Accelerates Its International Development,After an eventful two years  the ambitions at Adagio remain unchanged. Europe's market leader in the aparthotel sector continues to collaborate with other companies and is constantly on the lookout for new innovations. Adagio currently comprises of three bran…,"London - After an eventful two years  the ambitions at Adagio remain unchanged. Europe's market leader in the aparthotel sector continues to collaborate with other companies and is constantly on the lookout for new innovations. Adagio currently comprises of three brands  with 122 aparthotels and almost 14 000 apartments in 13 different countries.The company plans to double its portfolio with over 220 aparthotels worldwide by 2025. A very ambitious goal  although Adagio has already demonstrated its ability to do so: in 2021  the brand broke all records with the opening of ten new locations across five countries. Adagio continues its success with the recent announcement of its official partnership with its four-star aparthotel Adagio London Stratford and the famous London Stadium. Adagio's latest significant openings include Qatar and Malta  two countries where the brand has not previously been represented.In 2023  the focus will remain on international expansion with properties planned in Abidjan  Antwerp  London and Bucharest. Nonetheless  France  the group's home market will also move into focus with new openings anticipated in Rouen and Boulogne-Billancourt  allowing Adagio to maintain its marketleader position.Franchise on the riseAs an experienced operator of aparthotels  Adagio offers several development routes to implement its expansion strategy and achieve its goal: lease  management or franchise. As a result  the group's expertise in the medium- to long-stay segment is now available to franchise partners as this operating mode becomes a key development focus for Adagio in France and worldwide. In 2018  there were five franchised Adagios in the portfolio. In 2022  just four years later  there are now 18. There are also 15 more new openings with franchise partners planned over the next three years.Innovative concepts adapted to new needsAdagio's strong development is as a result of the introduction of a number of innovative concepts that meet the new expectations of travellers. In 2021 alone  the group launched the new apartment concepts ""Adagio access Living Hub"" and ""Adagio Smart House"". In 2022  Adagio launched its ""Coliving Concept“ with the first Coliving Apartment having opened in Paris in February. These innovations are in addition to the launch of ""The Circle""  Adagio’s public area concept. All new concepts can be seen at Adagio Paris Bercy Village  the group's innovation lab.Flexible with buildings - strong CSR commitmentAdagio is a very agile brand and can adapt to any building project be it the takeover of existing aparthotels  conversions (offices  residential buildings  retail  hotels  etc.) or new developments  taking into account the reversibility of infrastructures. This flexibility is always aligned with Adagio's strong CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) commitment  where the implementation of specific technical and operational measures ensure an improvement in the impact on the environment.Xavier Desaulles  CEO Adagio  says about the IHIF (International Hotel Investment Forum): “Our presence at IHIF in Berlin in early May  a major hotel investment forum in Europe  is a unique opportunity for ADAGIO to share with future partners the specificity of the aparthotel model and its extraordinary potential. As the European leader  it is also and above all an opportunity to communicate our know-how and our desire for innovation in this fast-growing market segment!""About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and approximately 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,positive,0.66,0.32,0.02,True,English,"['Adagio Accelerates', 'International Development', 'four-star aparthotel Adagio London Stratford', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'major hotel investment forum', 'Corporate Social Responsibility) commitment', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'International Hotel Investment Forum', 'Adagio Paris Bercy Village', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Adagio access Living Hub', 'integrated hospitality ecosystems', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'economy hotel brands', 'several development routes', 'eventful two years', 'famous London Stadium', 'five franchised Adagios', 'next three years', 'first Coliving Apartment', 'public area concept', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'latest significant openings', 'strong CSR commitment', 'ten new locations', 'Adagio Smart House', 'creative hospitality company', 'new apartment concepts', 'Accor Live Limitless', 'key development focus', 'growing market segment', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'aparthotel sector', 'international expansion', 'strong development', 'Coliving Concept', 'aparthotel model', 'three brands', 'new openings', 'long-stay segment', 'growing categories', 'new concepts', 'market leader', 'five countries', 'two countries', 'home market', 'Innovative concepts', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'OTC Market', 'new needs', 'new expectations', 'new developments', 'other companies', 'recent announcement', 'official partnership', 'marketleader position', 'experienced operator', 'expansion strategy', 'operating mode', 'The Circle', 'building project', 'specific technical', 'operational measures', 'Xavier Desaulles', 'early May', 'future partners', 'extraordinary potential', 'European leader', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'ISIN code', 'United States', '13 different countries', 'new innovations', 'CEO Adagio', 'ambitious goal', 'franchise partners', 'innovation lab', 'residential buildings', 'unique opportunity', 'concierge services', '260,000 team members', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'agile brand', 'accommodation properties', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'existing aparthotels', '110 countries', '5,300 properties', '122 aparthotels', '220 aparthotels', 'ambitions', 'lookout', '14,000 apartments', 'records', 'success', 'Qatar', 'Malta', 'Abidjan', 'Antwerp', 'Bucharest', 'France', 'Rouen', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'rise', 'lease', 'management', 'result', 'expertise', 'introduction', 'number', 'travellers', 'February', 'addition', 'launch', 'takeover', 'conversions', 'offices', 'retail', 'account', 'reversibility', 'infrastructures', 'flexibility', 'implementation', 'improvement', 'impact', 'IHIF', 'presence', 'Berlin', 'specificity', 'know-how', 'desire', '10,000 food', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'rewards', 'experiences', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', '15']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,hospitalitynet.org
4496,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-dividend-information-in-respect-of-q1-2022-301542421.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information in Respect of Q1 2022,LONDON  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2022. The record date is 3 May 2022. Payme…,LONDON  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- On 27 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2022. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2022. The record date is 3 May 2022. Payment of the dividend will take place from 26 May 2022.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 26 May 2022.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 13 May 2022. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 26 May 2022.The reference price for shares delivered in lieu of cash is U.S. $10.27  resulting in a conversion ratio of one newly issued share for every 93.4 dividend rights held. The reference price is based on the volume‑weighted average of the trading prices of a non-voting share on Euronext Amsterdam N.V. for the five-day trading period (treated as a single period) from 2 May to 6 May 2022.For further information on the Optional Stock Dividend Plan  please refer to the brochure on Tetragon's website.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a closed-ended investment company that invests in a broad range of assets  including public and private equities and credit (including distressed securities and structured credit)  convertible bonds  real estate  venture capital  infrastructure  bank loans and TFG Asset Management  a diversified alternative asset management business. Where appropriate  through TFG Asset Management  Tetragon seeks to own all  or a portion  of asset management companies with which it invests in order to enhance the returns achieved on its capital. Tetragon's investment objective is to generate distributable income and capital appreciation. It aims to provide stable returns to investors across various credit  equity  interest rate  inflation and real estate cycles. The company's non-voting shares are traded on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and on the Specialist Fund Segment of the main market of the London Stock Exchange. For more information please visit the company's website at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners [email protected] United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin +1 646 818 9298 +1 646 818 9234 United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell +44 7717 281 665 +44 7940 166 251This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets under Section 1:107 of the Financial Markets Supervision Act as a collective investment scheme from a designated country.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.91,0.08,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Dividend Information', 'Respect', 'Q1', 'United Kingdom Henrietta Dehn Alexa Bethell', 'United States Ryan FitzGibbon Remy Marin', 'diversified alternative asset management business', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'TFG Asset Management', 'asset management companies', 'collective investment scheme', 'volume‑weighted average', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'closed-ended investment company', 'London Stock Exchange', 'five-day trading period', 'real estate cycles', 'dividend currency election', 'dividend share election', 'investment objective', 'trading prices', 'single period', '93.4 dividend rights', 'first quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'reference price', 'conversion ratio', 'broad range', 'private equities', 'convertible bonds', 'bank loans', 'distributable income', 'interest rate', 'regulated market', 'main market', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Netherlands Authority', 'voting shares', 'distressed securities', 'venture capital', 'capital appreciation', 'public register', 'structured credit', 'stable returns', 'Tetragon shares', 'public offer', 'Cash dividends', 'May', 'PRNewswire', '27 April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', 'Payment', 'place', 'website', 'tetragoninv', 'information', 'shareholders', 'Sterling', 'lieu', 'brochure', 'assets', 'infrastructure', 'portion', 'order', 'investors', 'equity', 'inflation', 'release', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'benefits', 'Section', 'country']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4497,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/defi-technologies-wholly-owned-subsidiary-valour-seba-bank-and-mvis-launch-the-seba-valour-metaverse-index-301542376.html,DeFi Technologies' Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Valour  SEBA Bank and MVIS Launch the SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index,"DeFI Technologies' wholly-owned subsidiary Valour collaborated with SEBA Bank and MVIS to launch an investable index for tokens building for the Metaverse  SVMETA. TORONTO  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies…","DeFI Technologies' wholly-owned subsidiary Valour collaborated with SEBA Bank and MVIS to launch an investable index for tokens building for the Metaverse  SVMETA.TORONTO  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralised finance  announced today that Valour Inc. (""Valour"")  its wholly owned subsidiary and a pioneer in digital asset exchange traded products (""ETPs"")  has partnered with SEBA Bank and MarketVector Indices (""MVIS"") to launch the SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index (SVMETA).The SVMETA index is an investable index for tokens building for the Metaverse that provides exposure to crypto assets related to gaming  entertainment and social interactions within the virtual and augmented reality world.""The metaverse has incredible potential to change the way we interact with technology and the world around us  like how the internet altered that same intersection "" said Tommy Fransson  CEO at Valour. ""This product enables people to invest in that potential – taking part in the next big technological revolution.""SVMETA is a rules-based index that covers the CCCAGG pricing and is calculated in USD as a price index. The index is reviewed on a monthly basis. Detailed information about the index  including methodology details and index data  is available at [ LINK ].""The Metaverse is the next iteration of the internet. It is a 3D virtual world that will allow users to interact with their environments and other Metaverse users. Apart from its massive entertainment potential  the Metaverse is expected to create its own ecosystem of commercial avatars  thereby creating incredible investment opportunities "" said Gregory Mall  Head Investment Solutions at SEBA Bank. ""The SEBAV Metaverse Index engineered by SEBA Bank in collaboration with MVIS and Valour provides exposure to digital assets designed to capture the accelerating trends of gaming  entertainment and social interactions shifting into virtual environments. SEBA V constituents include tokens with exposure to the Metaverse which are selected based on their market capitalization and liquidity "" he continued.With this latest development  DeFi Technologies is further advancing its mission of integrating the foundational assets of the new digital economy into legacy financial institutions. Through Valour  DeFi Technologies offers 27 unique ETPs based on 8 of the highest performing DeFi tokens. These ETPs include Bitcoin Zero and Ethereum Zero  the only zero-fee synthetic crypto ETPs currently traded in Europe. Learn more about DeFi Technologies and Valour at defi.tech and valour.com .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralized technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/About ValourValour Inc. issues exchange-listed financial products that enable retail and institutional investors to access investment in disruptive innovations  such as digital assets  in a simple and secure way. Established in 2019 and based in Zug  Switzerland  Valour is a wholly owned subsidiary of DeFi Technologies Inc. (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJ.F) (OTC: DEFTF). For more information on Valour  visit https://valour.comAbout SEBA BankFounded in April 2018 and headquartered in Zug  SEBA Bank is a pioneer in the financial industry and is the only global smart bank providing a fully universal suite of regulated banking services in the emerging digital economy. In August 2019  SEBA Bank received a Swiss banking and securities dealer licence  and in September 2021 the CISA licence – the first time a reputed  regulatory authority such as FINMA has granted such licences to a financial services provider with a core capability in digital assets. In February 2022 SEBA Bank secured the Financial Services Permission from Abu Dhabi Global Market and opened an office in Abu Dhabi.The broad  vertically integrated spectrum of services combined with the highest security standards  make SEBA Bank's value proposition unique - this is why Banque de France selected SEBA Bank to test the integration of Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC). CVVC Global Report  LGT Bank launched a cooperation  and CB Insights name SEBA Bank two years in a row as Top 50 Companies within the blockchain ecosystem. Aite Group awarded SEBA Bank with their 2021 Digital Wealth Management Impact Innovation Award in the category ""Digital Startup of the Year""  in 2022 SEBA Bank won the WealthBriefing Swiss EAM Award for Excellence in Digital Assets Offering or Service  and LinkedIn list SEBA Bank as one of the Top Startups 2021 in Switzerland.For more information about SEBA Bank  please visit our website .About MarketVector Indices - www.mvis-indices.comMarketVector Indexes GmbH (MVIS®) develops  monitors and markets the MVIS® indexes  a focused selection of pure-play and investable indexes. The introduction of MVIS® indexes has expanded VanEck's successful brand from exchange-traded products to indexes  and the current portfolio of MarketVector indexes reflects the company's in-depth expertise when it comes to emerging markets  hard assets  fixed income and special asset classes. Approximately USD 33.60 billion in assets under management are currently invested in financial products based on MVIS® indexes. MarketVector Indexes is a VanEck® Company.Cautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to the listing of the SVMETA index; investor interest in Valour's ETPs; geographic expansion and additional listings of Valour's ETP offerings; the regulatory environment with respect to the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited the acceptance of Valour ETPs by exchanges  including the NGM  Frankfurt and Euronext; partnership with SEBA Bank and MVIS; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.SOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index', 'Subsidiary Valour', 'SEBA Bank', 'DeFi Technologies', 'MVIS', '2021 Digital Wealth Management Impact Innovation Award', 'broad, vertically integrated spectrum', 'WealthBriefing Swiss EAM Award', 'next big technological revolution', 'Central Bank Digital Currency', 'zero-fee synthetic crypto ETPs', 'Abu Dhabi Global Market', 'The SEBAV Metaverse Index', 'CVVC Global Report', 'traditional capital markets', 'digital asset exchange', 'emerging digital economy', 'reputed, regulatory authority', 'Banque de France', 'legacy financial institutions', 'global smart bank', 'new digital economy', 'securities dealer licence', 'highest security standards', 'augmented reality world', 'Head Investment Solutions', 'SEBA V constituents', 'financial services provider', 'Financial Services Permission', 'industry-leading decentralized technologies', 'regulated banking services', 'SEBA VALOUR Metaverse Index', 'exchange-listed financial products', 'trusted, diversified exposure', '3D virtual world', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'other Metaverse users', 'incredible investment opportunities', 'The SVMETA index', 'massive entertainment potential', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'Swiss banking', 'crypto assets', 'The Metaverse', 'next iteration', 'digital assets', 'market capitalization', 'Digital Startup', 'new technologies', 'financial industry', 'incredible potential', 'highest performing', 'CISA licence', 'SEBA Bank', 'investable index', 'rules-based index', 'price index', 'index data', 'LGT Bank', 'financial information', 'Valour Inc.', 'decentralised finance', 'MarketVector Indices', 'social interactions', 'same intersection', 'Tommy Fransson', 'CCCAGG pricing', 'monthly basis', 'methodology details', 'commercial avatars', 'Gregory Mall', 'accelerating trends', 'latest development', 'foundational assets', '27 unique ETPs', 'Bitcoin Zero', 'Ethereum Zero', 'investor access', 'disruptive innovations', 'universal suite', 'core capability', 'value proposition', 'CB Insights', 'Top 50 Companies', 'blockchain ecosystem', 'Aite Group', 'company updates', 'Detailed information', 'virtual environments', 'defi.tech', 'institutional investors', 'secure way', 'technology company', 'DeFi tokens', 'subsidiary Valour', 'MVIS', 'TORONTO', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'pioneer', 'gaming', 'internet', 'CEO', 'people', 'part', 'USD', 'collaboration', 'liquidity', 'Europe', 'heart', 'future', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'areas', 'ventures', 'order', 'retail', 'simple', 'Zug', 'Switzerland', 'RMJ.', 'April', 'August', 'September', 'first', 'FINMA', 'licences', 'February', 'office', 'integration', 'CBDC', 'cooperation', 'row', 'category', 'Year', 'Excell']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4498,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://allafrica.com/stories/202205090240.html,Liberia: France Orders 21 More TALIOS Optronic Pods,[New Dawn] Thales has received a firm order from the French defence procurement agency (DGA) for an additional 21 TALIOS optronic pods to equip French forces.,"Thales has received a firm order from the French defence procurement agency (DGA) for an additional 21 TALIOS optronic pods to equip French forces.With this new order  a total of 67 TALIOS pods will be in service with the French Air and Space Force and the French Navy by 2025.Since the TALIOS programme was launched  the pod has undergone a series of capability enhancements  including the Vision Permanent function  a new air-to-air identification mode  a colour sensor and new tactical air reconnaissance modes ordered as part of the Rafale F4 programme. The 21 pods in this additional order will support all these new capabilities.PARIS  France  06 May 2022 -/African Media Agency(AMA)/- The French defence procurement agency (DGA) has placed a firm order with Thales for 21 additional TALIOS pods. The new target designation pods will equip Rafale aircraft currently in service with the French Air and Space Force and the French Navy.As theatres of operations become more complex  maintaining an accurate picture of the tactical situation is becoming increasingly crucial to the ability of pilots and commanders to make timely decisions and achieve a strategic advantage. Shortening the time it takes between gathering intelligence and defeating targets of interest is a key objective for armed forces all over the world.In an increasingly connected operational environment  the TALIOS1 pod will enable Rafale F4 standard aircraft to perform both air reconnaissance and ground/surface attack missions. The pod provides a wide-area search and target identification capability and can then switch instantly into target acquisition and tracking mode. Its high-resolution sensors provide a colour picture of the tactical situation to simplify the tasks of Rafale pilots. Thales has also developed a new Vision Permanent mode  which superimposes real-time video on a 3D map of the operational environment  enabling air crews to observe and understand the tactical situation in a significantly shorter time.TALIOS will ultimately incorporate artificial intelligence algorithms to provide an unprecedented level of assistance in target detection and recognition and further accelerate the decision-making process  particularly in high-intensity engagements.This order for 21 additional pods underscores the continuing confidence of the French forces  which have deployed TALIOS multiple times on expeditionary missions since the first pods were delivered in 2019. The new pods will be delivered between 2024 and 2025  straight after fulfilment of the initial order for 46 TALIOS systems.Close Sign up for free AllAfrica Newsletters Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox Top Headlines Liberia Arms and Armies By submitting above  you agree to our privacy policy. Success! Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address. To complete the process  please follow the instructions in the email we just sent you. Error! Error! There was a problem processing your submission. Please try again later.""The TALIOS pod's new reconnaissance modes and automatic target detection and recognition algorithms will provide the French armed forces with an unprecedented level of operational superiority. Rafale pilots will be able to make better decisions with even greater speed at every decisive moment of their missions to detect  classify and safely engage a target and assess the results of a ground or surface strike."" Christophe Salomon  Executive Vice President  Land and Air Systems  ThalesDistributed by African Media Agency (AMA) on behalf of Thales.About Thales Thales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a high technology global leader who invests in digital and ""deep tech"" innovations -- connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technology -- to build a future we can all trust. This is vital in the development of our societies  which is why the company provides solutions  services and products that help its customers  who are in the form of businesses  organisations and states. These cover several key markets including defence  aeronautics  space  transportation and digital identity and security  allowing them to fulfil their principal missions by placing humans at the heart of the decision-making process. Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group generated sales of €16.2 billion.Thales  Media RelationsDefence Aerospace Anne-Sophie Malot+596 696 02 71 26 anne-sophie.malot@thalesgroup.comPLEASE VISITThales GroupDefenceThe post France orders 21 more TALIOS optronic pods appeared first on African Media Agency.Source : African Media Agency (AMA)",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.28,0.11,0.6,True,English,"['21 More TALIOS Optronic Pods', 'Liberia', 'France', 'Media RelationsDefence Aerospace Anne-Sophie Malot', 'The French defence procurement agency', 'Top Headlines Liberia Arms', 'new tactical air reconnaissance modes', 'high technology global leader', 'Rafale F4 standard aircraft', 'new Vision Permanent mode', 'new target designation pods', 'new reconnaissance modes', 'Vision Permanent function', 'African Media Agency', 'free AllAfrica Newsletters', 'Executive Vice President', 'deep tech"" innovations', 'PLEASE VISITThales GroupDefence', 'Rafale F4 programme', 'air identification mode', 'several key markets', 'ground/surface attack missions', 'target identification capability', 'automatic target detection', 'The TALIOS pod', 'connected operational environment', '21 TALIOS optronic pods', 'French armed forces', 'artificial intelligence algorithms', '21 additional TALIOS pods', 'Rafale aircraft', 'new pods', 'French Air', 'tracking mode', 'quantum technology', 'French forces', 'new capabilities', 'African news', 'tactical situation', 'TALIOS programme', 'new order', '67 TALIOS pods', 'French Navy', 'air crews', 'Air Systems', 'capability enhancements', 'key objective', 'target acquisition', '21 additional pods', 'first pods', 'operational superiority', 'Rafale pilots', '46 TALIOS systems', 'colour sensor', 'accurate picture', 'strategic advantage', 'wide-area search', 'high-resolution sensors', 'colour picture', 'real-time video', '3D map', 'unprecedented level', 'high-intensity engagements', 'continuing confidence', 'expeditionary missions', 'privacy policy', 'recognition algorithms', 'greater speed', 'decisive moment', 'surface strike', 'Christophe Salomon', 'big data', 'principal missions', 'firm order', 'additional order', 'initial order', 'TALIOS1 pod', 'Space Force', 'decision-making process', 'timely decisions', 'shorter time', 'email address', 'Euronext Paris', 'digital identity', '21 pods', 'Thales Thales', 'DGA', 'total', 'service', 'series', 'part', 'France', '06 May', 'AMA', 'theatres', 'operations', 'commanders', 'targets', 'interest', 'world', 'tasks', 'assistance', 'fulfilment', 'inbox', 'Armies', 'Success', 'instructions', 'Error', 'problem', 'submission', 'results', 'Land', 'behalf', 'connectivity', 'cybersecurity', 'future', 'development', 'societies', 'company', 'solutions', 'products', 'customers', 'form', 'businesses', 'organisations', 'states', 'aeronautics', 'transportation', 'humans', 'heart', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'sales', 'thalesgroup', 'post', 'Source']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,allafrica.com
4499,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kinco-selects-centric-plm-for-a-perfect-fit-301542054.html,Kinco Selects Centric PLM™ for a Perfect Fit,Venerable glove manufacturing company boosts agility with PLM CAMPBELL  Calif.  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Kinco  the glove manufacturing company  has selected Centric Software®'s Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solution. Centric Software provides the mos…,"Based in Portland  Oregon and founded in 1975  Kinco is a second-generation family-owned company that produces premium gloves designed for everything from gardening  to snowmobiling  to thermal work gloves. They provide high quality and innovation at a fair price.We went with Centric  because of its stability  its size  but also the really  really organized approach to onboarding.Nicholas Pai is in Purchasing and Sourcing at Kinco. He describes the business for those not directly in it. ""Making gloves is surprisingly technical. Shoes have a standard size measurement for the interior of the shoe. Pants have standardized sizing. Gloves can be trickier because each piece has to be hand sewn  which a lot of people don't know."" He continues to explain that there are also challenges in the materials used to make gloves. ""There are simple cotton string knit gloves  nitrile and latex dipped gloves  leather gloves  and synthetic leather gloves. Finding consistency in sizing across the entire line is a challenge.""The company has 30 – 40 vendors. They make about 180 styles of gloves and have at least two suppliers for each style of glove in different countries to be prepared for disruptions. Pai says  ""We source from six different countries. We have to have shipment timings  production output timings  different Harmonized Tariff Schedule (HTS) codes for different materials  and glove types. It can get overwhelming. For example  the US decides to do a 25% tariff on China. Okay  how do we quickly find pricing alternatives with our other factories that could make these gloves? We need to answer these questions to be quicker  more agile  and also have a place where all of our material information lives.""Pai felt that getting a PLM solution was inevitable. ""I think that every company in our size range trying to grow kind of hits a point where you just have to use a PLM."" Kinco searched for providers and in the process  interviewed and did demos with six suppliers. ""We've gone through enough experiences with software companies to realize that service to get you to where you need to be to run  is even more important than the software itself  sometimes."" He continues  ""In the end we went with Centric  because of its stability  its size  but also the really  really organized approach to onboarding. Currently  everybody in sourcing feels like they're drowning  especially with the troubles that we're having this year with things out of our control. We really needed to have a partnership with a company where they shouldered some of the onboarding work to keep us on track  which is really important.""Kinco expects numerous benefits from Centric PLM  like having all material and product information in one digital hub  but there were features that were non-negotiable. Says Pai  ""We decided on three main necessities that we had to have: a costing tool  a tech pack tool  and a vendor scoring system. Centric had them and we said well  that price is worth these three things that it can do."" He maintains  ""When companies are onboarding PLM  I would tend to believe they usually do it when they should have done it a year or two ago  and they're at a place where they're feeling overwhelmed. The Centric product is a great product  but I think the support Centric brings is better than every other company that I interviewed. And that was the selling feature for us specifically.""Chris Groves  President and CEO of Centric Software says  ""I am delighted that Kinco has chosen Centric. We are humbled by the kind words about our company that Nicholas Pai has expressed; we pride ourselves on providing the highest level of service. We work closely with each of our customers—due to input from partners like Kinco  all our version updates are market-driven and based on real-world situations.""Learn more about Centric PLMRequest a DemoKinco (www.kinco.com)Kinco has been making quality work  safety  garden  & thermal gloves since 1975. We are a dedicated  second-generation family-owned company that produces quality work gloves  and stands behind every product we make.Featuring solid leather  knitted shells with latex or nitrile coating  warm thermal lining  strong Kevlar® thread  waterproof PVC coating  3M™ Scotchlite reflective material  and touch screen fingertips  quality is our top priority. We take great pride in setting high standards for our products  such as double stitched seams for heavy use areas on certain styles  reinforced leather or Kevlar® materials  usingAquaNOT!® waterproof liner instead of just a waterproof coating  MIRAX2 sturdy synthetic leather on the KincoPro™ Series  and using multiple cut resistant fibers for the Cutflector™ styles. Not only do we ensure that every style has the appropriate grade and thickness of leather  weight of fabric  and thumb styles to provide an ergonomic fit and longer wear  we also ensure the sizes of our gloves are carefully monitored for accurate and generous sizing.The staff at Kinco is dedicated to you! We are enthusiastic  innovative  and passionate; and we work as a team to WOW you with our brilliant and understanding interactions. We stand behind our outstanding product and hope to create a healthy business relationship centered on our excellent glove program and our commitment to you.Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLM™  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.SOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.13,0.37,True,English,"['Centric PLM™', 'Perfect Fit', 'Kinco', 'simple cotton string knit gloves', 'multiple cut resistant fibers', '3M™ Scotchlite reflective material', 'MIRAX2 sturdy synthetic leather', 'different Harmonized Tariff Schedule', 'dedicated, second-generation family-owned company', 'one digital hub', 'vendor scoring system', 'touch screen fingertips', 'double stitched seams', 'heavy use areas', 'AquaNOT!® waterproof liner', 'production output timings', 'three main necessities', 'tech pack tool', 'strong Kevlar® thread', 'warm thermal lining', 'waterproof PVC coating', 'standard size measurement', 'six different countries', 'synthetic leather gloves', 'latex dipped gloves', 'The Centric product', 'quality work gloves', 'waterproof coating', 'shipment timings', 'six suppliers', 'costing tool', 'different materials', 'material information', 'Kevlar® materials', 'solid leather', 'premium gloves', 'high quality', 'organized approach', 'Making gloves', 'entire line', 'two suppliers', 'pricing alternatives', 'other factories', 'enough experiences', 'numerous benefits', 'product information', 'three things', 'great product', 'selling feature', 'Chris Groves', 'highest level', 'version updates', 'real-world situations', 'thermal gloves', 'knitted shells', 'top priority', 'great pride', 'high standards', 'KincoPro™ Series', 'appropriate grade', 'ergonomic fit', 'longer wear', 'other company', 'onboarding work', 'nitrile coating', 'size range', 'PLM solution', 'fair price', 'glove types', 'kind words', 'Cutflector™ styles', 'thumb styles', 'generous sizing', 'Nicholas Pai', 'Centric Software', 'software companies', 'Centric PLM', '25% tariff', '180 styles', 'Portland', 'Oregon', 'everything', 'gardening', 'snowmobiling', 'innovation', 'stability', 'Purchasing', 'Sourcing', 'business', 'Shoes', 'interior', 'Pants', 'piece', 'lot', 'people', 'challenges', 'consistency', '30 – 40 vendors', 'disruptions', 'HTS', 'codes', 'example', 'China', 'questions', 'place', 'point', 'providers', 'process', 'demos', 'service', 'everybody', 'troubles', 'control', 'partnership', 'track', 'features', 'support', 'President', 'CEO', 'customers', 'safety', 'products', 'reinforced', 'thickness', 'weight', 'fabric', 'sizes', 'accurate', 'staff', 'team']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4500,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-a-warhol-at-200-million-explained-by-artprice-in-five-points-301542424.html,Artmarket.com: a Warhol at $200 million explained by Artprice in five points,PARIS  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The glamorous face of Marylin Monroe painted by arguably the greatest artist in the history of the United States is about to elicit the second highest auction bid the art market has ever seen. At least that's what the very p…,"According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO and Founder of Artprice and the Artmarket.com group  ""All the conditions are in place for a new landmark. Last year  a Picasso painting sold for $103 million  but the record that really impressed was the $69 million for a work by Beeple. The market took real risks  which it had not done since the Salvator Mundi in 2017  the only result to ever cross the $200 million threshold"". Caution and reason do not always prevail when it comes to bidding on a truly iconic work. But Artprice has nevertheless identified five reasons justifying an estimate of $200 million: the exceptional characteristics of the work and the perfect timing of the sale could indeed galvanize the bidding.1. Andy Warhol's market at an apexComing out of the health crisis  Andy Warhol's prices are as buoyant as ever. In 2021  his auction turnover reached $348 million  exceeding the $300 million threshold for the first time in six years thanks to some 1 600 works sold worldwide. In terms of annual turnover  Andy Warhol was once again the third most successful artist in the world  behind Pablo Picasso and his friend Jean-Michel Basquiat.https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021/top-500-artists-by-auction-turnoverOn 15 November 2021  his painting Nine Marilyn (1962) was one of the centerpieces of Sotheby's Macklowe Collection sale  the most valuable collection ever sold at auction. Estimated between $40 and $60 million  the canvas was finally acquired for $47.4 million. A relatively modest result  it nevertheless marked the relaunch of the ultra high-end Warhol market and reassured sellers.2. The best period of creationWhile Warhol works circulate abundantly in auction rooms  his masterpieces remain relatively rare  in particular the most famous series  including Campbell Soup  Mao  Jackie Kennedy  etc. Among these paintings  the color pieces are now almost all in major museums. Of Andy Warhol's five best auction results  four have been works in black and white and the fifth  a work in black and green. None of them sport truly Pop colors.Top 5 Andy Warhol auction results1. Silver Car Crash (1963) – $105.4 million - 13/11/2013 – Sotheby's NY2. Triple Elvis (1963) – $81.9 million - 12/11 /2014 – Christie's NY3. Green Car Crash (1963) – $71.7 million - 05/16/2007 – Christie's NY4. Four Marlons (1966) – $69.6 million - 11/12/2014 – Christie's NY5. Men in her life (1962) – $63.4 million - 08/11/2010 – Phillips de Pury NYThese five works were all created in the 1960s  Andy Warhol's most creative decade. He also created the Shot Marilyn series in the 60s  including the piece that Christie's will be offering on Monday 9 May. Until now  only one painting from this series has been auctioned: Shot Red Marilyn (1964)  which successively sold for $4 million in 1989  then $3.6 million in 1994 at Christie's in New York.3. A work with a colorful historyShot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) is from a series of five portraits of America's most fetichized actress in the 1950s  a series that the performance artist Dorothy Podber apparently tried to shoot. The story goes that Andy Warhol naively accepted her request to ""shoot"" the works  thinking of course that the young woman wanted to photograph them. The error was quickly identified before any damage could be done  but the commercial genius of the American artist turned the incident to his advantage. By adding one more story to the myth of Marilyn  of the Factory  of Pop Art and of 'appropriation'  Warhol succeeded in making the five canvases even more exceptional.As Christie's points out  it is not just one of Warhol's most beautiful pieces still in circulation  it may also come from one of the most legendary collections there is  that of the illustrious art dealer and friend of the artist  Thomas Ammann. Like Leo Castelli  Ammann helped to make Warhol's work famous  exhibiting it alongside works by Francis Bacon  Jasper Johns  Mark Rothko  Cy Twombly and Jean-Michel Basquiat.4. Icon of Post-War Art and NFTsFor fifteen years  Andy Warhol has been the most successful Post-War artist on the art market. His success is based on an oeuvre that is distinctly recognizable in all the different radically innovative artistic techniques with which he experimented  techniques that in many respects opened numerous paths for Contemporary Art. By questioning the reproducibility of works as well as the tendentious relationship between art and money  his work challenged many of the assumptions of the Post-War art market.Similar questions are being posed today by NFTs  a phenomenon whose success is intimately based on the rise of crypto-currencies and which plays with ""variations on a theme"" to the point of creating 10 000 versions in PFP (picture for proof) collections.In May 2021  Christie's offered five digital works by Andy Warhol (found on a floppy disk) in the form of NFTs.5. An extremely favorable economic situationIn 2021  sales of NFTs contributed to the recovery of the global art market. This new category of work accounted for only 1.4% of global art auction turnover (with $232 million)  but the results for works by Beeple  Pak and Larva Labs awakened collectors to the possibilities of a less predictable and less well-oiled art market.https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021/key-results-in-2021Compared to last year  2022 appears to have started rather cautiously  although London hammered several excellent results  including a superb new record for René Magritte at almost $80 million  and a work by Chardin exceeded $26 million in Paris. But sales have not yet really started in New York. The month of May will therefore mark the real start to the year  with New York's prestigious spring sessions.It is in this context that the sale of Shot Sage Blue Marilyn (1964) will take place  with all proceeds going to charity.Image: https://imgpublic.artprice.com/img/wp/sites/11/2022/05/Andy-WARHOL-Marilyn-Monroe-FS-II-29-1629243005.jpgCopyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to c ontact our E conometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 770 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6300 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.7 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (4.3 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1813322/Artmarket_Marilyn_Monroe.jpgArtmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,mixed,0.5,0.15,0.35,True,English,"['five points', 'Artmarket', 'Warhol', 'Artprice', 'different radically innovative artistic techniques', 'Top 5 Andy Warhol auction results', 'Shot Sage Blue Marilyn', 'five best auction results', 'ultra high-end Warhol market', 'Artmarket.com group', 'Silver Car Crash', 'favorable economic situation', 'illustrious art dealer', 'Green Car Crash', 'Macklowe Collection sale', 'Shot Marilyn series', 'Post-War art market', 'successful Post-War artist', 'five digital works', 'global art market', 'best period', 'auction turnover', 'auction rooms', 'five reasons', 'successful artist', 'valuable collection', 'five portraits', 'five canvases', 'Nine Marilyn', 'Red Marilyn', 'Pop Art', 'Contemporary Art', 'thierry Ehrmann', 'new landmark', 'real risks', 'Salvator Mundi', 'exceptional characteristics', 'perfect timing', 'health crisis', 'first time', 'six years', 'annual turnover', 'Pablo Picasso', 'Jean-Michel Basquiat', 'Campbell Soup', 'Jackie Kennedy', 'color pieces', 'major museums', 'Pop colors', 'Triple Elvis', 'Four Marlons', 'creative decade', 'New York', 'colorful history', 'fetichized actress', 'performance artist', 'Dorothy Podber', 'young woman', 'commercial genius', 'American artist', 'beautiful pieces', 'legendary collections', 'Leo Castelli', 'Francis Bacon', 'Jasper Johns', 'Mark Rothko', 'Cy Twombly', 'fifteen years', 'many respects', 'numerous paths', 'tendentious relationship', 'Similar questions', 'proof) collections', 'floppy disk', 'new category', 'five works', 'Picasso painting', 'famous series', '$200 million threshold', 'modest result', 'Monday 9 May', 'Thomas Ammann', 'Pury NY', 'one painting', 'iconic work', '1,600 works', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'Artprice', 'conditions', 'place', 'record', 'Beeple', 'Caution', 'estimate', 'bidding', 'apex', 'prices', 'terms', 'third', 'world', 'friend', 'art-market', '500-artists', 'auction-turnover', '15 November', 'centerpieces', 'Sotheby', 'relaunch', 'sellers', 'creation', 'masterpieces', 'Mao', 'paintings', 'black', 'None', 'Christie', 'Men', 'life', 'Phillips', '1960s', '1950s', 'request', 'course', 'error', 'damage', 'incident', 'advantage', 'myth', 'Factory', 'appropriation', 'circulation', '4. Icon', 'NFTs', 'oeuvre', 'reproducibility', 'money', 'assumptions', 'rise', 'crypto-currencies', 'variations', 'theme', 'point', '10,000 versions', 'PFP', 'picture', 'sales', 'recovery', '3.']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4501,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/business/europe-launches-first-spac-focused-production-complex-drugs-2022-05-09/,Europe launches first SPAC focused on production of complex drugs | Reuters,"Europe’s first ""blank cheque"" company focused on acquiring companies that make medicines for the biotech and pharmaceutical industry launched on Monday  with plans to raise 150","May 9 (Reuters) - Europe’s first ""blank cheque"" company focused on acquiring companies that make medicines for the biotech and pharmaceutical industry launched on Monday  with plans to raise 150million euros.The company  named eureKING  intends to list on Euronext Paris and has identified about 40 targets that manufacture biologics  cell and gene therapies  or live biotherapeutics (biological products that contains live organisms  such as bacteria to prevent  treat or cure disease).Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterAs a SPAC  eureKING is a publicly listed shell company that raises funds to merge with a private company  taking it public without the scrutiny that comes with a traditional IPO.Its targets are contract development and manufacturing organisations (CDMOs)  which provide services to companies without the resources to do such work in-house.The top CDMO players  including Lonza (LONN.S)  Boehringer Ingelheim  WuXi Biologics (2269.HK)  Catalent (CTLT.N) and Samsung Biologics (207940.KS)  hold just over a quarter of the market. The rest is shared by more than a thousand companies  according to eureKING.EureKING CEO Michael Kloss  former head of Bayer’s diabetes business  said the company planned to swallow about three CDMOs that each make about 50 million euros in annual revenue in Europe over the next few years.The assumption  depending on the size of the targets  is to create a group that will reach an enterprise level of about a billion euros  he said.Eventually  the company hopes to build a one-stop boutique manufacturing network for European biotechs that don't need large batches of product and aren't necessarily prioritised by the big CDMOs.There are is a global need to scale up manufacturing to meet the burgeoning demand for advanced therapeutics  said Claire Skentelbery  director general of the European biotech industry group EuropaBio.Europe is not in the game on its own — the United States  India and now China have strong  growing manufacturing bases  she said. “In Europe  we need to make sure that we are shoulder to shoulder with the other major regions.”Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Natalie Grover. Editing by Gerry DoyleOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.07,0.86,0.08,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['first SPAC', 'complex drugs', 'Europe', 'production', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'one-stop boutique manufacturing network', 'strong, growing manufacturing bases', 'EureKING CEO Michael Kloss', 'first ""blank cheque"" company', 'European biotech industry group', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'top CDMO players', 'other major regions', 'a thousand companies', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'European biotechs', 'manufacturing organisations', 'a quarter', 'Euronext Paris', 'gene therapies', 'live biotherapeutics', 'biological products', 'live organisms', 'traditional IPO', 'contract development', 'Boehringer Ingelheim', 'former head', 'diabetes business', '50 million euros', 'annual revenue', 'enterprise level', 'billion euros', 'large batches', 'global need', 'burgeoning demand', 'advanced therapeutics', 'Claire Skentelbery', 'director general', 'United States', 'Natalie Grover', 'Gerry Doyle', 'shell company', 'private company', 'WuXi Biologics', 'Samsung Biologics', 'three CDMOs', 'big CDMOs', 'May', 'medicines', 'Monday', 'plans', '40 targets', 'cell', 'bacteria', 'disease', 'SPAC', 'funds', 'scrutiny', 'services', 'resources', 'house', 'Lonza', 'LONN.', 'Catalent', 'CTLT', 'market', 'rest', 'Bayer', 'years', 'assumption', 'size', 'EuropaBio', 'game', 'India', 'China', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards', '150']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,reuters.com
4502,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/business/europe-launches-first-spac-focused-production-complex-drugs-2022-05-09/,Europe launches first SPAC focused on production of complex drugs,1 day ago,"May 9 (Reuters) - Europe’s first ""blank cheque"" company focused on acquiring companies that make medicines for the biotech and pharmaceutical industry launched on Monday  with plans to raise 150million euros.The company  named eureKING  intends to list on Euronext Paris and has identified about 40 targets that manufacture biologics  cell and gene therapies  or live biotherapeutics (biological products that contains live organisms  such as bacteria to prevent  treat or cure disease).Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterAs a SPAC  eureKING is a publicly listed shell company that raises funds to merge with a private company  taking it public without the scrutiny that comes with a traditional IPO.Its targets are contract development and manufacturing organisations (CDMOs)  which provide services to companies without the resources to do such work in-house.The top CDMO players  including Lonza (LONN.S)  Boehringer Ingelheim  WuXi Biologics (2269.HK)  Catalent (CTLT.N) and Samsung Biologics (207940.KS)  hold just over a quarter of the market. The rest is shared by more than a thousand companies  according to eureKING.EureKING CEO Michael Kloss  former head of Bayer’s diabetes business  said the company planned to swallow about three CDMOs that each make about 50 million euros in annual revenue in Europe over the next few years.The assumption  depending on the size of the targets  is to create a group that will reach an enterprise level of about a billion euros  he said.Eventually  the company hopes to build a one-stop boutique manufacturing network for European biotechs that don't need large batches of product and aren't necessarily prioritised by the big CDMOs.There are is a global need to scale up manufacturing to meet the burgeoning demand for advanced therapeutics  said Claire Skentelbery  director general of the European biotech industry group EuropaBio.Europe is not in the game on its own — the United States  India and now China have strong  growing manufacturing bases  she said. “In Europe  we need to make sure that we are shoulder to shoulder with the other major regions.”Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Natalie Grover. Editing by Gerry DoyleOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.06,True,English,"['first SPAC', 'complex drugs', 'Europe', 'production', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'one-stop boutique manufacturing network', 'strong, growing manufacturing bases', 'EureKING CEO Michael Kloss', 'first ""blank cheque"" company', 'European biotech industry group', 'FREE unlimited access', 'Reuters.com Register', 'top CDMO players', 'other major regions', 'a thousand companies', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'European biotechs', 'manufacturing organisations', 'a quarter', 'Euronext Paris', 'gene therapies', 'live biotherapeutics', 'biological products', 'live organisms', 'traditional IPO', 'contract development', 'Boehringer Ingelheim', 'former head', 'diabetes business', '50 million euros', 'annual revenue', 'enterprise level', 'billion euros', 'large batches', 'global need', 'burgeoning demand', 'advanced therapeutics', 'Claire Skentelbery', 'director general', 'United States', 'Natalie Grover', 'Gerry Doyle', 'shell company', 'private company', 'WuXi Biologics', 'Samsung Biologics', 'three CDMOs', 'big CDMOs', 'May', 'medicines', 'Monday', 'plans', '40 targets', 'cell', 'bacteria', 'disease', 'SPAC', 'funds', 'scrutiny', 'services', 'resources', 'house', 'Lonza', 'LONN.', 'Catalent', 'CTLT', 'market', 'rest', 'Bayer', 'years', 'assumption', 'size', 'EuropaBio', 'game', 'India', 'China', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards', '150']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,reuters.com
4503,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.worldcargonews.com/news/lhyfe-launches-ipo-on-euronext-in-paris-68958,Lhyfe launches IPO on Euronext in Paris,1 day ago,1 day ago,neutral,0.05,0.89,0.06,neutral,0.19,0.67,0.14,True,English,"['Lhyfe', 'IPO', 'Euronext', 'Paris']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,worldcargonews.com
4504,EuroNext,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jcdecaux-wins-15-exclusive-advertising-154000745.html,JCDecaux wins 15-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract with Dresden in Germany  with a strong commitment on sustainable development,1 day ago,"JCDecauxJCDecaux wins 15-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract with Dresden in Germany  with a strong commitment on sustainable developmentParis  May 9th  2022 – JCDecaux SA (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announced today that its German subsidiary Wall won a15-year exclusive street furniture contract with Dresden  the capital city of Saxony. Effective from January 1  2023  this agreement seamlessly continues the existing partnership which started in 1991.The contract includes the installation and maintenance of 850 bus shelters and up to 450 free-standing City-Light-Poster displays including 70 digital screens in Dresden’s highly attractive inner city.Stephan Kühn  Deputy Mayor for Urban Development  Construction  Transport and Municipal Properties of state capital Dresden  said: ""By renewing our partnership with Wall GmbH  we are delighted to have chosen a high-performing partner for advertising rights and transport shelters in Dresden. In reassigning the contract  we strongly focused on sustainability and environmental protection. Our partner will thus commit to numerous requirements regarding the materials used for transport shelters  power supply  bird protection and use of detergents.""Daniel Hofer  CEO Germany  Austria  Central and Eastern Europe and Central Asia of JCDecaux  said: ""Dresden is an important economic hub in the south-east of Germany as well as a famous tourist destination attracting more than two million visitors yearly. We are very pleased to continue the long-term partnership with the city of Dresden  which started in the early 90’s after the fall of the Berlin Wall  with a strong commitment on sustainable development. With this contract  we furthermore pursue our successful strategy to focus on premium advertising networks and useful services to citizens in Germany’s top cities which offer unique and qualitative advertising opportunities to our clients.""Story continuesKey Figures for JCDecaux2021 revenue: €2 745m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (4.2/5)  CDP (A Leadership)  MSCI (AAA) and has achieved Gold Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com .Join us on Twitter   Linkedin   Facebook   Instagram and Youtube .Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 35 68 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.65,0.32,0.03,True,English,"['15-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract', 'strong commitment', 'sustainable development', 'JCDecaux', 'Dresden', 'Germany', '15-year exclusive advertising street furniture contract', '15-year exclusive street furniture contract', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Home Media company', '450 free-standing City-Light-Poster displays', 'Stephan Kühn', 'important economic hub', 'famous tourist destination', 'Gold Medal status', 'EcoVadis 1st Out', 'two million visitors', 'premium advertising networks', 'qualitative advertising opportunities', 'German subsidiary Wall', 'attractive inner city', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'state capital Dresden', 'capital city', 'advertising rights', '850 million people', '957,706 advertising panels', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', 'Wall GmbH', 'Berlin Wall', 'transport advertising', 'strong commitment', 'sustainable development', 'May 9th', '850 bus shelters', 'up to', '70 digital screens', 'Deputy Mayor', 'Urban Development', 'Municipal Properties', 'environmental protection', 'numerous requirements', 'power supply', 'bird protection', 'Daniel Hofer', 'successful strategy', 'useful services', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', 'extra-financial performance', 'A Leadership', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Communications Department', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'transport shelters', 'existing partnership', 'long-term partnership', 'high-performing partner', 'Central Asia', 'top cities', 'Eastern Europe', 'JCDecaux SA', 'Euronext 100', '3,518 cities', 'Germany', 'number', 'Saxony', 'January', 'agreement', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'Construction', 'sustainability', 'materials', 'detergents', 'CEO', 'Austria', 'south-east', 'early 90', 'fall', 'citizens', 'unique', 'clients', 'Story', '2021 revenue', '80 countries', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AAA', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'Attachment']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4506,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509005667/en/Success-of-Sopra-Steria%E2%80%99s-New-We-Share-2022-Employee-Share-Ownership-Plan,Success of Sopra Steria’s New We Share 2022 Employee Share Ownership Plan,1 day ago,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Sopra Steria Group (SOP  Euronext Paris [Compartment A] – ISIN: FR0000050809) (Paris:SOP) today announced the success of its new We Share 2022 employee share ownership plan  to which more than one in three eligible Group employees  and nearly one in two in France  subscribed.In February  Sopra Steria announced the launch of its new We Share 2022 employee share ownership plan in 14 countries  with the aim of giving employees a lasting stake in the Group’s development and performance.The plan included 200 000 shares – 100 000 shares purchased by employees and 100 000 free shares granted as Sopra Steria’s matching employer contribution – and was oversubscribed by more than 200%. It was carried out exclusively through the transfer of existing shares.During the presentation of the results of this plan  Sopra Steria Chairman Pierre Pasquier welcomed employee commitment to the company’s business strategy: “By making We Share a success  our employees have shown their commitment to being part of an independent Group  combining our entrepreneurial culture with our collective force.”Upon completion of this plan  holdings managed on behalf of employees represented around 7% of the share capital and 8% of voting rights  bolstering Sopra Steria’s position as one of the leading listed French companies when it comes to employee share ownership. After adding the shares held directly in registered form by current and former Group employees  these proportions amount to nearly 10% of the share capital and 13% of voting rights  thereby making employees the Group’s second-largest shareholder.Shares subscribed under the We Share 2022 plan were delivered on 5 May 2022.The features of this plan were detailed in a press release dated 24 February 2022.About Sopra SteriaSopra Steria  a European Tech leader recognised for its consulting  digital services and software development  helps its clients drive their digital transformation to obtain tangible and sustainable benefits. It provides end-to-end solutions to make large companies and organisations more competitive by combining in-depth knowledge of a wide range of business sectors and innovative technologies with a fully collaborative approach. Sopra Steria places people at the heart of everything it does and is committed to making the most of digital technology to build a positive future for its clients. With 47 000 employees in nearly 30 countries  the Group generated revenue of €4.7 billion in 2021.The world is how we shape it.Sopra Steria Group (SOP) is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment A) - ISIN: FR0000050809For more information  please visit our website www.soprasteria.com,neutral,0.42,0.56,0.02,mixed,0.27,0.23,0.5,True,English,"['2022 Employee Share Ownership Plan', 'New We Share', 'Sopra Steria', 'Success', 'new We Share 2022 employee share ownership plan', 'Sopra Steria Chairman Pierre Pasquier', 'leading listed French companies', 'We Share 2022 plan', 'three eligible Group employees', 'matching employer contribution', 'European Tech leader', 'consulting, digital services', 'Sopra Steria Group', 'former Group employees', 'share capital', 'employee commitment', 'large companies', 'digital transformation', 'digital technology', 'independent Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Compartment A', 'lasting stake', 'business strategy', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'collective force', 'voting rights', 'largest shareholder', 'press release', 'sustainable benefits', 'end solutions', 'depth knowledge', 'wide range', 'business sectors', 'innovative technologies', 'collaborative approach', 'positive future', 'Euronext Paris', 'software development', '100,000 free shares', 'existing shares', '47,000 employees', '200,000 shares', '100,000 shares', 'ISIN', 'success', 'France', 'February', 'launch', '14 countries', 'aim', 'performance', 'transfer', 'presentation', 'results', 'company', 'completion', 'holdings', 'behalf', 'position', 'current', 'proportions', '5 May', 'features', 'clients', 'tangible', 'organisations', 'people', 'heart', 'everything', '30 countries', 'revenue', 'world', 'information', 'website', 'soprasteria', '24']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4529,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-afarak-group-plcs-annual-064900957.html,Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General Meeting,08:00 London  10:00 Helsinki  9 May 2022 - Afarak Group Plc (LSE: AFRK  NASDAQ: AFAGR) Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General Meeting Notice is given to...,Afarak Group08:00 London  10:00 Helsinki  9 May 2022 - Afarak Group Plc (LSE: AFRK  NASDAQ: AFAGR)Notice of Afarak Group Plc's Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Afarak Group Plc (“Afarak”) of the Annual General Meeting to be held on 1 June 2022 at 2 p.m. the company´s headquarter  address Kaisaniemenkatu 4  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The shareholders of the company may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by presenting counterproposals and asking questions in advance. It is not possible to attend the meeting in person. Instructions for shareholders can be found in part C of this Notice.The Board of Directors has resolved on exceptional meeting procedures based on the temporary legislation (375/2021) which entered into force May 8  2021. In order to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic the company has taken precautionary measures enabled by the temporary legislation in order to be able to convene the Annual General Meeting in a foreseeable meaning  considering the health and safety of the company’s shareholders  personnel and other stakeholders.The aim is to keep the Annual General Meeting as short as possible  while ensuring that all legal obligations are fulfilled. The Members of the Board of the Directors or CEO will not participate in the Annual General Meeting and there will be no addresses by the Board or Management at the meeting.MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING:The following matters will be considered at the General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderAttorney-at-Law Mika Taberman shall act as the Chairman of the meeting.If due to weighty reasons Mika Taberman is not able to act as Chairman  the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as Chairman.3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesStory continuesAttorney-at-law Kalle Klemetti shall scrutinize the minutes and supervise the counting of the votes.If Kalle Klemetti due to weighty reasons is not able to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of the votes  the Board shall appoint another person it deems best suitable to act as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the list of votesShareholders attending the meeting shall be those shareholders who have voted in advance during the voting period and who in accordance with Chapter 5  Sections 6 and 6a of the Finnish Companies Act are entitled to attend the meeting. The list of votes will be adopted according to the information provided by Euroclear Finland Ltd.6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2021Since the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting  the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report  published by the company on 31 March 2022  are considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report are available on the Afarak website https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.7. Adoption of the Group annual accounts  income statement and balance sheet8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend from the financial year ending on 31 December 2021 is paid. As Afarak Group Plc has no distributable funds  no minority dividend can be demanded.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the remuneration report for governing bodiesSince the Annual General Meeting may only be attended through advance voting  the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies published on 9 May 2022 is considered to have been presented to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration report is available on the Afarak website https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. The resolution on the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and of the AuditorIt is proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Non-executive Board Members shall be paid EUR 3 500 per month. The Chairman of the board shall be paid an additional EUR 1 500 per month and Vice Chairperson shall be paid an additional EUR 1 000 per month. Non-Executive Board Members who serve on the Board's Committees shall be paid additional EUR 1 500 per month for committee work. Those members of the Board of Directors that are executives of the Company are not entitled to receive any remuneration for Board membership. Board Members shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work in accordance with the company's travel rules.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the company will pay the auditor's fee against an invoice that is inspected by the Company.12. Resolution on the number of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be three (3).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Dr Jelena Manojlovic  Thorstein Abrahamsen and Guy Konsbruck will be re-elected for the next mandate that begins from the end of the General Meeting and ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2023. Shareholders Atkey Ltd and LNS Resources Ltd  have expressed their support to this proposal and will vote at the upcoming AGM in favor of it. These shareholders represent 52.66 % of the share capital of the company.14. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting according to the recommendation by the company's Audit Committee that Authorized Public Accountant Firm Tietotili Audit Oy would be re-elected as the auditor of the company. Tietotili Audit Oy has proposed that the auditor with the main responsibility would be APA Urpo Salo.15. Directed share issuance without payment to the companyThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the General Meeting would decide according to chapter 9  section 20 of the Companies' Act to direct a share issuance without payment to the company itself. The share issuance consists of 15 000 000 new shares. The shares are of the same share series than the existing shares of the company and they have the same share rights as of their registration than the company´s existing shares.The shares which will be held by the company may be used among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes.The new shares will be registered into the Trade Register without undue delay after which the company will apply for the shares to be publicly traded on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy.16. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide upon share issue and upon issuing other special rights that entitle to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to issue ordinary shares and issue stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.By virtue of the authorization shares could be issued in one or more tranches up to a maximum of 250 000 000 new shares or shares owned by the company. This equates approximately 99 19 % of the company’s current registered shares. The Board of Directors would  by virtue of the authorization  be entitled to decide on the share issues and on the issuing of stock options and other special rights that entitle to shares.The Board of Directors may use the authorization among other things to raise additional finance and enabling corporate and business acquisitions or other arrangements and investments of business activity or for employee incentive and commitment schemes. The Board of Directors proposes that  by virtue of the authorization  the Board of Directors can decide both on share issue against payment and on share issue without payment. The payment of the subscription price could also be made with other consideration than money. The authorization would contain right to decide on derogating from shareholders' pre-emptive right to share subscription provided that the conditions set in the Companies' Act are fulfilled.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization replaces all previous authorizations and that it is valid two (2) years as from the decision of the General Meeting.17. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGAfarak Group Plc has published the Report by the Board of Directors  the Financial Statements 2021  the Auditor's Report  the Corporate Governance Statement and the Remuneration Report in English and in Finnish. The documents as well as this Notice can be found from the company website from address https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/. Copies of the above-mentioned documents and of this Notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.The minutes of the Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest from 15 June 2022.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGShareholders of the company may only participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation as well as by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.1 Right to attendA shareholder who no later than on 19 May 2022 is registered as the Company's shareholder in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register.A shareholder may only participate in the meeting by voting in advance or by way of proxy representation and by submitting counterproposals and asking questions in advance in accordance with the below instructions.2 Registration and advance voting servicesThe registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on 13 May 2022 at 10:00 am when the deadline for submitting counterproposals has passed. A shareholder who is registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance  shall register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by 24 May 2022 at 10:00 am by which time the registration shall be completed and the votes given.Requested information shall be given in connection with the registration such as the name  social security number  address and phone number of the shareholder. The personal data given to Afarak or Euroclear Finland Ltd is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.Shareholders who have a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the time period beginning on 13 May 2022 at 10:00 am and ending on 24 May 2022 on 10:00 am by the following means:a) Through the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.For shareholders that are natural persons  registration requires strong electronic authentication. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company's website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. After this  a shareholder can in one session register to the Annual General Meeting  authorize another person and vote in advance. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic suomi.fi authorization  registration requires strong electronic authentication from the authorized representative  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) Through email or mailShareholders may submit the advance voting form available on the company’s website https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ to Euroclear Finland Ltd by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu or by mail to Euroclear Finland Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki  Finland.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by way of advance voting  voting in advance is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information is given.Instructions for voting will be available on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest when the advance voting period begins.3 Using representative and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting through a proxy representative. Also the proxy representative of a shareholder may only participate by voting in advance in the manner instructed above.A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Should a shareholder participate in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy documents should be delivered to Euroclear Finland Oy by mail Euroclear Finland Oy  Annual General Meeting / Afarak Group Plc  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the last date for registration  by which time the proxy documents must be received.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic suomi.fi authorization service instead of a traditional proxy document. In this case  the legal person shall authorize the authorized representative nominated by the legal person in the suomi.fi service at suomi.fi/e-authorizations by using the mandate theme “Representation at the General Meeting”. In the General Meeting service of Euroclear Finland Oy  the authorized representative shall in connection with registration use strong electronic authentication and thereafter the electronic authorization is verified automatically. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. Further information is available at suomi.fi/e-authorizations and on the Company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.4 Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which he/she on the record date of the general meeting  i.e. 19 May 2022 would be entitled  to be registered in the Shareholders’ Register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary Shareholders’ Register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest on 27 May 2022 at 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the number of voting rights held in the meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest by the date stated above. In addition  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period for nominee-registered shares.Further information is available on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/.5 Other instructions and informationShareholders who hold at least one per cent of all the company’s shares are entitled to make counter-proposals subject for voting to the agenda points of the Annual General Meeting. Such counterproposals shall be delivered to the company by email to ilmo@afarak.com no later than 12 May 2022 at 2:00 p.m. The shareholder submitting the counterproposal shall present sufficient evidence on his/her shareholding at the date of this notice when delivering the counterproposal. The counterproposal shall be handled at the Annual General Meeting if the shareholder is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and if the shareholder holds at least one per cent of all the company’s shares on the record date of the Annual General Meeting. If a counterproposal is not taken to be handled at the Annual General Meeting  votes given for the counterproposals will be disregarded. The company shall disclose possible counter-proposals subject for voting on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest on 13 May 2022.A shareholder may ask questions pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act on topics included in the meeting agenda until 17 May 2022 at 2:00 pm by email to ilmo@afarak.com. Such shareholders’ questions and the management’s answers thereto as well as possible counterproposals not subject for voting will be available on the company’s website at https://afarak.com/investors/shareholder-meetings/ at the latest on 20 May 2022. Shareholders are required to present sufficient evidence of their shareholding in order to ask questions and make counterproposals.Afarak Group Plc has at the date of invitation  9 May 2022  in total 252 041 814 shares in issue and of which 252 041 814 have voting rights. The company holds in total 5 173 991 shares in treasury.IN HELSINKI  ON 9 MAY 2022.AFARAK GROUP PLCBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor additional information  please contact:Guy Konsbruck  CEO  +356 2122 1566  guy.konsbruck@afarak.comFinancial reports and other investor information are available on the Company's website: www.afarak.com .Afarak Group is a specialist alloy producer focused on delivering sustainable growth with a Speciality Alloys business in southern Europe and a FerroAlloys business in South Africa. The Company is listed on NASDAQ Helsinki (AFAGR) and the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange (AFRK).Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiLondon Stock ExchangeMain mediawww.afarak.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.06,mixed,0.16,0.31,0.54,True,English,"['Afarak Group Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Group annual accounts', 'exceptional meeting procedures', 'Law Mika Taberman', 'law Kalle Klemetti', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Afarak Group Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Financial Statements', 'Non-executive Board Members', 'The Remuneration report', 'Afarak website', 'shareholder rights', 'proxy representation', 'part C', 'temporary legislation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'precautionary measures', 'foreseeable meaning', 'other stakeholders', 'legal obligations', 'weighty reasons', 'voting period', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'governing bodies', 'Vice Chairperson', 'committee work', 'accommodation expenses', 'other costs', 'financial year', 'following matters', 'advance voting', 'minority dividend', 'Board membership', 'Directors’ Report', 'year 2021', 'Helsinki', '9 May', 'LSE', 'AFRK', 'NASDAQ', 'AFAGR', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '1 June', 'company', 'headquarter', 'Kaisaniemenkatu', 'way', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'Instructions', 'force', 'order', 'spread', 'health', 'safety', 'personnel', 'aim', 'CEO', 'addresses', 'Management', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'Chairman', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'Story', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Sections', 'information', 'Auditor', '31 March', 'investors', 'shareholder-meetings', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', '31 December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'month', 'Committees', 'executives', 'travel', '10:00']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4530,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-sinch-125000446.html,Notice to annual general meeting in Sinch AB (publ),8 hours ago,Sinch ABThe shareholders of Sinch AB (publ) (“Sinch” or the “Company”) are hereby summoned to the annual general meeting on Thursday 9 June 2022 at 10:00 (CEST) in the meeting venue Kungsholmen 2  Hotell Courtyard by Marriott Stockholm  Rålambshovsleden 50  Stockholm  Sweden. Entry and registration begins at 9:30 (CEST).The board of directors has  pursuant to  Section 4 of the Swedish Act (2022:121) on Temporary Exemptions to Facilitate the Execution of General Meetings in Companies and Associations  decided that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by post prior to the annual general meeting. Accordingly  shareholders may choose to participate at the annual general meeting in person  by proxy or through postal voting.Right to attend the annual general meetingShareholders who wish to attend the annual general meeting must:be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 31 May 2022 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the shares are registered in the shareholder’s own name for voting purposes by the nominee not later than Thursday 2 June 2022  andnotify their intention to participate according to the instructions under the heading “Attendance in person or by proxy” not later than on Thursday 2 June 2022 or submit a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading “Voting by post” below in such manner that Computershare AB has received the postal vote by Wednesday 8 June 2022.Shareholders with nominee-registered shares held via a bank or other nominee must request the nominee to register them in the shareholder’s own name in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to participate in the annual general meeting. As set out above  the nominee must have performed such registration with Euroclear Sweden AB by Thursday 2 June 2022. Therefore  the shareholder must contact its nominee well in advance of such day and re-register its shares in accordance with the nominee’s instructions.Story continuesAttendance in person or by proxyShareholders who wish to participate at the annual general meeting in person or by proxy shall notify of the Company of their intent to participate not later than Thursday 2 June 2022. Notification of attendance can be made:electronically through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com) by mail to Computershare AB  ” AGM of Sinch AB”  P.O. Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm by telephone +46-771-24 64 00  orby e-mail proxy@computershare.se.Notification is to include the shareholder’s full name  personal/corporate identification number  address  daytime telephone number  and  if applicable  the number of accompanying advisors (no more than two) who are attending the general meeting.Shareholders who do not wish to participate in person or exercise their voting rights by postal voting may exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting through a proxy with a written  signed and dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authorisation document for the legal entity must be enclosed.Voting by postShareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights through postal voting shall use the voting form and follow the Company's instructions that are available on the Company's website (https://investors.sinch.com) and at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm. A completed and signed voting form should be sent by mail to Computershare AB  “AGM of Sinch AB”  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm. Completed forms must be received by Computershare AB by Wednesday 8 June 2022  at the latest. The completed and signed form may alternatively be submitted electronically and is then to be sent to proxy@computershare.se. Shareholders can also submit their postal votes electronically with BankID through the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney shall be enclosed with the voting form. A proxy form is available upon request and on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or other authorization document shall be enclosed with the voting form.Shareholders are not allowed to include special instructions or conditions in the postal vote. If special instructions or conditions are included  such postal vote becomes invalid. Further information and conditions can be found in the voting form.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Appointment of chairman of the meeting3. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes4. Preparation and approval of the voting list5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination that the meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation of the annual report and the auditors’ report as well as the consolidated annual report and the auditors’ group report8. Resolution on:a) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet;b) appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet; andc) discharge from liability towards the Company of the members of the board of directors and the CEO (including deputy CEO)9. Resolution on the number of members of the board of directors and deputy members as well as auditors and deputy auditors10. Resolution on remuneration to the board of directors and the auditors11. Election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors12. Resolution on the principles for the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee13. Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives14. Resolution on approval of the remuneration report15. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares16. Resolution on amendment to the articles of association17. Resolution on incentive program 2022 and issue of warrants and employee stock options18. Closing of the meetingAppointment of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The Company’s nomination committee  consisting of Jonas Fredriksson (who represents Neqst D2 AB)  Ulrik Grönvall (who represents Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Tomas Risbecker (who represents AMF Pension & Fonder)  Andreas Hansson (who represents SoftBank) and Erik Fröberg (chairman of the board of directors) proposes that the chairman of the board Erik Fröberg  or  in his absence  the person designated by the nomination committee  is appointed as chairman of the annual general meeting.Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes (item 3)The board of directors proposes Jonas Fredriksson  who represents Neqst D2 AB or  in his absence  the person designated by the board of directors  as  in addition to the chairman  person to verify the minutes. Also  such assignment includes verifying the voting list and that the received postal votes are correctly reflected in the minutes.Proposal for the appropriation of the Company’s profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet (item 8 b)The board of directors proposes that no dividend is paid for the financial year 2021.Resolution on the number of board members and auditors  remuneration to the board members and auditors and election of members of the board of directors  chairman of the board of directors and auditors (items 9–11)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of six members  elected by the general meeting  with no deputy members and that the Company  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  shall have a registered accounting company as auditor.The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration shall be paid with SEK 700 000 to each of the members of the board of directors who are not employed by the Company and with SEK 1 500 000 to the chairman of the board of directors.Remuneration shall be paid with SEK 100 000 to each of the members of the audit committee and with SEK 250 000 to the chairman of the audit committee.Remuneration shall be paid with SEK 50 000 to each of the members in the remuneration committee and with SEK 100 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes re-election of Erik Fröberg  Renée Robinson Strömberg  Johan Stuart  Björn Zethraeus and Bridget Cosgrave as members of the board of directors and election of Hudson Smith as a new member of the the board of directors. The nomination committee proposes that Erik Fröberg shall be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors. The nomination committee intends to continue to work to find an additional member of the board of directors. Information regarding any such further nomination will be communicated separately.Luciana Carvalho has informed the nomination committee that she is not available for re-election as a member of the board of directors at the annual general meeting 2022.A closer presentation of the proposed board members (including the nomination committee’s evaluation on independence) can be found on https://investors.sinch.com/.The nomination committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendations of the audit committee  re-election of the registered accounting company Deloitte AB as the Company’s auditor and that remuneration to the auditor is paid in accordance with approved invoices.Resolution on the principles for the nomination committee and instructions for the nomination committee (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the election of the nomination committee for the 2023 annual general meeting shall be made according to the following model.The general meeting assigns the chairman of the board of directors to contact the four largest shareholders or owner groups in terms of votes (including both directly registered shareholders and custodian registered shareholders)  based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s extract of the share register as of 30 September 2022  of which each will appoint one representative to  in addition to the chairman of the board of directors  constitute the nomination committee until a new nomination committee is appointed in accordance with the instructions of the annual general meeting 2023. If any of the four largest shareholders or owner groups decline to exercise the right to appoint a representative  the fifth largest shareholder or owner group shall be given the opportunity to exercise such right  and so on until the nomination committee consists of five members.The majority of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company and the Company’s management. At least one of the members of the nomination committee shall be independent in relation to the Company’s largest shareholder or group of shareholders  in terms of votes  working together with the administration of the Company. The CEO or any another member of the Company’s management must not be a member of the nomination committee. Members of the board of directors may be appointed to the nomination committee but are not to constitute a majority of its members. If more than one member of the board of directors is appointed to the nomination committee  no more than one member may be dependent in relation to the Company’s larger shareholders.The nomination committee appoints the chairman of the committee among themselves. The chairman of the board of directors or any other member of the board of directors may not be the chairman of the nomination committee. The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months prior to the 2023 annual general meeting.If earlier than two months prior to the annual general meeting  one or more of the shareholders having appointed representatives to the nomination committee is/are no longer among the four largest shareholders  representatives appointed by these shareholders shall resign and the shareholders who then are among the four largest shareholders may appoint their representatives. Should a member resign from the nomination committee before its work is completed and the nomination committee considers it necessary to replace him or her  such substitute member is to represent the same shareholder or  if the shareholder is no longer one of the four largest shareholders  the next largest shareholder in turn  in accordance with the principles above  but based on Euroclear Sweden AB’s transcription of the share register as soon as possible after the date the representative left the committee. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee must be announced immediately.Remuneration shall not be paid to the members of the nomination committee. The Company shall  however  pay any necessary expenses that the nomination committee may incur in its work. The term of office for the nomination committee ends when the composition of the following nomination committee has been announced.The nomination committee shall fulfil the tasks set out in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code and shall present proposals for the following resolutions at the annual general meeting:proposal for chairman of the meeting; proposal for the board of directors; proposal for chairman of the board of directors; proposal for auditors; proposal for remuneration for the board of directors  divided between the chairman and the other members of the board of directors and any remuneration for work in the committees; proposal for remuneration for the Company’s auditors; proposal for principles for appointing a nomination committee for the annual general meeting; and proposal for amendments of the instructions for the nomination committee.The nomination committee has the right  at Sinch’s expense  to engage external consultants whom the nomination committee considers necessary to fulfil its task.Resolution on guidelines for compensation to senior executives (item 13)The board of directors proposes the following guidelines for compensation to senior executives. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting. The previous guidelines were approved by the annual general meeting in 2021. The changes made are primarily linguistic.The Company has not received any comments on the guidelines from shareholders.The members of the senior executives’ team are the members of the board of directors of the Company who have entered into an employment agreement with the Company or a group Company  the CEO  deputy CEO (if applicable) and other members of the senior executives’ team who report to the before mentioned persons. The senior executives’ team in the Company currently comprises 12 senior executives  including the CEO.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Compensation to the CEO and other senior executives must therefore reflect Sinch’s need to recruit and motivate qualified employees by means of compensation packages perceived as fair and competitive. The board of directors is empowered to depart from the guidelines below if in a specific case there is a special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability.In the preparation of the board of directors’ proposal for these guidelines for compensation to the CEO and other senior executives  salary and employment conditions for employees of the Company have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the board of directors’ basis of decision.Compensation consists of the following components:Fixed base payShort- and long-term variable payPension benefitsOther benefitsPay during period of notice of termination or resignationFixed base payThe fixed base pay must be market based and reflect the employee’s position  qualifications  experience and individual performance.Short-term variable payShort-term variable pay must be measured against predefined financial performance targets. Non-financial objectives may also be used to sharpen focus on achieving the Company’s strategic plans. Objectives must be specific  clear  measurable  subject to deadlines and adopted by the board of directors. They shall further be designed to contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. To which extent the criteria for awarding variable remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the relevant measurement period has ended.The remuneration committee is responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives. However  for variable remuneration to other senior executives  the CEO is responsible for the evaluation.Levels and targets for variable pay are suggested annually by the CEO for other senior executives and approved by the board of directors. Levels and targets for the CEO are defined by the board of directors. Short-term variable pay may not exceed 30 per cent of the fixed base pay  as management compensation should be focused on Long Term Incentives.Long-term variable payLong-term variable pay may encompass share-related incentive programs. These guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting. Accordingly  these guidelines do not apply to the Company’s share-related incentive programs LTI 2016  LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021  LTI II 2021 and the proposed LTI 2022. Each year  the board of directors evaluates whether a long-term share-related incentive program should be proposed to the annual general meeting. The purpose of offering a share-related incentive program is to ensure that the interests of senior executives coincide with those of the Company’s shareholders. Individual  long-term ownership among key individuals can be expected to stimulate keener interest in the business and its profitability  increase motivation  and enhance the sense of belonging with the Company and thereby contribute to the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability. Long-term share-related incentives also helps to retain and attract when recruiting new executives.Market based compensationThe Company has acquired high quality benchmark data from third party sources to secure that compensation to the CEO and other senior executives reflects what is offered to executives in comparable positions in other companies. Market rate is also secured through recruitment processes  in the cases where executives are recruited externally.PensionsPension benefits for the CEO and other senior executives must reflect customary market terms  compared with that which generally applies to executives in comparable positions in other companies  and should normally be based upon defined contribution pension plans. Retirement occurs at the relevant/applicable retirement age. Pension benefits may not exceed 35 per cent of the fixed base pay to the extent higher contributions follows from an applicable collectively agreed pension plan.Other benefitsOther employee benefits may  among other things  consist of health insurance and fitness/wellness programs. The costs for such benefits may not exceed 6 per cent of the fixed base pay.Pay during period of noticeAs a general rule  employment agreements entered into between the Company and senior executives shall be on an indefinite basis. If the Company terminates the CEO’s employment  the period of notice shall be a maximum of six months. If the CEO resigns  the period of notice shall be six months. A period of notice applies between the Company and other senior executives of three to six months  whether the employee resigns or is terminated. Fixed base pay and any severance pay during a period of notice shall not exceed an amount equivalent to the fixed base pay for one year.Compensation to company foundersCompensation to founders of the Company is subject to approval by the board of directors. Founders are excluded from the requirement of market-based pay  i.e. their compensation and benefits may be below market  as they are compensated through their ownership in the Company.Compensation consists of the following components:Fixed base payPension benefitsAdditional vacation entitlementPay during period of notice of termination or resignationIf a founder is temporarily covering another management position  the founder will be compensated during this period with a base pay equal to the person in the management team with the lowest salary at the time  excluding other founders.ApprovalChanges in terms  conditions and compensation to the CEO is subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors. Day to day costs such as travel expenses for the CEO are approved by the CFO  and quarterly summaries are sent to the chairman of the board of directors. New recruitments  salary changes and other significant changes for other senior executives than the CEO are subject to approval from the chairman of the board of directors  whereas minor adjustments  and day to day costs are approved by the CEO. Payout of fixed base pay is prepared by local payroll departments and are approved before payout by the local HR representative. Payout of short-term variable pay is subject to approval from the CEO as regards other senior executives and from the chairman of the board of directors as regards the CEO. Eligibility for share-related incentive program must be approved by the board of directors based on the proposal approved at the annual general meeting.Controls and decision-making processThe Company has a remuneration committee which consists of two members of the board of directors. The chairman of the board of directors is also chairman of the remuneration committee.The remuneration committee shall  in relation to the board of directors  have a preparatory function in respect of principles for remuneration  remuneration and other terms of employment regarding the senior executives.Consequently  the remuneration committee shall prepare a proposal in respect of guidelines for compensation to senior executives  which the board of directors shall present to  and which shall then be resolved upon by the annual general meeting. The remuneration committee shall also evaluate the application of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting.The board of directors shall at least every fourth year or upon material changes to the guidelines make a proposal on guidelines to be resolved by the annual general meeting.The guidelines shall be applied in relation to every commitment on compensation to senior executives and every change in such commitment  which is resolved after the annual general meeting at which the guidelines were adopted. Thus  the guidelines have no impact on already pre-existing contractually binding commitments. Guidelines resolved upon may also be amended by way of a resolution by any other general meeting.Further  the remuneration committee shall  within the scope of the guidelines resolved upon by the annual general meeting  prepare proposals regarding remuneration to the CEO and other senior executives. The remuneration committee shall annually evaluate the CEO’s performance.Further  the remuneration committee shall observe and evaluate programs for variable compensation to the senior executives which are ongoing or finished during the year as well as the Company’s current remuneration structure and remuneration levels.Furthermore  the remuneration committee shall annually prepare a remuneration report regarding the compensation to the senior executives. The remuneration report shall be made available to the shareholders on the Company’s website by the remuneration committee no later than three weeks prior to the annual general meeting. Within the scope and on the basis of the guidelines  the board of directors shall annually decide on the specific revised remuneration terms for each senior executive and make such other decisions on compensation to senior executives that may be required. The CEO or other senior executives shall not participate in the remuneration committee’s and the board of directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Compliance with guidelines is controlled annually through the following activities:Collection of documented annual targets for short-term variable payRandom samples of salary payout approvalsSample reports from payroll systems to identify any out of the ordinary payoutsThe results of the controls are summarized and reported to the remuneration committee.Resolution on approval of the remuneration report (item 14)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the remuneration report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on authorization for the board of directors to resolve on new issues of shares (item 15)The board of directors proposes that the meeting authorizes the board of directors to  on one or several occasions  until the next annual general meeting  resolve on new issues of shares to be paid in cash  in kind or by way of set-off or otherwise on terms and conditions and that such new issue can be performed with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights. The issues are to be performed on market conditions  taking into account any discount on market terms. The reason for the authorization and the reason for the possible deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to enable capital raisings for the acquisition of companies  or parts of companies  and for the operations of the Company. The board of directors is entitled to resolve on share issues causing an increase of the Company’s share capital of at most 10 per cent of the Company’s registered share capital at the time the board of directors first utilizes the authorization.Resolution on amendment to the articles of association (item 16)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolve to amend of the articles of association pursuant to the following:That Article 4 is amended according to the following:Current wording:The share capital shall be no less than SEK 2 500 000 and no more than SEK 10 000 000.Proposed wording:The share capital shall be no less than SEK 7 000 000 and no more than SEK 28 000 000.That Article 5 is amended according to the following:Current wordingThe number of shares shall be no less than 250 000 000 and no more than 1 000 000 000.Proposed wording:The number of shares shall be no less than 700 000 000 and no more than 2 800 000 000.That Article 8 be incorporated:The Board of Directors may collect power of attorneys pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4 second paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).The Board of Directors may before a General Meeting resolve that the shareholders shall be entitled to vote by post prior to the General Meeting. If the Board of Directors so decides  postal voting shall be possible by electronic means.That Article 9 be incorporated:Anyone who is not a shareholder in the Company shall  under the terms determined by the Board of Directors  have the right to attend or otherwise follow the negotiations at the general meeting.As a result of the addition of articles 8 and 9  it is proposed that the paragraphs in the articles of association is renumbered  whereby the previous article 8 will become article 10  the previous article 9 will become article 11 and the previous article 10 will become article 12.Resolution on incentive program 2022 and issue of warrants and employee stock options (item 17)Background and reasonsIn recent years  the Company has carried out multiple strategic acquisitions and has thereby significantly expanded its workforce  product offering and go-to-market capabilities. In addition  in order to support continued profitable growth and ensure strong execution through delegated responsibility  Sinch has recently implemented a new operating model with five (5) separate business units  each headed by a Business Unit President having full Profit & Loss responsibility and each being members of the Sinch management team. The recent acquisitions and new operating model  as well as recent volatility in the Company’s share price  implies an increasing need to attract  retain and reward senior executives and key personnel.Since the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding stock options or warrants.In view of the Company’s development and new operating structure  the board of directors have identified a need to implement a long-term incentive program (“LTI 2022”) for senior executives  key personnel and other employees in the group  in accordance with this proposal.The proposal has been based on the assessment of the board of directors that it is important  and in the interest of all shareholders  to create even greater participation in the group’s development for current and future senior executives  key personnel and employees of the group  including recent acquisitions. The board of directors also considers it important to be able to attract talent over time  to encourage continued employment and to maintain a satisfactory employee retention level.In view of the above  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to implement the LTI 2022 in accordance with items (a)–(d) below. The resolutions under items (a)–(d) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. LTI 2022 is proposed to include up to approximately 925 current and future senior executives and key personnel within the Sinch group.Proposal regarding the adoption of LTI 2022 (item (a))LTI 2022 comprises five (5) series. Series 1–3 consist of warrants (Sw. teckningsoptioner) to be transferred to members of the group management and selected key personnel in Sweden. The warrants of series 1 have a term of approximately 3.3 years  the warrants of series 2 have a term of approximately four (4) years and the warrants of series 3 have a term of approximately five (5) years  and the holders are entitled to exercise the warrants to subscribe for shares during a period of three (3) months before the end of the term of each series of warrants.Series 4 of LTI 2022 comprises employee stock options which will be granted to employees within the Sinch group outside Sweden.Series 5 of LTI 2022 comprises employee stock options which will be granted to employees (other than members of the group management and selected key personnel) within the Sinch group in Sweden.The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 25 000 000 warrants in total. Not more than 1 500 000 warrants may be issued in series 1–3 (of which not more than 500 000 warrants may be issued in series 1  not more than 500 000 warrants may be issued in series 2 and not more than 500 000 warrants may be issued in series 3). Further  not more than 23 500 000 warrants may be issued in order to secure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options to participants in LTI 2022 series 4 and 5.The right to subscribe for the warrants of series 1–5 shall vest in the wholly-owned subsidiary Sinch Holding AB (the “Subsidiary”)  which company shall transfer the warrants of series 1–3 to members of the group management and selected key personnel in Sweden  and hold warrants of series 4 and 5 to ensure delivery of shares upon exercise of stock options within the frame of LTI 2022 series 4 and 5. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants shall be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary.Below is a description of the terms and conditions for each of the LTI 2022 series 1–5.Series 1–3 – WarrantsThe Subsidiary will transfer the warrants in series 1–3 to participants at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium).Each warrant of series 1  2 and 3  respectively  entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the exercise period for each respective series at an exercise price corresponding to 130 per cent  140 per cent and 150 per cent  respectively  of the volume-weighted average price for the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm during the period from and including 25 May 2022 up to and including 9 June 2022 (rounded to the nearest full SEK 0.1  where SEK 0.05 shall be rounded up). However  the exercise price may not be less than the share’s quota value (currently SEK 0.01). Day without price quotation shall not be included in the calculation.The exercise periods for exercising the warrants for subscription of shares under each series are as follows:Series 1: from and including 30 June 2025 up to and including 30 September 2025;Series 2: from and including 30 March 2026 up to and including 30 June 2026; andSeries 3: from and including 30 March 2027 up to and including 30 June 2027.The issued warrants of series 1–3 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be subscribed for by the Subsidiary  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company  whereafter the Subsidiary shall offer warrants to participants. The notification period  during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants  shall indicatively start on 13 June 2022. Transfer of warrants series 1–3 to participants shall be made at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants (the warrant premium) calculated according to an established valuation model (the Black & Scholes model) and determined in connection with the first day of the notification period. The board of directors of the Company shall be authorized to postpone the notification period during which notice of acquisition of warrants shall be made by participants. Warrants shall also be available to future new employees. For acquisitions made by future new employees  the terms shall be the same or equal to the terms that are set out in this resolution. This means  inter alia  that such acquisitions shall take place based on the market value of the warrants at such point in time  and that the board of directors shall set forth an equivalent notification period for new employees whose acquisitions take place after the initial notification period. The valuation of the warrants shall be made by an independent appraiser or audit firm.Since the warrants are acquired by the participants at market value  there are no performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be offered to acquire warrants or in order to exercise warrants for subscription of shares. However  the Company will  in connection with the transfer of the warrants to the participants  reserve a pre-emption right regarding the warrants if the participant’s employment or assignment within the group is terminated or if the participant wishes to transfer its warrants.Series 4 – Employee stock options to participants outside Sweden (with warrants as hedging arrangement)Each employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions:The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option (however  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01)).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the first anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 25 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the last day of each of the following 12 calendar quarters (each a “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to an additional 6.25 per cent per calendar quarter of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of between four (4) and twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  and then divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will initially  in respect of the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of four (4) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  after which the measurement period will gradually be increased by one (1) calendar quarter at each Subsequent Vesting Date. The measurement period will however never exceed twelve (12) calendar quarters and will always end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months.The detailed terms and conditions for participants in LTI 2022 may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal.Series 5 – Employee stock options to participants in Sweden (with warrants as hedging arrangement)Each employee stock option entitles the employee to acquire one (1) share in the Company in accordance with the following terms and conditions:The employee stock options will be granted without consideration.Employee stock options may be granted to current and future employees of the Sinch group (other than members of the group management and selected key personnel) who work in Sweden.Each employee stock option entitles the holder to acquire one (1) share in the Company at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option (however  the exercise price may not be less than the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01)).Although the allocation of employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to  inter alia  position  responsibility and working performance  as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  there are no defined performance conditions that need to be fulfilled in order to be granted employee stock options. However  the employee stock options are subject to both performance and time-based vesting conditions as set out below.Provided that the holder’s employment within the Sinch group has not been terminated as of a vesting date  and that the applicable Performance Condition (as defined below) has been satisfied as of the applicable vesting date  the employee stock options will vest on (i) the third anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Initial Vesting Date ”) with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant  and (ii) the fourth anniversary of the date of grant (the “ Subsequent Vesting Date ”)  with respect to 50 per cent of the total number of stock options granted to a participant. The total vesting period  after which all granted stock options will have vested (as applicable)  is approximately four (4) years from the date of grant. The employee stock options become exercisable soon after each vesting date.In order for the stock options to vest  the Company’s consolidated adjusted EBITDA per share must  during a measurement period of twelve (12) calendar quarters as is further described below  have increased by an average of at least 10 per cent during such measurement period  where the change is measured as the sum of the relative change (year-over-year) in adjusted EBITDA per share for each quarter compared to the same quarter in the previous year  and then divided by the number of quarters of the relevant measurement period (the “ Performance Condition ”). The Performance Condition will  with respect to the Initial Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the date of grant  and with respect to the Subsequent Vesting Date  be measured over a period of twelve (12) calendar quarters  starting with the calendar quarter immediately preceding the calendar quarter ongoing at the first anniversary of the date of grant. The measurement period shall end on the last day of the last calendar quarter of the measurement period.If the applicable Performance Condition is not satisfied as of a vesting date  the stock options concerned will remain unvested and will immediately be deemed forfeited without consideration.Upon vesting  unless the employee’s employment within the Sinch group ends sooner  employee stock options remain exercisable for a period of five (5) years from the date of grant. In the event the participant is prevented from exercising employee stock options due to the EU Market Abuse Regulation or other applicable laws or internal policies  Sinch’s board of directors may prolong the exercise period for such participants with a corresponding period  however not longer than eight (8) months.Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc.The exercise price and the number of shares that each warrant or stock option entitles to subscription of shall be recalculated in the event of a split  consolidation  new share issue etc. in accordance with customary re-calculation terms.Allocation of warrants and stock options  limitations in the disposition over the warrants and the right to receive warrants and employee stock optionsThe participants’ right to acquire warrants or to be granted employee stock options is differentiated between employees with reference to inter alia position  responsibility and working performance in the group as well as participation and stock options or warrants held in previously established incentive programs of the Sinch group  in order to achieve an adequate total participation in incentive programs on an individual level. The participants have for this reason been divided into three (3) different categories:Category A (not more than 25 persons) – Members of the group management and selected key personnelCategory B (not more than 50 persons) – Business unit management and selected key personnel in recent strategic acquisitionsCategory C (not more than 850 persons) – Other personnelWarrants may only be transferred to members of group management and selected key personnel working in Sweden. A precondition for being entitled to acquire warrants is that the participant enters into a pre-emption agreement with the Company and that the participant acquires an equal number of warrants of series 1  2 and 3  respectively. Pre-emption shall be made at market value  to the extent that it does not cause adverse tax consequences. The warrants are otherwise freely transferable. The right to receive employee stock options of series 4 shall be reserved for current and future employees of the Sinch group who work outside of Sweden  and employee stock options of series 5 shall be reserved for current and future employees (excluding group management and selected key personnel) who work in Sweden.The below allocation principles apply to the grant of warrants/stock options within each of the categories set out above.Category Maximum number of warrants/stock options for each participant (including from previous incentive programs) Maximum number of warrants/stock options within the category Category A (maximum 25 persons) 800 000 5 000 000 Category B (maximum 50 persons) 300 000 7 500 000 Category C (maximum 850 persons) 150 000 12 500 000 Total maximum Category A  B and C N/A 25 000 000When calculating the maximum number of stock options or warrants for each category and participant for the purposes of the allocation principles set out above  the Company shall only include warrants and employee stock options that are or may become exercisable.In the event that all warrants and/or stock options within one or more categories are not transferred  such non-transferred warrants/stock options may be offered to employees in other categories. The maximum number of warrants and/or stock options per person within each category as set out above may however not be exceeded for any individual. Warrants may be transferred and stock options may be granted on one or more occasion.Neither the Company’s board members  nor the founders  shall be eligible to participate in LTI 2022.Proposal regarding issue of warrants series 1–3 (item (b))The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 500 000 warrants for subscription of shares  whereof not more than 500 000 warrants in series 1  not more than 500 000 warrants in series 2 and not more than 500 000 warrants in series 3  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 15 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.18 per cent of the estimated share capital in the Company as of the date of the annual general meeting  being SEK 8 331 966.88.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as described further above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants will be issued without consideration to the Subsidiary.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2022  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may assign warrants to a third party  or in another way dispose over the warrants  in accordance with the above.Detailed resolution proposals for each of the respective issues of warrants series 1  2 and 3  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  are set out in set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices).Proposal regarding issue of warrants series 4 (item (c))The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 21 600 000 warrants in series 4  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 216 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 2.59 per cent of the estimated share capital in the Company as of the date of the annual general meeting  being SEK 8 331 966.88.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including 9 June 2023 up to and including 9 June 2028  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2022  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with the above.A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants series 4  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices).Proposal regarding issue of warrants series 5 (item (d))The board of directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 1 900 000 warrants in series 5  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 19 000 at full exercise of the warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.23 per cent of the estimated share capital in the Company as of the date of the annual general meeting  being SEK 8 331 966.88.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only vest in the Subsidiary  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants as further described above. Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company during the period from and including 9 June 2023 up to and including 9 June 2028  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value (currently SEK 0.01). The warrants shall be issued to the Subsidiary without consideration.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI 2022  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Subsidiary may transfer warrants to a third party  or otherwise dispose over the warrants  in accordance with the above.A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants series 5  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants  is set out in set out in the board of directors' complete proposal (including its appendices).Market value of warrantsBased on a market value of the underlying share of SEK 40.0  the market value of the warrants of series 1–3 is  in accordance with a preliminary valuation made by PwC  respectively  SEK 7.6  SEK 8.1 and SEK 9.0 per warrant of series 1  2 and 3  assuming an exercise price of  respectively  SEK 52.0  SEK 56.0 and SEK 60.0 per share. The Black & Scholes valuation model has been used for the preliminary valuation of the warrants  assuming a risk-free interest of  respectively  1.10  1.24 and 1.42 per cent for warrants of series 1  2 and 3  and an estimated volatility during the term of the warrants of approximately 38 per cent.CostsGiven that the warrants of series 1–3 shall be transferred at a price corresponding to the market value of the warrants  the Company estimates that no social security costs will arise for the Company in connection with the transfer of warrants to the participants. Neither should any social security costs arise in connection to the exercise of the warrants.The employee stock options series 4 and 5 are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the employee stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for employee stock options series 4 and 5  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 211.0 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share of SEK 40.0 at the time of grant  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share during the term of the stock options of 38 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants  (iv) expected time to exercise in accordance with IFRS 2  (v) an annual turnover of personnel of approximately 11 per cent based on historical data  and (vi) that all vested stock options are exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection to the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 26.6 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(vi) above as well as an average social security rate of 5.3 per cent and an annual increase in the market price of the Company’s share of 15 per cent during the vesting period.Other costs related to the LTI 2022  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 2 million during the term of the program.Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI 2022 are estimated to approximately SEK 239.6 million in total during the term of the program.These costs shall be seen in relation to the tot­al employee benefits expenses of the Sinch group  which during the financial year 2021 amounted to SEK 1 837 million. Pro forma employee benefits expenses of the Sinch group including all acquired companies during the financial year 2021 amounted to approximately SEK 3 105 million.DilutionIf all warrants/stock options within the frame of LTI 2022 are transferred or granted to participants and if all warrants/stock options are exercised  up to 25 000 000 shares may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 2.9 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of the warrants  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 250 000. Together with warrants and stock options which have been transferred or granted to participants in LTI 2018  LTI 2019  LTI 2020  LTI II 2020  LTI 2021 and LTI II 2021 and which have not yet been exercised for subscription or acquisition of shares as of the date of this resolution proposal  the maximum dilution will amount to 5.4 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of warrants and stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the estimated number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of the annual general meeting  being 833 196 688 shares).Motivation in respect of series 4 stock option vesting and exercise conditionsAccording to the Rules on Remuneration laid down by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Sw. Kollegiet för svensk bolagsstyrning)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised shall  as a general rule  not be shorter than three (3) years and any deviations from this general rule shall be justified. As set out further above  vesting of series 4 employee stock options will start on the first anniversary of the date of grant of the stock options to participants  and on the third anniversary of the date of grant  up to 75 per cent of the employee stock options granted to a participant may have vested (provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled). Further  the vested stock options become exercisable soon after they have vested. The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Swedish Corporate Governance Board as set out above  is that the board of directors of the Company consider such terms to be in line with market practice for employee stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in series 4 of LTI 2022 operate. It is therefore  in the opinion of the board of directors  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of LTI 2022.Preparation of the proposalThis proposal in respect of LTI 2022 has been prepared by the Company’s remuneration committee and board of directors in consultation with external advisers.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rightsThe reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement LTI 2022.AuthorizationIt is proposed that the board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and Euroclear Sweden AB  and that the board of directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the incentive program due to applicable foreign rules and laws.Overview of outstanding incentive programsSince the Company’s IPO in 2015  the Company has implemented several share-related incentive programs  of which one program  LTI 2016  has reached full maturity with no more outstanding stock options or warrants. An overview of all outstanding incentive programs is included in the table below.Program Total # of shares at AGM/EGM Size of program Estimated dilution (%) Invested and subscribed Invested and subscribed / Size of program Exercised (to date) Exercised / Size of program Outstanding Outstanding / Size of program Exercised + Outstanding Exercised and outstan. / Size of program 2016 486 486 450 15 000 000 2.99% 12 157 000 81% 9 581 700 64% - 0% 9 581 700 64% 2018 536 020 890 15 000 000 2.72% 13 809 200 92% 5 378 850 36% 7 456 350 50% 12 835 200 86% 2019 536 020 890 5 100 000 0.94% 3 260 000 64% - 0% 2 410 000 47% 2 410 000 47% 2020 I 588 747 510 5 800 000 0.98% 3 281 000 57% 179 400 3% 2 652 400 46% 2 831 800 49% 2020 II 599 859 340 4 702 600 0.78% 4 228 890 90% - 0% 3 995 200 85% 3 995 200 85% 2021 I 650 235 020 3 230 000 0.49% 3 118 550 97% - 0% 3 010 360 93% 3 010 360 93% 2021 II 727 163 370 3 210 000 0.44% 3 049 919 95% - 0% 3 022 117 94% 3 022 117 94% Total 52 042 600 15 139 950 29% 22 546 427 43% 37 686 377 72% LTI 2022 833 million* 25 000 000 2.91% Note: The total number of shares at AGM/EGM  size of program  and estimated dilution has been recalculated due to a share split.* Based on 833 196 688 shares outstanding.LTI 2018. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2018 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue of not more than 1 500 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  1 500 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 1 380 920 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more warrants or employee stock options will be offered out of LTI 2018. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 9.13 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 7 456 350 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company may be issued  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.89 per cent.LTI 2019. An annual general meeting held on 17 May 2019 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for key employees and resolution to issue not more than 510 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  510 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 326 000 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 17.41 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 2 410 000 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.29 per cent.LTI 2020. An annual general meeting held on 15 May 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 580 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  580 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 327 800 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants and stock options series 1–6 is SEK 60.20 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). As regards series 7  stock options have been granted on three different occasions; in June 2020  November 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for stock options series 7 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 62.40 per share (984 000 shares)  SEK 104 per share (1 123 900 shares) and SEK 142.20 per share (300 000 shares) (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon full exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 2 652 400 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) will be issued in the Company  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.32 per cent.LTI II 2020. An extraordinary general meeting held on 27 November 2020 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for senior executives and key employees and resolution to issue not more than 470 260 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  470 260 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 422 889 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No warrants or employee stock options under the LTI II 2020 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal  and no more warrants or stock options will be offered out of LTI II 2020. Each warrant and employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price is SEK 136.10 per share (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) subscribed by exercise of warrants of series 1–3. As regards series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions; in November 2020  December 2020 and February 2021. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 104 per share (3 562 190 shares)  SEK 120.60 per share (97 510 shares) and SEK 142.20 per share (141 500 shares) (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 995 200 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.48 per cent.LTI 2021. An annual general meeting held on 18 May 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees and resolution to issue not more than 323 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  323 000 warrants were subscribed by the Subsidiary and 311 855 warrants and employee stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. Each warrant and stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for ten (10) shares each (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). The exercise price of warrants in series 1-3 is  respectively  SEK 140.07 per share  SEK 152.80 per share and SEK 165.53 per share. As regards series 4  employee stock options have been granted on three different occasions; in December 2021  January 2022 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for employee stock options series 4 (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 153 85 per share (1 312 300 shares)  SEK 158.65 per share (177 900 shares) and SEK 102.15 per share (1 291 590 shares) (each after recalculation due to the 2021 share split). Upon exercise of all outstanding warrants and employee stock options that have been acquired by or granted to participants  a maximum of 3 010 360 shares (after recalculation due to the 2021 share split) in the Company will be issued  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.36 per cent.LTI II 2021. An extraordinary general meeting held on 26 October 2021 approved the board’s proposal regarding an incentive program for members of the group management  selected key employees and other employees outside of Sweden  and resolution to issue not more than 3 210 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  3 022 117 employee stock options have been granted to participants. Each employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share. No employee stock options under LTI II 2021 have been exercised as of the date of this resolution proposal. Stock options have been granted on two different occasions  in December 2021 and February 2022. Consequently  the exercise price for the employee stock options (which shall be equal to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s share on Nasdaq Stockholm on the last trading day immediately preceding the date of grant of each stock option) varies and has been set to  respectively  SEK 102.15 per share (2 143 676 shares) and SEK 94.10 per share (878 441 shares). Upon exercise of all outstanding employee stock options that have been  or may be  acquired or granted to participants in LTI II 2021  a maximum of 3 022 117 shares in the Company will be issued  equivalent of a dilution of approximately 0.36 per cent.The dilution calculations above have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of outstanding warrants and stock options  divided by the total number of shares and votes in the Company after such issues (based on the estimated number of shares issued in the Company as of the date of the annual general meeting  being 833 196 688 shares).Majority requirementsThe resolutions under items 15 and 16  respectively  above are valid only if the resolutions are supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. The resolution under item 17 above is valid only if the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the annual general meeting.Available documentsThe complete proposals  together with ancillary documentation  will be made available at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm  in accordance with the requirements of the Swedish Companies Act and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address. The documents will also be made available on the Company’s website (https://investors.sinch.com). All documents above will be presented at the annual general meeting.A share register reflecting the shareholdings in the Company as of Tuesday 31 May 2022 and voting registrations of shares registered in the name of a nominee made not later than on Thursday 2 June 2022 will be made available at the Company’s offices  Lindhagensgatan 74  SE-112 18  Stockholm prior to the annual general meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationIf a shareholder at the annual general meeting so requests and  according to the board of directors  it will not result in material damage to the company or significant inconvenience to any individual  the board of directors and the CEO are obliged to provide information concerning conditions that could influence the assessment of an item on the agenda and conditions that could influence assessments of the financial position of the Company. This disclosure obligation applies equally to the Company’s relationship with other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances pertaining to subsidiaries as those referred to in the preceding sentence.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in connection with the general meeting  see the privacy notices of Euroclear Sweden AB and Computershare AB available on their respective websites: (www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf) and (www.computershare.com/se/gm-gdpr).Other informationThe Company has  as of the date of this notice  809 117 588 outstanding shares and votes. The Company holds  as of the date of this notice  no treasury shares.***Stockholm in May 2022Sinch AB (publ)The board of directorsAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.23,0.49,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Sinch AB', 'Notice', 'equivalent authorisation document', 'other authorization document', 'personal/corporate identification number', 'P.O. Box', 'annual general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'auditors’ group report', 'daytime telephone number', 'annual report', 'General Meetings', 'auditors’ report', 'meeting venue', 'Sinch AB', 'Thursday 9 June', 'Hotell Courtyard', 'Rålambshovsleden', 'Swedish Act', 'Temporary Exemptions', 'share register', 'Tuesday 31 May', 'Thursday 2 June', 'postal vote', 'Wednesday 8 June', 'accompanying advisors', 'legal entity', 'Completed forms', 'Further information', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'balance sheet', 'Computershare AB', 'voting rights', 'postal voting', 'voting purposes', 'voting list', 'voting form', 'dated power', 'other nominee', 'special instructions', 'nominee-registered shares', 'full name', 'proxy form', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Kungsholmen', 'Marriott', 'Stockholm', 'Entry', 'registration', 'board', 'directors', 'Section', 'Execution', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'intention', 'heading', 'Attendance', 'accordance', 'manner', 'bank', 'order', 'advance', 'Story', 'Notification', 'website', 'investors', 'mail', 'AGM', 'address', 'written', 'signed', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'offices', 'Lindhagensgatan', 'request', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Appointment', 'chairman', 'Election', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'profit', '10:00', '102']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4531,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.ledgerinsights.com/baton-systems-dlt-blockchain-processes-15bn-post-trade-daily/,Baton Systems’ DLT processes $15bn post trade daily for traditional finance,4 hours ago,Last December  HSBC and Wells Fargo announced they would start using a blockchain-based platform that builds on HSBC’s FX Everywhere to settle bilateral foreign exchange transactions. By that stage  HSBC had already used the solution to settle $2.5 trillion in trades within the HSBC group. The platform runs on Baton Systems distributed ledger technology (DLT)  and FX settlements is just one of its post-trade solutions.Baton Systems has big ambitions for its network as a decentralized financial market infrastructure (dFMI)  and it’s already making considerable progress by processing an average of $15 to $20 billion in transactions daily  which is growing rapidly.That figure includes another of Baton’s solutions  Core Collateral  that’s used to manage margins for exchange-traded and cleared FX derivatives . Users include JP Morgan and Citi  and the platform is linked to eleven CCPs  including ICE Clear Europe  LCH  CME  Eurex and SGX.According to Baton Systems’ CEO Arjun Jayaram more than 40% of the global margins for cleared bank derivatives move via Baton’s Core Collateral platform.And it’s just getting started. A top ten bank is being onboarded to a third solution  Core Payments  for netted settlements.Decentralized post trade railsJayaram’s vision is that Baton is building the post trade rails for the capital market of 2030. And on top of these rails is a variety of smart contract-based workflows – FX  collateral  netted payments and others.“If you think about wholesale payments  there are no rails ” said Jayaram. “What you have instead are venues  like the DTCC  Euroclear  CLS. And then you have counterparties. You have large exchanges like CME  Eurex  LCH (LSE’s London Clearing House). This is how assets are settled.”Instead  each of the participants has its own node on the network in a decentralized world. When asked how Baton’s network might compare to existing infrastructures  the CEO described it as something like a Visa plus a SWIFT. But in order for this ‘DeFi’ structure to take off  he believes it needs to be incredibly easy to have a node.“You can trade in microseconds  but you can’t settle like that ” said Jayaram. “You should be able to have a node. You should be able to mobilize your assets on demand  settle on demand with other people.”Market structure frictionsOne challenge in achieving decentralization is the market structure issue relating to central bank accounts. Baton Systems does not want to become a bank  but at some stage  it might need a central bank account.Today central banks only allow accounts to be held by banks in their jurisdiction. Hence  for a bank to transact in another jurisdiction  it has to use an intermediary  which adds friction compared to a decentralized P2P solution. It’s an issue that’s been recognized if central bank digital currencies (CBDCs) are to be used for wholesale cross border payments .But it’s not just a jurisdiction issue. It’s also the fact that only banks can have central bank accounts. Large central counterparties are not banks  and in a decentralized world  it would be ideal for them to hold central bank accounts. Baton Systems might also want one in the future. However  for now  it’s chosen not to apply for a UK omnibus account .How to regulate a dFMI?A second issue is how to deal with an infrastructure like Baton Core from a regulatory perspective? It’s not a Visa or Mastercard. And it’s not a bank. A key difference is it’s decentralized. The Baton CEO is engaged in frequent discussions with regulators and believes the regulatory landscape is likely to change in the next two to three years. He wants Baton to be ready.That’s one of the reasons behind the funding round on which Baton’s working. In 2019 and early 2020  it raised a $17 million Series A from venture capital firms. This contrasts with many peers who have secured significant strategic funding  which we can expect to see in the Series B. Given the transaction volumes  Baton has managed to use its capital efficiently. Other capital markets DLT startups have raised significantly more  such as Digital Asset ($307m)  Axoni ($90m)  and Symbiont ($37m  understated)  according to Crunchbase.A different approachWhile public blockchains tend to focus primarily on transactions  one of the things Baton has in common with these capital market providers is a focus on workflow. However  some other solutions use tokens  but Baton does not. Nor is Baton’s platform a blockchain. Baton Core is a proprietary distributed ledger technology (DLT) with smart contracts for distributed workflows.“I’m not selling a DLT platform. I’m selling extremely powerful market infrastructure rails and distributed workflows on top of it ” said Jayaram. “It just so happens it’s on a distributed ledger technology which makes it very powerful and very extensible because there’s no central party there.”“What makes it really unique is that we interoperate with the real world. We interoperate with the exchanges  nostro accounts  custody banks  CSDs where the assets are held and eventually CBDCs  digital assets and that whole spectrum of assets.”The platform also links to the core systems of a bank  including security systems  payment gateways  and post-trade systems such as Eurex or Calypso. “That is something that  as far we’re aware  no blockchain does ” said Jayaram.Until recently  Baton’s primary target was the top 15 global banks. Now it’s expanding its reach in banks and solution offerings.Make no mistake Baton’s CEO has a clear vision of where he wants to get to. “The power of our technology will be truly seen when we start to move a trillion dollars of asset values a day ” he said.,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,mixed,0.21,0.27,0.52,True,English,"['Baton Systems’ DLT', '$15bn post trade', 'traditional finance', 'next two to three years', 'Other capital markets DLT startups', 'Baton Systems distributed ledger technology', 'proprietary distributed ledger technology', 'Baton Systems’ CEO Arjun Jayaram', 'bilateral foreign exchange transactions', 'wholesale cross border payments', 'decentralized financial market infrastructure', 'powerful market infrastructure rails', 'Decentralized post trade rails', 'central bank digital currencies', 'ICE Clear Europe', 'London Clearing House', 'UK omnibus account', 'capital market providers', 'Market structure frictions', 'venture capital firms', '$17 million Series A', 'significant strategic funding', 'central bank account', 'decentralized P2P solution', 'market structure issue', 'The Baton CEO', 'Large central counterparties', 'cleared FX derivatives', 'smart contract-based workflows', 'top ten bank', 'Core Collateral platform', 'wholesale payments', 'decentralized world', 'other people', 'bank derivatives', 'central party', 'other solutions', 'DeFi’ structure', 'Digital Asset', 'funding round', 'Series B.', 'smart contracts', 'Core Payments', 'nostro accounts', 'central banks', 'Baton Core', 'Wells Fargo', 'big ambitions', 'considerable progress', 'JP Morgan', 'eleven CCPs', 'third solution', 'large exchanges', 'existing infrastructures', 'One challenge', 'second issue', 'regulatory perspective', 'key difference', 'frequent discussions', 'regulatory landscape', 'many peers', 'transaction volumes', 'different approach', 'public blockchains', 'real world', 'DLT platform', 'blockchain-based platform', 'post-trade solutions', 'global margins', 'custody banks', 'jurisdiction issue', 'HSBC group', 'FX settlements', 'stage', 'trades', 'network', 'dFMI', 'average', 'figure', 'exchange-traded', 'Users', 'Citi', 'LCH', 'CME', 'Eurex', 'SGX', 'vision', 'variety', 'others', 'venues', 'DTCC', 'Euroclear', 'CLS', 'LSE', 'assets', 'participants', 'node', 'something', 'Visa', 'SWIFT', 'microseconds', 'demand', 'decentralization', 'intermediary', 'CBDCs', 'fact', 'future', 'Mastercard', 'regulators', 'reasons', 'Axoni', 'Symbiont', 'Crunchbase', 'things', 'focus', 'tokens', 'Nor', 'CSDs']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,ledgerinsights.com
4532,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/in/news-releases/artprice-by-artmarket-com-the-metaverse-of-the-art-nft-market-with-35-years-of-unique-experience-in-virtual-worlds--846731325.html,Artprice by Artmarket.com: the Metaverse of the art-NFT market  with 35 years of unique experience in virtual worlds.,5 hours ago,"PARIS  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Based on available data for the first quarter of 2022  Artprice by Artmarket.com can confirm that the art-NFT phenomenon has become a durable part of the global art market on all continents  with an acceleration in sales and transactions in the second quarter of this year  primarily in response to the implementation of a more favorable legislative framework in the United States.In an article published in Le Monde on May 11  2022: ""The Art Market  despite a disastrous economic situation (editor's note: all sectors combined)  is extremely resilient""  says Guillaume Cerutti  Chief Executive Officer of Christie's  who applauds the auction in New York on May 9  2022 where a portrait of Marilyn Monroe by Andy Warhol becomes the most expensive 20th century painting in the world  reaching 195 million dollars and bought by the famous art dealer Larry Gagosian.Artmarket.com confirms that the analysis of Q1 2022 shows solid growth and suggests an exceptional year 2022  despite the economic situation.All of the art market's market-makers – notably the bulk of the planet's art auction operators – now have specialized NFT departments preparing cataloged and online sales on a permanent basis. Similarly  all the major museums and art galleries are creating and offering their own NFTs.The digital art created in the 1980s is finally coming of age with over a billion art-NFT enthusiasts actively pursuing creations in this medium at prices that are now very accessible.Artprice has already identified over 54 000 artists who are directly producing NFTs for their buying public  and this is only the very start of a major paradigm shift.According to sociologists  art historians and analysts  we are in the midst of major evolution that will definitively modify the structure of the art market as it has developed since the 1950s. This change is clearly confirmed by Artprice's art market analysts  particularly its econometricians.In its various reports on the Art Market  Artmarket.com has always indicated that it is impossible to understand the exponential growth of the NFT market without understanding the technological background to their existence. This 'history' includes Blockchain  cryptocurrencies and their cultural origin in the Cypherpunk community (period of data encryption – type PGP – at the beginning of 1990s).However  all players in the art-NFT market – OpenSea  Rarible  LooksRare  Nifty Gateway  Superare etc. – agree that the NFT revolution will ultimately take place in the Metaverse. In other words  it is illusory to envisage growth and a sustainable future for NFTs without the development of the Metaverse.The Metaverse is a set of virtual worlds. The term is regularly used to describe the future version of the Internet where virtual  durable and shared spaces are accessible via 3D interaction.Similarly  the Metaverse can be conceived as a set of virtual worlds connected to the Internet  which are perceived in augmented reality.Experts from the financial  economic  scientific and academic spheres are unanimous in considering the Metaverse as the natural extension of the Internet (Web 3.0).Ninety-five percent of the multinationals in Fortune's Global 500 ranking have Metaverse projects under development.These Metaverse projects now represent an economic and scientific equation that will either raise their business turnovers in a spectacular manner  or become a financial abyss  depending on the R&D choices they make.While Meta (Facebook) and Microsoft have retained colossal budgets for writing and coding virtual worlds  certain groups  and in particular Artmarket.com  are taking a different route which should make it possible to radically reduce the development costs of their Metaverses and become operational relatively quickly.Artprice by Artmarket.com's principal and founding shareholder is Server Group  an Internet pioneer since 1987  but also one of the pioneers of CGI hardware and software as of 1985.Server Group has owned a multitude of subsidiaries over the past 35 years and has acquired deep knowledge in the field of immersive video games and cinematic and televisual post-production. Appearing in the mid-1980s  the technologies in these areas are considered by the scientific community as the very first Metaverses.Artmarket.com's Metaverse project is built in its world-famous headquarters located in the heart of the Organe Contemporary Art Museum which manages La Demeure du Chaos  or the ""Abode of Chaos"" (as baptised by the New York Times).This Metaverse is revolutionary because it minimizes production costs and times and is based on the knowledge acquired by the Server Group from video game multinationals and film and network producers over the past 35 years (Studio Lumiere999® Paris/NY).For the record  the Abode of Chaos was created in 1999 (more than 23 years ago) by thierry Ehrmann  an artist/sculptor since 1980 (certified biography Who's Who In France in 2022).An open-air Museum of Contemporary Art occupying nearly 9 000 square meters  the Abode of Chaos is a unique museum circuit designed from its origin as a large-scale 'escape game' with elements of augmented reality.Among the nearly 6 300 distinct artworks there are 4 500 sculptures in raw steel – some weighing several hundred tons – as well as paintings  street art  engravings  installations  digital artworks and land artworks. The museum is equipped with a very powerful electronic network (optical fiber over 9000 m2  wifi 802.11ax  idO connected works of art  etc.).The Abode of Chaos and the Contemporary Art Museum that hosts it receives 180 000 visitors a year  of whom 25% come from outside France.Over the past 23 years the Abode of Chaos has been the subject of nearly 3 600 written and audiovisual press reports in 72 countries. It has also been exquisitely reflected in a major tome  Opus IX  a 504-page bilingual reference work that can be consulted free of charge online in PDF format as well as on the Issuu website  where it has been downloaded 37 million times (figure officially confirmed by a French Huissier SCP Mamet-Pons).In the international press  the Abode of Chaos has been described as an ensemble of distinct Œuvres and as an unavoidable and unique ""Factory"" with a place in Art History as one of the most significant artistic projects of the early 21st century.The Server Group and the Organe Museum have invested several million euros in this successful project  financed exclusively from equity capital after a solid IPO project (see Artmarket.com's universal registration document filed with the AMF  chapter 3.2.23).thierry Ehrmann – CEO and Founder of Server Group and Artprice by Artmarket.com – followed the example of major video game creators and film directors/producers to build the group's Metaverse based on 25 years of world famous physical creations.For the construction of its Metaverse  over the past three years Server Group has formed a number of alliances  notably with one of the main European spatial geometry groups  creating a European dream-team for 3D Design  Engineering  3D Lab and Scanner Surveys.Whereas Meta (formerly Facebook) is starting to build its Metaverse from scratch  Artmarket and Server Group is starting from the fundamental reality of 6 300 original art creations in reference to the contemporary art world - on a 9 000 m² site.This history has given us a substantial head start  saving both time and money  because the approach is completely different when you have undeniable global recognition for nearly 25 years.The technical specifications included the use/production of Faro Lidar 3D Scanner  Navis VLX  drones  Polygonal Ground Photogrammetry in a single reference and development system  and Augmented Intelligence processing to reveal the singular characteristics of the works and their architectural 'formativity'.Specialized spatial data engineers and surveyors scanned and digitized the 9000 m² of the Organe Contemporary Art Museum  including its multiple basements and elevations  and all of the 6 300 artworks. The result weighed 45 To and including the 27 years of post-production and digital production conducted by Server Group and its subsidiaries.The Group's Metaverse was therefore generated from a vast physical medium of which it is the both author and owner. This represents a huge asset in terms of intellectual property. Similarly  the explosion of avatars and the proliferation of virtual multitudes® are part of a narrative already written and scripted by thierry Ehrmann  and known throughout the world.While this ultra high-tech industrial process involving geometricians and spatial data experts required three years of field work (taking advantage of the COVID period)  this approach is very different from the interminable challenges facing Meta (Facebook) of building its Metaverse from lines of code.To understand the route taken by Server Group and Artprice by Artmarket.com  an analogy can be made with a well-known video game publisher whose Metaverse – based in medieval times – was constructed via an extremely detailed 3D scanning of several existing medieval European cities.The results of this work were excellent: with radically reduced production costs  top ranking in box office all over the world - its video game version substantially dwarfed its competitors positioned in the highly-prized 'medieval' segment.It is essential to specify that Artprice by Artmarket.com's Metaverse  whose head office is located in the heart of the Organe Contemporary Art Museum (which manages the Abode of Chaos) is practically complete. This work has required very substantial investments which have been entirely borne by Server Group and its subsidiaries and which have had no impact on Artmarket.com's balance sheets.Artprice by Artmarket.com's founding shareholder is Server Group  which is still by far the largest shareholder with 30.16% of the capital and 45.78% of the voting rights (Ehrmann family not included). Server Group took the industrial risk of investing in its Metaverse based on its confidence in Artmarket.com after 25 years as World Leader in Art Market Information.Under the regime of regulated agreements covered by Server Group at Artmarket.com  whose Metaverse project's profitability will be assured by low user costs because the costs associated with its R&D  and production are infinitely lower than those facing the multinationals who have started coding their Metaverses from scratch. Moreover  their projects are still to be concluded.Artmarket.com's upcoming NFT Marketplace will have an undeniable competitive advantage because the principal existing NFT platforms are facing time constraints  financial constraints  but also copyright constraints. As a result they do not really have successful Metaverses and may well be tempted to join Artmarket.com's metaverse. Artmarket.com which will aim to integrate them into its NFT Marketplace by providing them with its precious imprimatur.Indeed  OpenSea  the world's leading NFT platform  has itself declared that 80% of the primary issues of art NFTs are likely to affect the intellectual property rights of third parties. Faced with this observation  Opensea has announced it is considering solutions to counter this scourge and protect sellers and buyers. We firmly believe that the logical solution to this problem is the certification of the primary market by Artprice through its blockchain and its smart contracts.It is precisely in the primary issue of art NFTs that Artprice by Artmarket.com can achieve an extremely substantial turnover and profit.We are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket.com is the only company in the global art market that can veritably ensure the certification of primary NFT drops  bearing in mind all the underlying parameters and associated data.The ability to certify primary issues of art NFTs is based on Artmarket.com's position as the global leader in art market information and as the owner and creator of databases containing a quarter of a century of art market data. This databank commands global respect and authority and is backed up by the world's largest collection of notes  manuscripts and sales catalogs (going back to 1700) which guarantee the authenticity and historical credibility of its databases.Lastly  the study report from Dynata  the world's largest data platform for insights  activation and measurement  surveyed more than 62 million panelists and 4 billion insights (reactions from a consumer in the form of data) in 11 countries (United States  Canada  United Kingdom  France  Spain  Germany  Netherlands  Italy  China  Japan and Australia) and published its ""New Experience Economy"" report.The report highlights a very favorable conclusion for Artmarket.com and for its Metaverse  and for its shareholders: 51% of respondents indicated that their favorite virtual (i.e. online) destination is a visit to a museum  an art gallery or an art exhibition.With its Metaverse  which is the ultimate and unavoidable consequence of the NFT revolution  Artprice by Artmarket.com aims to be the most successful and highly competitive art NFT platform. Its Metaverse represents the assurance of an exponential and continuous growth of the art-NFT market. It will be accompanied by Artprice by Artmarket's Blockchain and its smart contracts  thereby allowing a fair remuneration for artists in tendum with copyright societies such as ADAGP to which Artprice has long been one of the main contributors.In addition  the long-standing registration of the artpricecoin.com DNS (.net .org...) and its trademarks demonstrates Artmarket.com's overall strategy  which naturally includes the creation of a specific cryptocurrency after regulatory approvals.The Artprice by Artmarket.com blockchain will mainly use Ethereum for its smart contracts but will remain open to payment in Bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies.Copyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 770 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6300 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.7 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (4.3 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgContact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.12,0.75,True,English,"['Artmarket.com', 'art-NFT market', 'unique experience', 'virtual worlds', 'Artprice', 'Metaverse', '35 years', 'expensive 20th century painting', 'La Demeure du Chaos', 'Organe Contemporary Art Museum', 'favorable legislative framework', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'R&D choices', 'immersive video games', 'famous art dealer', 'specialized NFT departments', 'billion art-NFT enthusiasts', 'major paradigm shift', 'video game multinationals', 'Studio Lumiere999® Paris', 'disastrous economic situation', 'art auction operators', 'global art market', 'The Art Market', 'financial, economic, scientific', 'New York Times', 'art market analysts', 'open-air Museum', 'NFT market', 'art galleries', 'digital art', 'art historians', 'Global 500 ranking', 'financial abyss', 'art-NFT phenomenon', 'major museums', 'major evolution', 'NFT revolution', 'scientific equation', 'scientific community', 'available data', 'first quarter', 'Artmarket.com', 'durable part', 'second quarter', 'United States', 'Le Monde', 'Guillaume Cerutti', 'Marilyn Monroe', 'Andy Warhol', '195 million dollars', 'Larry Gagosian', 'permanent basis', 'various reports', 'technological background', 'cultural origin', 'Cypherpunk community', 'data encryption', 'Nifty Gateway', 'other words', 'sustainable future', 'virtual worlds', 'future version', 'virtual, durable', 'shared spaces', '3D interaction', 'augmented reality', 'academic spheres', 'natural extension', 'Ninety-five percent', 'business turnovers', 'spectacular manner', 'colossal budgets', 'different route', 'founding shareholder', 'Server Group', 'CGI hardware', 'past 35 years', 'televisual post-production', 'world-famous headquarters', 'production costs', 'network producers', 'thierry Ehrmann', '9,000 square meters', 'The Metaverse', 'solid growth', 'exponential growth', 'exceptional year', 'online sales', 'deep knowledge', 'first Metaverses', 'Metaverse projects', 'development costs', 'Internet pioneer', 'PRNewswire', 'Artprice', 'continents', 'acceleration', 'transactions', 'response', 'implementation', 'article', 'May', 'editor', 'note', 'sectors', 'Christie', 'portrait', 'analysis', 'Q1 2022', 'market-makers', 'bulk', 'planet', 'cataloged', 'NFTs', '1980s', 'age', 'creations', 'medium', 'prices', '54,000 artists', 'public', 'start', 'sociologists', 'midst', 'structure', '1950s', 'change', 'econometricians', 'existence', 'history', 'Blockchain', 'cryptocurrencies', 'period', 'type', 'PGP', 'beginning', '1990s', 'players', 'OpenSea', 'Rarible', 'LooksRare', 'Superare', 'place', 'set', 'term', 'Experts', 'Web', 'Fortune', 'Facebook', 'Microsoft', 'writing', 'groups', 'principal', 'pioneers', 'software', 'multitude', 'subsidiaries', 'field', 'cinematic', 'technologies', 'areas', 'heart', 'Abode', 'film', 'NY', 'record', 'artist/sculptor', 'biography', 'France']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4533,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BONAVA-AB-PUBL-29787378/news/Notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-Bonava-AB-publ-40325354/,Notice to extraordinary general meeting in Bonava AB (publ),13 hours ago,"Shareholders of Bonava AB (publ) (""Bonava"")  are hereby invited to an extraordinary general meeting  to be held on Thursday 2 June. The extraordinary general meeting will be carried out only through postal voting in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. It will not be possible to attend the meeting in person or by proxy.ParticipationTo be entitled to participate at the meeting  a shareholder must:be listed in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 24 May andon Tuesday 24 May and give notice to the company of their intention to attend the meeting no later than Wednesday 1 June (the weekday before the extraordinary general meeting) by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below  so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 1 June.Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate in the general meeting. The shareholders' register as of the record date on 24 May 2022 will include voting registrations made no later than 27 May 2022 . Therefore  shareholders should inform their nominees well in advance before this date.Postal votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance  through so called postal voting in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A designated form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on Bonava's website  www.bonava.com/en/general-meeting/extra-general-meeting-2022 and will be sent free of charge for the recipient to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The postal voting form is considered as the notification of participation at the extraordinary general meeting.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB (being the administrator of the forms for Bonava)  no later than on 1 June 2022 . The completed form shall be sent to Bonava AB   c/o Euroclear Sweden AB   P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden . The completed form may alternatively be submitted electronically either through BankID signing as per instructions available on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or through sending the completed voting form by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference ""Bonava extraordinary general meeting 2022"").If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. The proxy form is available at www.bonava.com/en/general-meeting/extra-general-meeting-2022  and will be sent free of charge for the recipient to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed with the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.Proposed agendaElection of chairman of the meeting Drawing up and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of two persons to check the minutes  in addition to the chairman Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Resolutions regarding: long-term performance-based incentive plan  and transfer of shares of series B in Bonava under the incentive plan________________________________________________________________________ProposalsItem 1:The board proposes Mats Jönsson as chairman of the meeting.Item 2:The voting list which is proposed to be approved under item 2 shall be the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB at the request of the company based on the meeting's share register and postal votes received. The list shall be controlled by the persons verifying the minutes.Item 4:The board of directors proposes that (A) Johannes Wingborg representative of Länsförsäkringar Fonder and (B) Oskar Börjesson   representative of Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia ömsesidig  or  if any or both of them are unable to attend the meeting  any of the persons assigned by the board of directors  shall verify the minutes. The persons verifying the minutes shall also check the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reflected in the minutes.Item 6:The board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves on a long-term performance-based incentive plan (LTIP 2022) for Bonava AB (publ) (""Bonava"") and on transfer of shares of series B in Bonava in accordance with items A and B below. Participation in LTIP 2022 requires own shareholding in Bonava.A. LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE PLAN1.1 LTIP 2022 in briefThe primary reason for implementing a long-term performance-based incentive plan is to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the executive management and other key personnel to ensure maximum long-term value creation. The LTIP 2022 provides a long-term group-wide focus on value growth among the participants. The incentive plan is also considered to facilitate Bonava's recruitment and retention of executive management and other key personnel. The synthetic shares allow participants to pay the tax resulting from the allotment of shares as a result of the LTIP 2022 without having to immediately divest the shares.The incentive plan runs for three years. To participate in the LTIP 2022  an own shareholding in Bonava-shares is required. Following the defined vesting period  the participants will  free of charge  be partly allocated shares of series B in Bonava  partly receive a cash compensation corresponding to the share price of the Bonava-share at the time of payment  provided that certain conditions are fulfilled.1.2 Participants in LTIP 2022The LTIP 2022 comprises approximately 45 employees consisting of members of the executive management and certain key personnel within the Bonava group  divided into four categories. The first category comprises Bonava's Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  the second category comprises the executive management  the third category comprises regional heads  and the fourth category comprises employees who are responsible for certain functions in Bonava. New personnel that have been recruited but not yet commenced their employment with the Bonava group when the notification of participation in the plan must take place  can be offered participation on the condition that their employment starts.1.3 The personal investment and allotment of share rights and synthetic sharesTo participate in the LTIP 2022  the participant must invest in a personal shareholding in Bonava (""Investment Shares"")  which shall be allocated to the LTIP 2022. The Investment Shares shall be acquired specifically for the LTIP 2022  or alternatively  for participants who fulfil Bonava's shareholding recommendation below  an existing shareholding that does not constitute Investment Shares in another ongoing LTIP may be used as Investment Shares. The participant can invest a maximum of one months' salary (according to salary levels on 1 January 2022 ) before taxes in the LTIP 2022. The investment can be made at any of the following investment levels: 50 or 100% of the maximum investment. For the first category  each Investment Share entitles to 2.25 share rights and 2.25 synthetic shares  for the second category of participants  each Investment Share entitles to 1.8 share rights and 1.8 synthetic shares  for the third category  each Investment Share entitles to 1.35 share rights and 1.35 synthetic shares  and for the fourth category  each Investment Share entitles to 0.9 share right and 0.9 synthetic share. The share rights and the synthetic share are divided into performance share rights and matching share rights as further specified under the heading ""Terms for share rights and synthetic shares"" below.Participants in Bonava's LTI programs are recommended to  by way of allocation of LTI shares and personal investments  over time accumulate and retain shares in Bonava to the extent that their respective shareholdings amount to a value corresponding to at least six (6) months' salary before taxes. For the CEO the recommendation is instead a shareholding corresponding to at least twelve (12) month's salary before taxes.1.4 Terms for share rights and synthetic sharesThe share rights are allocated free of charge a certain time after the extraordinary general meeting.The share rights or the synthetic shares may not be transferred or pledged.Each share right may entitle the holder the right to receive a B-share in the company free of charge after the disclosure of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2025.Each synthetic share may entitle the holder the right to  at the same time  receive a cash payment corresponding to the share price of the Bonava B-share at the time of payment.The right to receive shares of series B pursuant to the share rights and the right to receive cash payment pursuant to the synthetic shares requires that the participant has not sold any of the Investment Shares and  with some limited exceptions  that the participant remains employed within the Bonava group until the publication of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2025.The share rights and the synthetic shares are divided into performance share rights and matching share rights. One-ninth of all share rights and synthetic shares the participant is allotted in total shall be matching share rights (i.e. the number of matching share rights corresponds to one-eight of the number of performance share rights)  for which no target fulfilment is required other than retained shareholding and continued employment in accordance with the paragraph above.Allocation of shares of series B and payment of cash compensation under the performance share rights also requires that Bonava fulfils the performance targets as described under the heading ""Performance targets"" below.In order to align the participants' interests with those of the shareholders  Bonava will compensate the participants if Bonava's dividends  viewed over the whole vesting period  exceed the level stipulated in the company's dividend policy. Dividend compensation is made in relation to the shares of series B and the cash payment that the participants receive.1.5 Performance targetsAllocation of shares of series B and payment of cash compensation under the performance share rights require fulfilment of two performance targets. The following applies to the performance share rights; 60% shall refer to target 1 (EBT) and 40% shall refer to target 2 (absolute TSR).Target 1 The performance target is related to Bonava's accumulated operating profit (EBT) during the period 2022-2024. The minimum level for the performance target shall amount to an accumulated operating profit of SEK 3.0 billion and the maximum level to an accumulated operating profit of SEK 3.7 billion . Where the level of fulfilment is between the minimum and the maximum level  the outcome will be calculated on a linear basis and the allocation  and payment of cash compensation  respectively  will be made based on achieved outcome.Target 2 The performance target is related to the total shareholder return (TSR)[1] on Bonava's shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a certain measurement period (see below). The minimum level for the performance target shall amount to a TSR of 20 % over a little less than three years (based on an annual TSR of 6.2 %) and the maximum level for the performance target shall amount to a TSR of 90 % over a little less than three years (based on an annual TSR of 23.9 %). Where the level of fulfilment is in line with the minimum level  allocation and payment of cash compensation will be made corresponding to 1/4 of the maximum allocation for the performance target. Where the level of fulfilment is between the minimum and the maximum level  the outcome will be calculated on a linear basis and the allocation will be made based on achieved outcome.The measurement period for measuring absolute TSR (Target 2) shall be the following. The starting value shall be the volume weighted average price on the company's shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five (5) days of trading following the publication of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2022 and the end value shall be the volume weighted average price on the company's shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five (5) days of trading following the publication of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2025.1.6 Formulation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for the formulation and administration of the LTIP 2022  within the scope of terms and guidelines set out. The board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments  including to modify the allocation between share rights and synthetic shares  to fulfil specific regulations or market prerequisites in other jurisdictions. The board of directors shall be entitled to introduce an alternative long-term incentive plan for participants of LTIP 2022 employed in such countries where participation in LTIP 2022 is not appropriate. If material changes occur in the Bonava group or in its business environment  that would entail that the decided terms for allocation and the possibility to exercise the share rights or the synthetic shares in accordance with the LTIP 2022 no longer are appropriate  the board of directors shall be entitled to make other adjustments. Before finally determining allocation of shares of series B on the basis of the share rights and the payment of cash compensation on the basis of the synthetic shares  the board of directors shall assess whether the outcome of the LTIP 2022 is reasonable. This assessment is made in relation to Bonava's financial earnings and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances. If the board of directors assesses that the outcome is not reasonable  the board of directors shall reduce the number of shares of series B to be allocated and decrease the cash compensation to be paid.1.7 ScopeThe maximum number of shares of series B in Bonava which may be allocated under the LTIP 2022 shall be limited to 190 760 shares which represents approximately 0.18 % of all shares and approximately 0.09 % of all votes in the company. The cash payment may as maximum be based on 190 760 synthetic shares in which the value of a synthetic share is based on the share price of the shares of series B in Bonava at the time of payment. The number of shares of series B and the cash payment respectively included in the LTIP 2022 shall  in accordance with the detailed conditions that the board of directors stipulates be subject to recalculation if Bonava implements a bonus issue  a reversed share split or a share split  a rights issue  compensation for divided or similar actions  taking into account customary practice for similar incentive plans.1.8 HedgingThe board of directors has considered two alternative hedging methods for the LTIP 2022; either a hedging arrangement (equity swap) with a bank securing delivery of shares of series B under the plan or transfer of shares of series B in Bonava to entitled participants in the LTIP 2022. The board of directors considers the latter alternative to be preferable. The board of directors has therefore proposed that the extraordinary general meeting shall resolve on transfer of shares of series B in Bonava that are held by the company (see item B below). Should the extraordinary general meeting  however  not approve of the board of directors' proposal  the board of directors may enter into the hedging arrangement described above with a bank to secure the obligation of the company to deliver shares of series B under the plan.1.9 Costs under the planBased on the assumption of a share price of SEK 46 33 at the time of investment  all persons who have been offered to participate in the plan participates and that they make a maximum investment  that all participants stay in the plan until allocation and payment and that the maximum amount of shares are paid  the estimated total cost for LTIP 2022  including estimated cost for social security contributions  is approximately MSEK 25. The cost is equivalent to the value of approximately 0 5 % of Bonava's market capitalization based on the average closing price for shares of series B Bonava between 2 May - 6 May 2022 . Assuming a positive share price development of 20% during the duration of the program  the cost increases to MSEK 29  which corresponds to approximately 0 6 % of Bonava's market capitalization.The annual cost of LTIP 2022  including social security contributions  is estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 8 in accordance with the conditions above which corresponds to 0.48% of Bonava's total staff costs  including social security contributions for the 2021.LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2  meaning that the share rights shall be charged as staff costs and recognised during the vesting period. Furthermore  this means that the synthetic shares' fair value at the time of allocation shall be charged as a staff cost and recognised during the vesting period and constantly be revalued at each reporting date.1.10 Effects on important key ratiosThe estimated annual cost for LTIP 2022 of MSEK 8 (based on the assumptions above) corresponds on a pro-forma basis for 2021 a negative effect on Bonava's operating margin of approximately 0.05 percentage points and a decrease of earnings per share of approximately SEK 0.06 . However  the board of directors considers that the positive effects on Bonava's financial performance which are expected from an increased commitment  lock-in and shareholding by the participants as well as from the possibility to be allocated further shares under the program  outweighs the costs related to the LTIP 2022.1.11 The preparation of the proposalThe LTIP 2022 has been processed at board meetings and prepared in accordance with the guidelines adopted to be applied in LTIP 2021.1.12 Other incentive plans in BonavaThere are share-related incentive plans that has previously been implemented in Bonava  LTIP 2019  LTIP 2020 and LTIP 2021  see note 4 in Bonava's 2021 annual report  which is available at Bonava's website  bonava.com .1.13 The proposal by the board of directors.Referring to the description above  the board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves on the LTIP 2022.1.14 Majority requirementsA resolution to introduce the LTIP 2022 in accordance with the board of directors' proposal is valid when supported by shareholders holding more than half of the votes cast at the extraordinary general meeting.B. TRANSFER OF SHARES OF SERIES B IN BONAVA UNDER THE INCENTIVE PLANThe board of directors' proposal on a resolution to transfer shares of series B in Bonava as set out below  provides that the extraordinary general meeting first has resolved on a long-term performance-based incentive plan (LTIP 2022) in accordance with item A above.2.1 Transfer of shares of series B in Bonava to participants in the LTIP 2022The board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to transfer shares of series B in the company in accordance with the following.** Not more than 190 760 shares of series B in Bonava may be transferred (or the higher number of shares of series B due to recalculation as a result of a bonus issue  a reversed share split or a share split  rights issue  compensation for divided or similar actions).** The shares of series B may be transferred to participants in the LTIP 2022 who under the terms for the LTIP 2022 are entitled to receive shares.** Transfer of shares of series B shall be made at the time and otherwise according to the terms pursuant to the LTIP 2022.The reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the transfer of shares of series B is part of the execution of the LTIP 2022. Therefore  the board of directors considers the transfer of shares of series B in accordance with the proposal to benefit the company.Special majority requirementsA resolution by the extraordinary general meeting in accordance with item 6 B above is valid when supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the votes casted and the shares represented at the general meeting.Shares and votesAt the day of this notice the total number of shares in the company amounts to 108 435 822 shares  of which 11 304 982 are shares of series A and 97 130 840 are shares of series B. Each share of series A represents ten (10) votes and each share of series B represents one (1) vote. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 210 180 660 votes at the day of this notice. The company owns 1 245 355 own shares of series B at the day of publication of this notice  corresponding to 1 245 355 votes  which cannot be represented at the meeting.Shareholder's right to request informationThe board and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board believes that it can be done without material harm to Bonava  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or the company's relationship with other companies within the group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Bonava AB   Att: the board of directors  Lindhagensgatan 72  Stockholm or by e-mail to bolagsstamma@bonava.com   no later than on 23 May 2022 . The information will be provided by being kept available at the company and on the company's website  www.bonava.com/en/general-meeting/extra-general-meeting-2022  no later than on 28 May 2022 . Within the same period of time  the information will also be sent to the shareholders who so request and state their postal or email address.Processing of personal dataAll processing of personal data in connection with the general meeting is conducted by Bonava and Euroclear Sweden AB in accordance with the following GDPR-policy: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfDocumentationThe board of directors' complete proposals are included in the notice. The notice  postal voting form and proxy form is on the company's website and will also be sent to the shareholders who so request and state their postal or email address.____________________Stockholm in May 2022Bonava AB (publ)The Board of Directors[1] Including re-invested dividends.https://news.cision.com/bonava-group/r/notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-bonava-ab--publ- c3563779https://mb.cision.com/Main/13957/3563779/1577266.pdf",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'Bonava AB', 'Notice', 'Länsförsäkringar Fonder', 'A. LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE PLAN', 'Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia', 'A) Johannes Wingborg', 'Bonava extraordinary general meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Mats Jönsson', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Oskar Börjesson', 'postal voting form', 'general meetings', 'series B', 'Bonava AB', 'voting registrations', 'voting rights', 'postal address', 'postal votes', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'BankID signing', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'share register', 'voting list', 'designated form', 'completed form', 'Thursday 2 June', 'Wednesday 1 June', 'Tuesday 24 May', 'record date', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', ""shareholders' register"", 'chairman Determination', 'two persons', 'proxy form', 'advance vote', 'agenda Election', '27 May', 'publ', 'accordance', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'Participation', 'notice', 'company', 'intention', 'heading', 'shares', 'name', 'order', 'nominees', 'website', 'general-meeting', 'charge', 'recipient', 'notification', 'administrator', 'forms', 'Stockholm', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'approval', 'minutes', 'addition', 'Resolutions', 'transfer', 'Proposals', 'Item', 'board', 'request', 'directors', 'representative', 'LTIP', 'shareholding', 'brief', '101']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,marketscreener.com
4534,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B5+AMERIPRISE+FINANCIAL/20046579.html,Form 424B5 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL,8 hours ago,named in your prospectus supplement; if none is named  the depositary will be DTC and the global security will be registered  at the request of DTC  in the name of Cede & Co.A global security may represent one or any other number of individual securities. Generally  all securities represented by the same global security will have the same terms. We may  however  issue a global security that represents multiple securities of the same kind  such as debt securities  that have different terms and are issued at different times. This kind of global security is called a master global security.A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee  unless special termination situations arise. We describe those situations below under “— Holder’s Option to Obtain a Non-Global Security; Special Situations When a Global Security Will Be Terminated.” As a result of these arrangements  the depositary  or its nominee  will be the sole registered owner and holder of all securities represented by a global security  and investors will be permitted to own only indirect interests in a global security. Indirect interests must be held by means of an account with a broker  bank or other financial institution that in turn has an account with the depositary or with another institution that does. Thus  an investor whose security is represented by a global security will not be a holder of the security  but only an indirect owner of an interest in the global security.If the prospectus supplement for a particular security indicates that the security will be issued in global form only  then the security will be represented by a global security at all times unless and until the global security is terminated. We describe the situations in which this can occur below under “— Holder’s Option to Obtain a Non-Global Security; Special Situations When a Global Security Will Be Terminated.” If termination occurs  we may issue the securities through another book-entry clearing system or decide that the securities may no longer be held through any book-entry clearing system.Special Considerations for Global SecuritiesAs an indirect owner  an investor’s rights relating to a global security will be governed by the account rules of the depositary and those of the investor’s bank  broker  financial institution or other intermediary through which it holds its interest (e.g.  Euroclear or Clearstream  if DTC is the depositary)  as well as general laws relating to securities transfers. We do not recognize this type of investor or any intermediary as a holder of securities and instead deal only with the depositary that holds the global security.If securities are issued only in the form of a global security  an investor should be aware of the following:•An investor cannot cause the securities to be registered in his or her own name  and cannot obtain non-global certificates for his or her interest in the securities  except in the special situations we describe below;​•An investor will be an indirect holder and must look to his or her own bank  broker or other financial institution for payments on the securities and protection of his or her legal rights relating to the securities  as we describe above under “— Who Is the Legal Owner of a Registered Security?”;​•An investor may not be able to sell interests in the securities to some insurance companies and other institutions that are required by law to own their securities in non-book-entry form;​•An investor may not be able to pledge his or her interest in a global security in circumstances where certificates representing the securities must be delivered to the lender or other beneficiary of the pledge in order for the pledge to be effective;​•The depositary’s policies will govern payments  deliveries  transfers  exchanges  notices and other matters relating to an investor’s interest in a global security  and those policies may change from time to time. We  the trustee and any warrant agents and unit agents will have no responsibility for any aspect of the depositary’s policies  actions or records of ownership interests in a global security. We  the trustee and any warrant agents and unit agents also do not supervise the depositary in any way;​•The depositary may require that those who purchase and sell interests in a global security within its book-entry system use immediately available funds and your bank  broker or other financial institution may require you to do so as well; and​,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Form 424B5 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL', 'book-entry clearing system', 'sole registered owner', 'other financial institution', 'same global security', 'special termination situations', 'book-entry system', 'Registered Security', 'other number', 'other institutions', 'other beneficiary', 'other matters', 'same terms', 'indirect owner', 'Legal Owner', 'Special Considerations', 'book-entry form', 'Special Situations', 'prospectus supplement', 'different terms', 'general laws', 'insurance companies', 'warrant agents', 'unit agents', 'available funds', 'particular security', 'other intermediary', 'same kind', 'global form', 'indirect interests', 'ownership interests', 'different times', 'non-global certificates', 'legal rights', 'account rules', 'Global Securities', 'individual securities', 'multiple securities', 'debt securities', 'indirect holder', 'securities transfers', 'none', 'depositary', 'DTC', 'request', 'name', 'Cede', 'Co.', 'nominee', 'Option', 'result', 'arrangements', 'investors', 'means', 'broker', 'bank', 'turn', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'type', 'payments', 'protection', 'circumstances', 'lender', 'pledge', 'order', 'policies', 'deliveries', 'exchanges', 'notices', 'trustee', 'responsibility', 'aspect', 'actions', 'records', 'way']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,streetinsider.com
4535,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B2+DEUTSCHE+BANK+AKTIENGESE/20048214.html,Form 424B2 DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESE,6 hours ago,"Pricing Supplement No. 3135 To prospectus supplement dated August 3  2021 and prospectus dated August 3  2021 Registration Statement No. 333–258403 Rule 424(b)(2)The information in this preliminary pricing supplement is not complete and may be changed. This preliminary pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell nor do they seek an offer to buy the notes in any jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted.Subject to Completion. Dated May 10  2022Deutsche Bank AG$ % Fixed Rate Senior Debt Funding Notes due May 13  2025General· The % Fixed Rate Senior Debt Funding Notes due May 13  2025 (the “notes”) pay interest semi-annually in arrears at a rate of % per annum. The notes are designed for investors who seek semi-annual interest payments with the return of principal at maturity. All payments on the notes  including interest payments and the repayment of principal at maturity  are subject to the credit of the Issuer.· Unsecured  unsubordinated senior preferred obligations of Deutsche Bank AG due May 13  2025· The notes are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities for the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer.· Minimum denominations of $150 000 and integral multiples of $1 000 (the “Principal Amount”) in excess thereof· The notes are expected to price on May 10  2022 (the “Trade Date”) and are expected to settle on May 13  2022 (the “Settlement Date”). Delivery of the notes in book-entry form only will be made through The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”).Key TermsIssuer: Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch Issue Price: 100.00% Interest Rate: % per annum  payable semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date  based on an unadjusted 30/360 day count convention. Interest Payment Dates: May 13 and November 13 of each year  commencing on November 13  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date. If any scheduled Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day (as defined below)  the interest will be paid on the first following day that is a Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing  such interest will be paid with the full force and effect as if made on such scheduled Interest Payment Date  and no adjustment will be made to the amount of interest to be paid. Trade Date: May 10  2022 Settlement Date: May 13  2022 Maturity Date: May 13  2025 Listing: None CUSIP / ISIN: [ ] / [ ]Investing in the notes involves a number of risks. See “Risk Factors” beginning on page PS–5 of the accompanying prospectus supplement and page 20 of the accompanying prospectus and “Selected Risk Considerations” beginning on page PS–4 of this pricing supplement.By acquiring the notes  you will be bound by and will be deemed irrevocably to consent to the imposition of any Resolution Measure (as defined below) by the competent resolution authority  which may include the write down of all  or a portion  of any payment on the notes or the conversion of the notes into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership. If any Resolution Measure becomes applicable to us  you may lose some or all of your investment in the notes. Please see “Resolution Measures and Deemed Agreement” on page PS–2 of this pricing supplement for more information.Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the notes or passed upon the accuracy or the adequacy of this pricing supplement or the accompanying prospectus supplement or prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.Price to Public Discounts and Commissions(1) Proceeds to Us Per Note 100.00% % % Total $ $ $(1) For more detailed information about discounts and commissions  please see “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in this pricing supplement.Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (“DBSI”)  an agent for this offering  is our affiliate. For more information  see “Supplemental Plan of Distribution (Conflicts of Interest)” in this pricing supplement.The notes are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other U.S. or foreign governmental agency or instrumentality.Deutsche Bank SecuritiesMay   2022RESOLUTION MEASURES AND DEEMED AGREEMENTOn May 15  2014  the European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted a directive establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU  as amended the “Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” or the “BRRD”)  which was implemented into German law by the German Recovery and Resolution Act (Sanierungs- und Abwicklungsgesetz  or  as amended  the “Resolution Act”)  which became effective on January 1  2015. The BRRD and the Resolution Act provided national resolution authorities with a set of resolution powers to intervene in the event that a bank is failing or likely to fail and certain other conditions are met. From January 1  2016  the power to initiate resolution measures applicable to significant banking groups (such as Deutsche Bank Group) in the European Banking Union was transferred to the European Single Resolution Board which  based on the European Union regulation establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund (Regulation (EU) No 806/2014  as amended  the “SRM Regulation”)  works in close cooperation with the European Central Bank  the European Commission and the national resolution authorities. Pursuant to the SRM Regulation  the Resolution Act and other applicable rules and regulations  the notes may be subject to any Resolution Measure by the competent resolution authority if we become  or are deemed by the competent supervisory authority to have become  “non-viable” (as defined under the then-applicable law) and are unable to continue our regulated banking activities without a Resolution Measure becoming applicable to us.By acquiring the notes  you will be bound by and will be deemed irrevocably to consent to the provisions set forth in the accompanying prospectus  which we have summarized below. Under the relevant resolution laws and regulations as applicable to us from time to time  the notes may be subject to the powers exercised by the competent resolution authority to: (i) write down  including to zero  any payment on the notes; (ii) convert the notes into ordinary shares of (a) the Issuer  (b) any group entity or (c) any bridge bank or other instruments of ownership of such entities qualifying as common equity tier 1 capital (and the issue to or conferral on the holders (including the beneficial owners) of such ordinary shares or instruments); and/or (iii) apply any other resolution measure including  but not limited to  any transfer of the notes to another entity  the amendment  modification or variation of the terms and conditions of the notes or the cancellation of the notes. The write-down and conversion powers are commonly referred to as the “bail-in tool” and the bail-in tool and each of the other resolution measures are hereinafter referred to as a “Resolution Measure.” A “group entity” refers to an entity that is included in the corporate group subject to a Resolution Measure. A “bridge bank” refers to a newly chartered German bank that would receive some or all of our equity securities  assets  liabilities and material contracts  including those attributable to our branches and subsidiaries  in a resolution proceeding.Furthermore  by acquiring the notes  you:· are deemed irrevocably to have agreed  and you will agree: (i) to be bound by  to acknowledge and to accept any Resolution Measure and any amendment  modification or variation of the terms and conditions of the notes to give effect to any Resolution Measure; (ii) that you will have no claim or other right against us arising out of any Resolution Measure; and (iii) that the imposition of any Resolution Measure will not constitute a default or an event of default under the notes  under the Amended and Restated Senior Debt Funding Indenture dated August 3  2021 among us  Delaware Trust Company  as trustee  and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas  as paying agent  authenticating agent  issuing agent and registrar  as may be amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Indenture”)  or for the purposes of  but only to the fullest extent permitted by  the Trust Indenture Act of 1939  as amended (the “Trust Indenture Act”);· waive  to the fullest extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act and applicable law  any and all claims against the trustee and the paying agent  the issuing agent and the registrar (each  an “indenture agent”) for  agree not to initiate a suit against the trustee or the indenture agents in respect of  and agree that the trustee and the indenture agents will not be liable for  any action that the trustee or any of the indenture agents takes  or abstains from taking  in either case in accordance with the imposition of a Resolution Measure by the competent resolution authority with respect to the notes; and· will be deemed to have: (i) consented to the imposition of any Resolution Measure as it may be imposed without any prior notice by the competent resolution authority of its decision to exercise such power with respect to the notes; (ii) authorized  directed and requested DTC and any direct participant in DTC or other intermediary through which you hold such notes to take any and all necessary action  if required  to implement the imposition of any Resolution Measure with respect to the notes as it may be imposed  without any further action or direction on your part or on the part of the trustee or the indenture agents; and (iii) acknowledged and accepted that the Resolution Measure provisions described herein and in the “Resolution Measures” section of the accompanying prospectus are exhaustive on the matters described herein and therein to the exclusion of any other agreements  arrangements or understandings between you and the Issuer relating to the terms and conditions of the notes.This is only a summary  for more information please see the accompanying prospectus dated August 3  2021  including the risk factors beginning on page 20 of such prospectus.PS-2SUMMARYYou should read this pricing supplement together with the prospectus supplement dated August 3  2021 relating to our Senior Debt Funding Notes  Series E of which these notes are a part and the prospectus dated August 3  2021. You may access these documents on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) at . www.sec.gov as follows (or  if such address has changed  by reviewing our filings for the relevant date on the SEC website):· Prospectus supplement dated August 3  2021:https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1159508/000095010321011879/crt_dp155598-424b2.pdf· Prospectus dated August 3  2021:https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1159508/000119312521235184/d205567d424b21.pdfOur Central Index Key  or CIK  on the SEC website is 0001159508. As used in this pricing supplement  “we ” “us” or “our” refers to Deutsche Bank AG  including  as the context requires  acting through one of its branches.This pricing supplement  together with the documents listed above  contains the terms of the notes and supersedes all other prior or contemporaneous oral statements as well as any other written materials including preliminary or indicative pricing terms  correspondence  trade ideas  structures for implementation  sample structures  brochures or other educational materials of ours. You should carefully consider  among other things  the matters set forth in this pricing supplement and in “Risk Factors” in the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus. We urge you to consult your investment  legal  tax  accounting and other advisers before deciding to invest in the notes.In making your investment decision  you should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this pricing supplement relevant to your investment and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus with respect to the notes offered by this pricing supplement and with respect to Deutsche Bank AG. We have not authorized anyone to give you any additional or different information. The information in this pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus may only be accurate as of the dates of each of these documents  respectively.You should be aware that the regulations of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority  Inc. (“FINRA”) and the laws of certain jurisdictions (including regulations and laws that require brokers to ensure that investments are suitable for their customers) may limit the availability of the notes. This pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the notes under any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.We are offering to sell  and are seeking offers to buy  the notes only in jurisdictions where such offers and sales are permitted. Neither the delivery of this pricing supplement nor the accompanying prospectus supplement or prospectus nor any sale made hereunder implies that there has been no change in our affairs or that the information in this pricing supplement and accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus is correct as of any date after the date hereof.You must (i) comply with all applicable laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in connection with the possession or distribution of this pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and the purchase  offer or sale of the notes and (ii) obtain any consent  approval or permission required to be obtained by you for the purchase  offer or sale by you of the notes under the laws and regulations applicable to you in force in any jurisdiction to which you are subject or in which you make such purchases  offers or sales; neither we nor the agents shall have any responsibility therefor.PS-3SELECTED RISK CONSIDERATIONSAn investment in the notes involves risks. This section describes the most significant risks relating to the notes. For a complete list of risk factors  please see the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus.· THE VALUE OF THE NOTES MAY DECLINE DUE TO SUCH FACTORS AS A RISE IN INFLATION AND/OR INTEREST RATES OVER THE TERM OF THE NOTES — The value of the notes may decline over time due to such factors as inflation and/or rising interest rates. In addition  if the market interest rates rise during the term of the notes  the Interest Rate on the notes may in the future be lower than the interest rates for similar debt securities then prevailing in the market. If this occurs  you will not be able to require the Issuer to redeem the notes and will  therefore  bear the risk of holding the notes and of earning a lower return than you could earn on other investments until the Maturity Date.· THE NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO THE CREDIT OF DEUTSCHE BANK AG — The notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of Deutsche Bank AG  ranking in priority to its senior non-preferred obligations  and are not  either directly or indirectly  an obligation of any third party. Any interest payments to be made on the notes and the repayment of principal at maturity depend on the ability of Deutsche Bank AG to satisfy its obligations as they become due. An actual or anticipated downgrade in Deutsche Bank AG’s credit rating or increase in the credit spreads charged by the market for taking Deutsche Bank AG’s credit risk will likely have an adverse effect on the value of the notes. As a result  the actual and perceived creditworthiness of Deutsche Bank AG will affect the value of the notes. Any future downgrade could materially affect Deutsche Bank AG’s funding costs and cause the trading price of the notes to decline significantly. Additionally  under many derivative contracts to which Deutsche Bank AG is a party  a downgrade could require it to post additional collateral  lead to terminations of contracts with accompanying payment obligations or give counterparties additional remedies. In the event Deutsche Bank AG were to default on its payment obligations or become subject to a Resolution Measure  you might not receive interest and principal payments owed to you under the terms of the notes and you could lose your entire investment .· THE NOTES MAY BE WRITTEN DOWN  BE CONVERTED INTO ORDINARY SHARES OR OTHER INSTRUMENTS OF OWNERSHIP OR BECOME SUBJECT TO OTHER RESOLUTION MEASURES. YOU MAY LOSE SOME OR ALL OF YOUR INVESTMENT IF ANY SUCH MEASURE BECOMES APPLICABLE TO US — Pursuant to the SRM Regulation  the Resolution Act and other applicable rules and regulations described above under “Resolution Measures and Deemed Agreement ” the notes are subject to the powers exercised by the competent resolution authority to impose Resolution Measures on us  which may include: (i) writing down  including to zero  any claim for payment on the notes; (ii) converting the notes into ordinary shares of (x) the Issuer  (y) any group entity or (z) any bridge bank or other instruments of ownership of such entities qualifying as common equity tier 1 capital (and the issue to or conferral on the holders (including the beneficial owners) of such ordinary shares or instruments); or (iii) applying any other resolution measure including  but not limited to  transferring the notes to another entity  amending  modifying or varying the terms and conditions of the notes or cancelling the notes. The competent resolution authority may apply Resolution Measures individually or in any combination. Imposition of a Resolution Measure would likely occur if the competent supervisory authority determines that we are failing or likely to fail and that certain other conditions are met (as set forth under the applicable law). The BRRD  the Resolution Act and  as applicable  the SRM Regulation are intended to eliminate the need for public support of troubled banks  and you should be aware that public support  if any  would only potentially be used by the competent supervisory authority as a last resort after having assessed and exploited  to the maximum extent practicable  the resolution tools  including the bail-in tool.By acquiring the notes  you would have no claim or other right against us arising out of any Resolution Measure and we would have no obligation to make payments under the notes following the imposition of such Resolution Measure. In particular  the imposition of any Resolution Measure will not constitute a default or an event of default under the notes  under the Indenture or for the purposes of  but only to the fullest extent permitted by  the Trust Indenture Act. Furthermore  it will be difficult to predict when  if at all  a Resolution Measure might become applicable to us in our individual case. Accordingly  secondary market trading in the notes may not follow the trading behavior associated with similar types of securities issued by other financial institutions which may be or have been subject to a Resolution Measure.In addition  by your acquisition of the notes  you waive  to the fullest extent permitted by the Trust Indenture Act and applicable law  any and all claims against the trustee and the indenture agents for  agree not to initiate a suit against the trustee or the indenture agents in respect of  and agree that the trustee and the indenture agents will not be liable for  any action that the trustee or the indenture agents take  or abstain from taking  in either case in accordance with the imposition of a Resolution Measure by the competent resolution authority with respect to the notes. Accordingly  you may have limited or circumscribed rights to challenge any decision of the competent resolution authority to impose any Resolution Measure.PS-4· OUR SENIOR DEBT FUNDING SECURITIES  INCLUDING THE NOTES OFFERED HEREIN  ARE INTENDED TO QUALIFY AS ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 72(B)(2)  WITH THE EXCEPTION OF POINT (D)  CRR FOR THE MINIMUM REQUIREMENT FOR OWN FUNDS AND ELIGIBLE LIABILITIES UNDER THE ISSUER REGULATORY CAPITAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO US. THEY ARE EXPECTED TO CONSTITUTE “SENIOR PREFERRED” DEBT SECURITIES AND WOULD  IF INSOLVENCY PROCEEDINGS ARE OPENED AGAINST US OR IF RESOLUTION MEASURES ARE IMPOSED ON US  BEAR LOSSES AFTER OUR “SENIOR NON-PREFERRED” DEBT INSTRUMENTS BUT BEFORE OTHER LIABILITIES WITH AN EVEN MORE SENIOR RANK  FOR EXAMPLE  COVERED DEPOSITS HELD BY NATURAL PERSONS AND MICRO  SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISES — The notes are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities instruments within the meaning of Article 72b(2)  with the exception of point (d)  CRR for the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities of the Issuer. The obligations under the notes constitute unsecured and unsubordinated preferred obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and with other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer  subject  however  to statutory priorities conferred to certain unsecured and unsubordinated obligations in the event of resolution measures being imposed on the Issuer or in the event of the dissolution  liquidation  insolvency  composition or other proceedings for the avoidance of insolvency of  or against  the Issuer. Pursuant to Section 46f(5) of the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz)  the obligations under the notes rank in priority of those under our debt instruments (Schuldtitel) within the meaning of Section 46f(6) sentence 1 of the German Banking Act (also in conjunction with Section 46f(9) of the German Banking Act) or any successor provision.You as holder of notes may not set off or net your claims arising under the notes against any of our claims. No collateral or guarantee shall be provided at any time to secure claims of a holder of notes under the notes; any collateral or guarantee already provided or granted in the future in connection with our other liabilities may not be used for claims under the notes.No subsequent agreement may enhance the seniority of the obligations as described above or shorten the term of the notes or any applicable notice period. Any redemption  repurchase or termination of the notes prior to their scheduled maturity is subject to the prior approval of the competent resolution authority.If insolvency proceedings are opened against us or if Resolution Measures are imposed on us  our “senior preferred” debt securities (including the notes offered herein) are expected to be among the unsecured unsubordinated obligations that would bear losses after our “senior non-preferred” debt instruments  including our non-structured senior debt securities issued before July 21  2018.On the other hand  there are liabilities with an even more senior rank  for example  covered deposits held by natural persons and micro  small and medium-sized enterprises. Therefore  you may lose some or all of your investment in the notes offered herein if insolvency proceedings are opened against us or a Resolution Measure becomes applicable to us.· THE NOTES CONTAIN LIMITED EVENTS OF DEFAULT  AND THE REMEDIES AVAILABLE THEREUNDER ARE LIMITED — As described in “Description of Debt Securities — Senior Debt Funding Securities — Events of Default” in the accompanying prospectus  the notes provide for no event of default other than the opening of insolvency proceedings against us by a German court having jurisdiction over us. In particular  the imposition of a Resolution Measure will not constitute an event of default with respect to the Indenture or the notes.If an event of default occurs  holders of the notes have only limited enforcement remedies. If an event of default with respect to the notes occurs or is continuing  either the trustee or the holders of not less than 33 1⁄3% in aggregate principal amount of all outstanding debt securities issued under the Indenture  including the notes  voting as one class  may declare the principal amount of the notes and interest accrued thereon to be due and payable immediately. We may issue further series of debt securities under the Indenture and these would be included in that class of outstanding debt securities.In particular  holders of the notes will have no right of acceleration in the case of a default in the payment of principal of  interest on  or other amounts owing under  the notes. If such a default occurs and is continuing with respect to the notes  the trustee and the holders of the notes could take legal action against us  but they may not accelerate the maturity of the notes. Moreover  if we fail to make any payment because of the imposition of a Resolution Measure  the trustee and the holders of the notes would not be permitted to take such action  and in such a case you may permanently lose the right to the affected amounts.Holders will also have no rights of acceleration due to a default in the performance of any of our other covenants under the notes.PS-5· THE NOTES WILL NOT BE LISTED AND THERE WILL LIKELY BE LIMITED LIQUIDITY — The notes will not be listed on any securities exchange. There may be little or no secondary market for the notes. We or our affiliates intend to act as market makers for the notes but are not required to do so and may cease such market making activities at any time. Even if there is a secondary market  it may not provide enough liquidity to allow you to trade or sell the notes when you wish to do so or at a price advantageous to you. Because we do not expect that other market makers will participate significantly in the secondary market for the notes  the price at which you may be able to sell your notes is likely to depend on the price  if any  at which we or our affiliates are willing to buy the notes. If  at any time  we or our affiliates do not act as market makers  it is likely that there would be little or no secondary market for the notes.· MANY ECONOMIC AND MARKET FACTORS WILL AFFECT THE VALUE OF THE NOTES — The value of the notes prior to maturity will be affected by a number of economic and market factors that may either offset or magnify each other  including:o the time remaining to the maturity of the notes;o trends relating to inflation;o interest rates and yields in the markets generally;o geopolitical conditions and economic  financial  political  regulatory or judicial events that affect the markets generally;o supply and demand for the notes; ando our creditworthiness  including actual or anticipated downgrades in our credit ratings.During the term of the notes  it is possible that their value may decline significantly due to the factors described above  and any sale prior to the Maturity Date could result in a substantial loss to you. You must hold the notes to maturity to receive the repayment of principal.PS-6DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTESThe following description of the terms of the notes supplements the description of the general terms of the debt securities set forth under the headings “Description of Notes” in the accompanying prospectus supplement and “Description of Senior Debt Funding Securities” in the accompanying prospectus. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this pricing supplement have the meanings assigned to them in the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus. The term “notes” refers to our % Fixed Rate Senior Debt Funding Notes due May 13  2025.GeneralThe notes are unsecured unsubordinated obligations of Deutsche Bank AG  ranking in priority to its senior non-preferred obligations that pay interest at a fixed rate equal to % per annum. The interest will be paid semi-annually in arrears on each Interest Payment Date  including the Maturity Date  based on an unadjusted 30/360 day count convention. The notes are our Senior Debt Funding Notes  Series E referred to in the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus. The notes will be issued by Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch under an indenture among us  Delaware Trust Company  as trustee  and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas  as paying agent  authenticating agent  issuing agent and registrar. From time to time  we may create and issue additional notes with the same terms  so that the additional notes will be considered as part of the same issuance as the earlier notes.The notes are not deposits or savings accounts and are not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other U.S. or foreign governmental agency or instrumentality. The notes constitute our unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and shall rank pari passu among themselves and pari passu with all of our other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations  subject  however  to statutory priorities conferred upon certain unsecured and unsubordinated obligations in the event of any Resolution Measures imposed on us or in the event of our dissolution  liquidation  insolvency or composition  or if other proceedings are opened for the avoidance of the insolvency of  or against  us; in accordance with Section 46f(5) of the German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz)  our obligations under the notes shall rank in priority to our senior non-preferred obligations under our debt instruments (Schuldtitel) within the meaning of Section 46f(6) sentence 1 of the German Banking Act (including the senior non-preferred obligations under any such debt instruments that we issued before July 21  2018 and that are subject to Section 46f(9) of the German Banking Act) or any successor provision; this includes eligible liabilities within the meaning of Articles 72a and 72b(2) of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council  as amended  supplemented or replaced from time to time (the “CRR”) where point (d) of such Article does not apply. On the other hand  the notes will rank junior to obligations described in §46f(4) KWG  e.g. covered deposits held by natural persons and micro  small and medium-sized enterprises. For more information on resolution measures  see “Resolution Measures and Deemed Agreement” on page PS–2 of this pricing supplement.The notes are intended to qualify as eligible liabilities instruments within the meaning of Articles 72a and 72b(2) CRR  with the exception of point (d)  CRR for the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities  as described and provided for in the bank regulatory capital provisions to which we are subject  including restrictions on the aggregate amount of similar instruments that we may use for such purposes  but do not constitute senior non-preferred debt instruments within the meaning of Section 46f(6) sentence 1 of the German Banking Act.The notes will be issued in minimum denominations of $150 000 and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. The principal amount (the “Principal Amount”) of the notes is $1 000 and the Issue Price of the notes is $1 000.00. The notes will be issued in registered form and represented by one or more permanent global notes registered in the name of The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee  as described under “Description of Notes — Form  Legal Ownership and Denomination of Notes” in the accompanying prospectus supplement and “Forms of Securities — Legal Ownership — Global Securities” in the accompanying prospectus.The specific terms of the notes are set forth under the heading “Key Terms” on the cover page of this pricing supplement and in the subsections below.Payments on the NotesThe “Maturity Date” will be May 13  2025   unless that day is not a Business Day  in which case the Maturity Date will be the first following Business Day. On the Maturity Date  you will receive a cash payment  for each $1 000 Principal Amount of notes  of $1 000 plus any accrued but unpaid interest. If the scheduled Maturity Date is not a Business Day  the principal plus any accrued but unpaid interest will be paid on the first following day that is a Business Day with the full force and effect as if made on the scheduled Maturity Date  and no interest on such postponed payment will accrue during the period from and after the scheduled Maturity Date.The notes will bear interest from the Settlement Date at a fixed rate equal to % per annum  payable semi-annually in arrears on May 13 and November 13 of each year (each  an “Interest Payment Date”)  commencing on November 13  2022 and ending on the Maturity Date  based on an unadjusted 30/360 day count convention. If anyPS-7scheduled Interest Payment Date is not a Business Day  the interest will be paid on the first following day that is a Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing  such interest will be paid with the full force and effect as if made on such scheduled Interest Payment Date  and no adjustment will be made to the amount of interest to be paid.The initial interest period will begin on  and include  the Settlement Date and end on  but exclude  the first Interest Payment Date (November 13  2022). Each subsequent interest period will begin on  and include  the Interest Payment Date for the preceding interest period and end on  but exclude  the next following Interest Payment Date. The final interest period will end on  but exclude  the Maturity Date.A “Business Day” is any day other than a day that is (i) a Saturday or Sunday  (ii) a day on which banking institutions generally in the City of New York are authorized or obligated by law  regulation or executive order to close  (iii) a day on which transactions in U.S. dollars are not conducted in the City of New York or (iv) a day on which TARGET2 is not operating.We will irrevocably deposit with DTC no later than the opening of business on the applicable Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date funds sufficient to make payments of the amount payable with respect to the notes on such date. We will give DTC irrevocable instructions and authority to pay such amount to the holders of the notes entitled thereto.Subject to the foregoing and to applicable law (including  without limitation  United States federal laws) and subject to approval by the competent authority  we or our affiliates may  at any time and from time to time  purchase outstanding notes by tender  in open market transactions or by private agreement.Calculation AgentDeutsche Bank AG  London Branch will act as the calculation agent. As the calculation agent  Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch will determine  among other things  the amount of interest payable in respect of your notes on each Interest Payment Date. Unless otherwise specified in this pricing supplement  all determinations made by the calculation agent will be at the sole discretion of the calculation agent and will  in the absence of manifest error  be conclusive for all purposes and binding on you  the trustee and us. We may appoint a different calculation agent from time to time after the date of this pricing supplement without your consent and without notifying you.The calculation agent will provide written notice to the trustee at its New York office  on which notice the trustee may conclusively rely  of the amount to be paid on each Interest Payment Date and at maturity on or prior to 11:00 a.m.  New York City time  on the Business Day preceding each Interest Payment Date and the Maturity Date  as applicable.All calculations with respect to the amount of interest payable on the notes will be rounded to the nearest one hundred-thousandth  with five one-millionths rounded upward (e.g.  0.876545 would be rounded to 0.87655); all U.S. dollar amounts related to determination of the payment per $1 000 Principal Amount of notes at maturity will be rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth  with five one hundred-thousandths rounded upward (e.g.  0.76545 would be rounded up to 0.7655); and all U.S. dollar amounts paid on the aggregate Principal Amount of notes per holder will be rounded to the nearest cent  with one-half cent rounded upward.Events of DefaultUnder the heading “Description of Debt Securities — Senior Debt Funding Securities — Events of Default” in the accompanying prospectus is a description of the event of default relating to senior debt funding securities including the notes. The notes provide for no event of default other than the opening of insolvency proceedings against us by a German court having jurisdiction over us.The Indenture provides that there is no right of acceleration in the case of a default in the payment of principal of  interest on  or other amounts owing under the notes or a default in the performance of any of our other covenants under the notes or the Indenture.Payment Upon an Event of DefaultIf an event of default occurs and the maturity of the notes is accelerated  we will pay a default amount for each $1 000 Principal Amount of notes equal to $1 000 plus any accrued but unpaid interest to  but excluding  the date of acceleration.If the maturity of the notes is accelerated because of an event of default as described above  we will  or will cause the calculation agent to  provide written notice to the trustee at its New York office  on which notice the trustee may conclusively rely  and to DTC of the cash amount due with respect to the notes as promptly as possible and in no event later than two Business Days after the date of acceleration.ModificationPS-8Under the heading “Description of Debt Securities — Senior Debt Funding Securities — Modification of the Senior Debt Funding Indenture” in the accompanying prospectus is a description of when the consent of each affected holder of debt securities is required to modify the Indenture.ListingThe notes will not be listed on any securities exchange.Book-Entry Only Issuance — The Depository Trust CompanyDTC will act as securities depositary for the notes. The notes will be issued only as fully registered securities registered in the name of Cede & Co. (DTC’s nominee). One or more fully registered global notes certificates  representing the total aggregate Principal Amount of the notes  will be issued and will be deposited with DTC. See the descriptions contained in the accompanying prospectus supplement under the headings “Description of Notes — Form  Legal Ownership and Denomination of Notes.” The notes are offered on a global basis. Investors may elect to hold interests in the registered global notes held by DTC through Clearstream  Luxembourg or the Euroclear operator if they are participants in those systems  or indirectly through organizations that are participants in those systems. See “Series E Notes Offered on a Global Basis — Book-Entry  Delivery and Form” in the accompanying prospectus supplement.Governing LawThe notes will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York  except as may be otherwise required by mandatory provisions of law.Tax ConsiderationsYou should review carefully the section of the accompanying prospectus supplement entitled “United States Federal Income Taxation.” Although not free from doubt  in the opinion of our special tax counsel  Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP  the notes will be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as fixed rate debt instruments that are issued without original issue discount.If you purchase a note at a price that is greater or less than the issue price  you may be considered to have purchased the note with “amortizable bond premium” or “market discount ” respectively. See “United States Federal Income Taxation — Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders — Market Discount” and “United States Federal Income Taxation — Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders — Acquisition Premium and Amortizable Bond Premium ” as applicable  on page PS–32 and 33 of the accompanying prospectus supplement.The discussions above and in the accompanying prospectus supplement do not address the consequences to taxpayers subject to special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b).If you are a non-U.S. holder  you will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax (including withholding)  provided that you fulfill certain certification requirements and certain other conditions are met. See “United States Federal Income Taxation — Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders” on page PS–35 of the accompanying prospectus supplement.As discussed in the section of the accompanying prospectus supplement entitled “United States Federal Income Taxation – ‘FATCA’ Legislation ” payments in respect of the notes and gross proceeds from any taxable disposition of a note (including retirement) as subject to withholding under FATCA. However  under proposed regulations (the preamble to which specifies that taxpayers are permitted to rely on them pending finalization) no withholding will apply to payments of gross proceeds (other than any amount treated as interest). You should consult your tax adviser regarding the potential application of FATCA to the notes.Under current law  the United Kingdom will not impose withholding tax on payments made with respect to the notes.For a discussion of certain German tax considerations relating to the notes  you should refer to the section in the accompanying prospectus supplement entitled “Taxation by Germany of Non-Resident Holders.”You should consult your tax adviser regarding the U.S. federal tax consequences of an investment in the notes  as well as tax consequences arising under the laws of any state  local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.PS-9USE OF PROCEEDS; HEDGINGThe net proceeds we receive from the sale of the notes will be used for general corporate purposes  as more particularly described in “Use of Proceeds” in the accompanying prospectus.We or our affiliates may acquire a long or short position in securities similar to the notes from time to time and may  in our or their sole discretion  hold or resell those securities. Although we have no reason to believe that any of these activities will have a material impact on the value of the notes  we cannot assure you that these activities will not have such an effect.PS-10SUPPLEMENTAL PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION (CONFLICTS OF INTEREST)Under the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Distribution Agreement entered into between Deutsche Bank AG and DBSI  as agent thereunder  and certain other agents that may be party to the Distribution Agreement from time to time (each  an “Agent ” and  collectively with DBSI  the “Agents”)  each Agent participating in the offering of the notes has agreed to purchase  and we have agreed to sell  the Principal Amount of notes indicated opposite such Agent’s name in the following table.Agents Principal Amount of Notes Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. $ Total $Notes sold by the Agents to the public will initially be offered at the Issue Price set forth on the cover of this pricing supplement. If all of the notes are not sold at the Issue Price  the Agents may change the offering price and the other selling terms.The Agents will receive a selling concession in connection with the sale of the notes of % or $ per $1 000 Principal Amount of notes. The Agents may also sell the notes to or through dealers  and such dealers may receive compensation in the form of underwriting discounts  concessions or commissions from the Agents and/or the purchasers of the notes for whom they may act as agent  and such compensation received by such dealers will not be in excess of the selling concession the Agents receive from us. In connection with the sale of the notes  the Agents may receive commissions from the purchasers of the notes for whom they may act as agent. The Agents and any dealers that participate with the Agents in the distribution of the notes may be deemed to be underwriters  and any discounts or commissions received by them and any profit on the resale of the notes by them may be deemed to be underwriting discounts or commissions.We own  directly or indirectly  all of the outstanding equity securities of DBSI. The net proceeds received from the sale of the notes may be used  in part  by DBSI or one of its affiliates in connection with hedging our obligations under the notes. Because DBSI is both our affiliate and a member of FINRA  the underwriting arrangements for this offering must comply with the requirements of FINRA Rule 5121 regarding a FINRA member firm’s distribution of the securities of an affiliate and related conflicts of interest. In accordance with FINRA Rule 5121  DBSI may not make sales in offerings of the notes to any of its discretionary accounts without the prior written approval of the customer.DBSI or another Agent may act as principal or agent in connection with offers and sales of the notes in the secondary market. Secondary market offers and sales will be made at prices related to market prices at the time of such offer or sale; accordingly  the Agents or a dealer may change the public offering price  concession and discount after the offering has been completed.In order to facilitate the offering of the notes  the Agents may engage in transactions that stabilize  maintain or otherwise affect the price of the notes. Specifically  an Agent may sell more notes than it is obligated to purchase in connection with the offering  creating a naked short position in the notes for its own account. Such Agent must close out any naked short position by purchasing the notes in the open market. A naked short position is more likely to be created if an Agent is concerned that there may be downward pressure on the price of the notes in the open market after pricing that could adversely affect investors who purchase in the offering. As an additional means of facilitating the offering  the Agents may bid for  and purchase  notes in the open market to stabilize the price of the notes. Any of these activities may raise or maintain the market price of the notes above independent market levels or prevent or slow a decline in the market price of the notes. The Agents are not required to engage in these activities and may end any of these activities at any time.No action has been or will be taken by us  the Agents or any dealer that would permit a public offering of the notes or possession or distribution of this pricing supplement  the accompanying prospectus supplement or prospectus other than in the United States  where action for that purpose is required. No offers  sales or deliveries of the notes  or distribution of this pricing supplement  the accompanying prospectus supplement or prospectus or any other offering material relating to the notes  may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not impose any obligations on us  the Agents or any dealer.Each Agent has represented and agreed  and any other Agent through which we may offer the notes will represent and agree  that if any notes are to be offered outside the United States  it will not offer or sell any such notes in any jurisdiction if such offer or sale would not be in compliance with any applicable law or regulation or if any consent  approval or permission is needed for such offer or sale by it or for or on behalf of the Issuer unless such consent  approval or permission has been previously obtained and such Agent will obtain any consent  approval or permission required by it for the subscription  offer  sale or delivery of the notes  or the distribution of any offering materials  under the laws andPS-11regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in or from which it makes any subscription  offer  sale or delivery.To the extent any selling agent that is not a U.S. registered broker-dealer intends to effect any offers or sales of any notes in the United States  it will do so through one or more U.S. registered broker-dealers in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws and regulations.Notice to Prospective Investors in the EEAThis pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus have been prepared on the basis that any offer of notes in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended  the “Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of notes. The accompanying prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.Prohibition of Sales To EEA Retail InvestorsThe notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the “Insurance Distribution Directive”)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation . The expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the notes. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.Notice to Prospective Investors in the UKThis pricing supplement and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus have been prepared on the basis that any offer of notes in the United Kingdom (“UK”) will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of notes. The accompanying prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus are not a prospectus for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail InvestorsThe notes are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended (“FSMA”)  and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. The expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the notes. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.MiFID II Product Governance/Professional Investors and ECPs-only Target MarketThe target market for the notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients  each as defined in MiFID II (all distribution channels  with appropriateness check) having (1) at least informed knowledge and/or experience with financial products  (2) a medium-term investment horizon  (3) general capital formation/asset optimization as their investment objective  (4) no or only minor investment loss bearing capacity and (5) a medium risk tolerance.UK MIFIR product governance/Professional Investors and ECPs-only Target MarketThe target market for the notes is eligible counterparties  as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domesticPS-12law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""UK MiFIR"") (all distribution channels  with appropriateness check) having (1) at least informed knowledge and/or experience with financial products  (2) a medium-term investment horizon  (3) general capital formation/asset optimization as their investment objective  (4) no or only minor investment loss bearing capacity and (5) a medium risk tolerance.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.02,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE BANK AKTIENGESE', 'Form 424B2', 'Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch Issue Price', 'The % Fixed Rate Senior Debt Funding Notes', 'Unsecured, unsubordinated senior preferred obligations', 'The Depository Trust Company', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', '30/360 day count convention', 'Deutsche Bank Securities Inc.', 'scheduled Interest Payment Date', 'foreign governmental agency', 'first following day', 'Selected Risk Considerations', 'other U.S.', 'state securities commission', 'Interest Payment Dates', 'competent resolution authority', 'national resolution authorities', 'Key Terms Issuer', 'preliminary pricing supplement', 'accompanying prospectus supplement', 'semi-annual interest payments', 'The BRRD', '100.00% Interest Rate', 'Bank Recovery', 'Business Day', 'Trade Date', 'Settlement Date', 'Risk Factors', 'Exchange Commission', 'other instruments', 'other conditions', 'Resolution Measure', 'Resolution Act', 'resolution powers', 'Maturity Date', 'Registration Statement', 'eligible liabilities', 'minimum requirement', 'Minimum denominations', 'integral multiples', 'book-entry form', 'full force', 'None CUSIP', 'ordinary shares', 'Deemed Agreement', 'criminal offense', 'Supplemental Plan', 'savings accounts', 'European Parliament', 'European Union', 'German law', 'German Recovery', 'Public Discounts', 'credit institutions', 'investment firms', 'Resolution Directive', 'page PS', 'detailed information', 'Principal Amount', 'Rule', 'offer', 'jurisdiction', 'sale', 'Completion', 'General', 'May', 'arrears', 'annum', 'investors', 'return', 'repayment', 'funds', 'excess', 'Delivery', 'DTC', 'November', 'year', 'effect', 'adjustment', 'Listing', 'ISIN', 'number', 'risks', 'imposition', 'write', 'down', 'portion', 'conversion', 'ownership', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'representation', 'contrary', 'Commissions', 'Distribution', 'Conflicts', 'DBSI', 'agent', 'affiliate', 'deposits', 'instrumentality', 'Council', 'framework', 'Abwicklungsgesetz', 'January', 'event']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,streetinsider.com
4536,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/bonava-group-notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-bonava-ab-publ-1652173200,Bonava Group: Notice to extraordinary general meeting in Bonava AB (publ),Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 24 May and give notice to the company of their intention to attend the meeting no later than Wednesday 1 June (the weekday before the extraordinary general meeting) by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below ,"ParticipationTo be entitled to participate at the meeting  a shareholder must:be listed in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 24 May andgive notice to the company of their intention to attend the meeting no later than Wednesday 1 June (the weekday before the extraordinary general meeting) by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below  so that the postal voting form is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 1 June.Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate in the general meeting. The shareholders' register as of the record date on 24 May 2022 will include voting registrations made no later than 27 May 2022. Therefore  shareholders should inform their nominees well in advance before this date.Postal votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the extraordinary general meeting only by voting in advance  through so called postal voting in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A designated form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on Bonava's website  www.bonava.com/en/general-meeting/extra-general-meeting-2022 and will be sent free of charge for the recipient to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The postal voting form is considered as the notification of participation at the extraordinary general meeting.The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB (being the administrator of the forms for Bonava)  no later than on 1 June 2022. The completed form shall be sent to Bonava AB  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed form may alternatively be submitted electronically either through BankID signing as per instructions available on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or through sending the completed voting form by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com (with reference ""Bonava extraordinary general meeting 2022"").If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. The proxy form is available at www.bonava.com/en/general-meeting/extra-general-meeting-2022  and will be sent free of charge for the recipient to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed with the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.Proposed agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting2. Drawing up and approval of the voting list3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of two persons to check the minutes  in addition to the chairman5. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened6. Resolutions regarding:A. long-term performance-based incentive plan  andB. transfer of shares of series B in Bonava under the incentive plan________________________________________________________________________ProposalsItem 1:The board proposes Mats Jönsson as chairman of the meeting.Item 2:The voting list which is proposed to be approved under item 2 shall be the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB at the request of the company based on the meeting's share register and postal votes received. The list shall be controlled by the persons verifying the minutes.Item 4:The board of directors proposes that (A) Johannes Wingborg representative of Länsförsäkringar Fonder and (B) Oskar Börjesson  representative of Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia ömsesidig  or  if any or both of them are unable to attend the meeting  any of the persons assigned by the board of directors  shall verify the minutes. The persons verifying the minutes shall also check the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reflected in the minutes.Item 6:The board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves on a long-term performance-based incentive plan (LTIP 2022) for Bonava AB (publ) (""Bonava"") and on transfer of shares of series B in Bonava in accordance with items A and B below. Participation in LTIP 2022 requires own shareholding in Bonava.A. LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE PLAN1.1 LTIP 2022 in briefThe primary reason for implementing a long-term performance-based incentive plan is to align the interests of the shareholders with the interests of the executive management and other key personnel to ensure maximum long-term value creation. The LTIP 2022 provides a long-term group-wide focus on value growth among the participants. The incentive plan is also considered to facilitate Bonava's recruitment and retention of executive management and other key personnel. The synthetic shares allow participants to pay the tax resulting from the allotment of shares as a result of the LTIP 2022 without having to immediately divest the shares.The incentive plan runs for three years. To participate in the LTIP 2022  an own shareholding in Bonava-shares is required. Following the defined vesting period  the participants will  free of charge  be partly allocated shares of series B in Bonava  partly receive a cash compensation corresponding to the share price of the Bonava-share at the time of payment  provided that certain conditions are fulfilled.1.2 Participants in LTIP 2022The LTIP 2022 comprises approximately 45 employees consisting of members of the executive management and certain key personnel within the Bonava group  divided into four categories. The first category comprises Bonava's Chief Executive Officer (CEO)  the second category comprises the executive management  the third category comprises regional heads  and the fourth category comprises employees who are responsible for certain functions in Bonava. New personnel that have been recruited but not yet commenced their employment with the Bonava group when the notification of participation in the plan must take place  can be offered participation on the condition that their employment starts.1.3 The personal investment and allotment of share rights and synthetic sharesTo participate in the LTIP 2022  the participant must invest in a personal shareholding in Bonava (""Investment Shares"")  which shall be allocated to the LTIP 2022. The Investment Shares shall be acquired specifically for the LTIP 2022  or alternatively  for participants who fulfil Bonava's shareholding recommendation below  an existing shareholding that does not constitute Investment Shares in another ongoing LTIP may be used as Investment Shares. The participant can invest a maximum of one months' salary (according to salary levels on 1 January 2022) before taxes in the LTIP 2022. The investment can be made at any of the following investment levels: 50 or 100% of the maximum investment. For the first category  each Investment Share entitles to 2.25 share rights and 2.25 synthetic shares  for the second category of participants  each Investment Share entitles to 1.8 share rights and 1.8 synthetic shares  for the third category  each Investment Share entitles to 1.35 share rights and 1.35 synthetic shares  and for the fourth category  each Investment Share entitles to 0.9 share right and 0.9 synthetic share. The share rights and the synthetic share are divided into performance share rights and matching share rights as further specified under the heading ""Terms for share rights and synthetic shares"" below.Participants in Bonava's LTI programs are recommended to  by way of allocation of LTI shares and personal investments  over time accumulate and retain shares in Bonava to the extent that their respective shareholdings amount to a value corresponding to at least six (6) months' salary before taxes. For the CEO the recommendation is instead a shareholding corresponding to at least twelve (12) month's salary before taxes.1.4 Terms for share rights and synthetic sharesThe share rights are allocated free of charge a certain time after the extraordinary general meeting.The share rights or the synthetic shares may not be transferred or pledged.Each share right may entitle the holder the right to receive a B-share in the company free of charge after the disclosure of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2025.Each synthetic share may entitle the holder the right to  at the same time  receive a cash payment corresponding to the share price of the Bonava B-share at the time of payment.The right to receive shares of series B pursuant to the share rights and the right to receive cash payment pursuant to the synthetic shares requires that the participant has not sold any of the Investment Shares and  with some limited exceptions  that the participant remains employed within the Bonava group until the publication of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2025.The share rights and the synthetic shares are divided into performance share rights and matching share rights. One-ninth of all share rights and synthetic shares the participant is allotted in total shall be matching share rights (i.e. the number of matching share rights corresponds to one-eight of the number of performance share rights)  for which no target fulfilment is required other than retained shareholding and continued employment in accordance with the paragraph above.Allocation of shares of series B and payment of cash compensation under the performance share rights also requires that Bonava fulfils the performance targets as described under the heading ""Performance targets"" below.In order to align the participants' interests with those of the shareholders  Bonava will compensate the participants if Bonava's dividends  viewed over the whole vesting period  exceed the level stipulated in the company's dividend policy. Dividend compensation is made in relation to the shares of series B and the cash payment that the participants receive.1.5 Performance targetsAllocation of shares of series B and payment of cash compensation under the performance share rights require fulfilment of two performance targets. The following applies to the performance share rights; 60% shall refer to target 1 (EBT) and 40% shall refer to target 2 (absolute TSR).Target 1 The performance target is related to Bonava's accumulated operating profit (EBT) during the period 2022-2024. The minimum level for the performance target shall amount to an accumulated operating profit of SEK 3.0 billion and the maximum level to an accumulated operating profit of SEK 3.7 billion. Where the level of fulfilment is between the minimum and the maximum level  the outcome will be calculated on a linear basis and the allocation  and payment of cash compensation  respectively  will be made based on achieved outcome.Target 2 The performance target is related to the total shareholder return (TSR)[1] on Bonava's shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a certain measurement period (see below). The minimum level for the performance target shall amount to a TSR of 20 % over a little less than three years (based on an annual TSR of 6.2 %) and the maximum level for the performance target shall amount to a TSR of 90 % over a little less than three years (based on an annual TSR of 23.9 %). Where the level of fulfilment is in line with the minimum level  allocation and payment of cash compensation will be made corresponding to 1/4 of the maximum allocation for the performance target. Where the level of fulfilment is between the minimum and the maximum level  the outcome will be calculated on a linear basis and the allocation will be made based on achieved outcome.The measurement period for measuring absolute TSR (Target 2) shall be the following. The starting value shall be the volume weighted average price on the company's shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five (5) days of trading following the publication of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2022 and the end value shall be the volume weighted average price on the company's shares of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during the five (5) days of trading following the publication of Bonava's interim report for the first quarter of 2025.1.6 Formulation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for the formulation and administration of the LTIP 2022  within the scope of terms and guidelines set out. The board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments  including to modify the allocation between share rights and synthetic shares  to fulfil specific regulations or market prerequisites in other jurisdictions. The board of directors shall be entitled to introduce an alternative long-term incentive plan for participants of LTIP 2022 employed in such countries where participation in LTIP 2022 is not appropriate. If material changes occur in the Bonava group or in its business environment  that would entail that the decided terms for allocation and the possibility to exercise the share rights or the synthetic shares in accordance with the LTIP 2022 no longer are appropriate  the board of directors shall be entitled to make other adjustments. Before finally determining allocation of shares of series B on the basis of the share rights and the payment of cash compensation on the basis of the synthetic shares  the board of directors shall assess whether the outcome of the LTIP 2022 is reasonable. This assessment is made in relation to Bonava's financial earnings and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances. If the board of directors assesses that the outcome is not reasonable  the board of directors shall reduce the number of shares of series B to be allocated and decrease the cash compensation to be paid.1.7 ScopeThe maximum number of shares of series B in Bonava which may be allocated under the LTIP 2022 shall be limited to 190 760 shares which represents approximately 0.18 % of all shares and approximately 0.09 % of all votes in the company. The cash payment may as maximum be based on 190 760 synthetic shares in which the value of a synthetic share is based on the share price of the shares of series B in Bonava at the time of payment. The number of shares of series B and the cash payment respectively included in the LTIP 2022 shall  in accordance with the detailed conditions that the board of directors stipulates be subject to recalculation if Bonava implements a bonus issue  a reversed share split or a share split  a rights issue  compensation for divided or similar actions  taking into account customary practice for similar incentive plans.1.8 HedgingThe board of directors has considered two alternative hedging methods for the LTIP 2022; either a hedging arrangement (equity swap) with a bank securing delivery of shares of series B under the plan or transfer of shares of series B in Bonava to entitled participants in the LTIP 2022. The board of directors considers the latter alternative to be preferable. The board of directors has therefore proposed that the extraordinary general meeting shall resolve on transfer of shares of series B in Bonava that are held by the company (see item B below). Should the extraordinary general meeting  however  not approve of the board of directors' proposal  the board of directors may enter into the hedging arrangement described above with a bank to secure the obligation of the company to deliver shares of series B under the plan.1.9 Costs under the planBased on the assumption of a share price of SEK 46 33 at the time of investment  all persons who have been offered to participate in the plan participates and that they make a maximum investment  that all participants stay in the plan until allocation and payment and that the maximum amount of shares are paid  the estimated total cost for LTIP 2022  including estimated cost for social security contributions  is approximately MSEK 25. The cost is equivalent to the value of approximately 0 5 % of Bonava's market capitalization based on the average closing price for shares of series B Bonava between 2 May - 6 May 2022. Assuming a positive share price development of 20% during the duration of the program  the cost increases to MSEK 29  which corresponds to approximately 0 6 % of Bonava's market capitalization.The annual cost of LTIP 2022  including social security contributions  is estimated to amount to approximately MSEK 8 in accordance with the conditions above which corresponds to 0.48% of Bonava's total staff costs  including social security contributions for the 2021.LTIP 2022 will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2  meaning that the share rights shall be charged as staff costs and recognised during the vesting period. Furthermore  this means that the synthetic shares' fair value at the time of allocation shall be charged as a staff cost and recognised during the vesting period and constantly be revalued at each reporting date.1.10 Effects on important key ratiosThe estimated annual cost for LTIP 2022 of MSEK 8 (based on the assumptions above) corresponds on a pro-forma basis for 2021 a negative effect on Bonava's operating margin of approximately 0.05 percentage points and a decrease of earnings per share of approximately SEK 0.06. However  the board of directors considers that the positive effects on Bonava's financial performance which are expected from an increased commitment  lock-in and shareholding by the participants as well as from the possibility to be allocated further shares under the program  outweighs the costs related to the LTIP 2022.1.11 The preparation of the proposalThe LTIP 2022 has been processed at board meetings and prepared in accordance with the guidelines adopted to be applied in LTIP 2021.1.12 Other incentive plans in BonavaThere are share-related incentive plans that has previously been implemented in Bonava  LTIP 2019  LTIP 2020 and LTIP 2021  see note 4 in Bonava's 2021 annual report  which is available at Bonava's website  bonava.com (http://www.bonava.com).1.13 The proposal by the board of directors.Referring to the description above  the board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves on the LTIP 2022.1.14 Majority requirementsA resolution to introduce the LTIP 2022 in accordance with the board of directors' proposal is valid when supported by shareholders holding more than half of the votes cast at the extraordinary general meeting.B. TRANSFER OF SHARES OF SERIES B IN BONAVA UNDER THE INCENTIVE PLANThe board of directors' proposal on a resolution to transfer shares of series B in Bonava as set out below  provides that the extraordinary general meeting first has resolved on a long-term performance-based incentive plan (LTIP 2022) in accordance with item A above.2.1 Transfer of shares of series B in Bonava to participants in the LTIP 2022The board of directors proposes that the extraordinary general meeting resolves to transfer shares of series B in the company in accordance with the following.Not more than 190 760 shares of series B in Bonava may be transferred (or the higher number of shares of series B due to recalculation as a result of a bonus issue  a reversed share split or a share split  rights issue  compensation for divided or similar actions).The shares of series B may be transferred to participants in the LTIP 2022 who under the terms for the LTIP 2022 are entitled to receive shares.Transfer of shares of series B shall be made at the time and otherwise according to the terms pursuant to the LTIP 2022.The reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the transfer of shares of series B is part of the execution of the LTIP 2022. Therefore  the board of directors considers the transfer of shares of series B in accordance with the proposal to benefit the company.Special majority requirementsA resolution by the extraordinary general meeting in accordance with item 6 B above is valid when supported by shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of both the votes casted and the shares represented at the general meeting.Shares and votesAt the day of this notice the total number of shares in the company amounts to 108435 822 shares  of which 11304982 are shares of series A and 97130 840 are shares of series B. Each share of series A represents ten (10) votes and each share of series B represents one (1) vote. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 210180660 votes at the day of this notice. The company owns 1245355 own shares of series B at the day of publication of this notice  corresponding to 1245355 votes  which cannot be represented at the meeting.Shareholder's right to request informationThe board and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board believes that it can be done without material harm to Bonava  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda or the company's relationship with other companies within the group. A request for such information shall be made in writing to Bonava AB  Att: the board of directors  Lindhagensgatan 72  Stockholm or by e-mail to bolagsstamma@bonava.com  no later than on 23 May 2022. The information will be provided by being kept available at the company and on the company's website  www.bonava.com/en/general-meeting/extra-general-meeting-2022  no later than on 28 May 2022. Within the same period of time  the information will also be sent to the shareholders who so request and state their postal or email address.Processing of personal dataAll processing of personal data in connection with the general meeting is conducted by Bonava and Euroclear Sweden AB in accordance with the following GDPR-policy: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf (https://eur02.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.euroclear.com%2Fdam%2FESw%2FLegal%2FPrivacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf&data=04%7C01%7C%7C2607b95f9543426da0b008d8d978093a%7Ccb0bb6f8f7864d739dfd5ff0cd9a4b03%7C0%7C0%7C637498456853507564%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C1000&sdata=h%2F0Y0q5MD2k4vwAobdFx2GgXoLz4O5IA%2BMckDLno3Xw%3D&reserved=0)DocumentationThe board of directors' complete proposals are included in the notice. The notice  postal voting form and proxy form is on the company's website and will also be sent to the shareholders who so request and state their postal or email address.____________________Stockholm in May 2022Bonava AB (publ)The Board of Directors[1] Including re-invested dividends.",neutral,0.04,0.88,0.08,negative,0.01,0.03,0.96,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'Bonava Group', 'Bonava AB', 'Notice', 'Länsförsäkringar Fonder', 'Livförsäkringsbolaget Skandia ömsesidig', 'A. LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE PLAN', 'maximum long-term value creation', 'long-term group-wide focus', 'Bonava extraordinary general meeting', 'P.O. Box', 'Mats Jönsson', 'A) Johannes Wingborg', 'other key personnel', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Oskar Börjesson', 'postal voting form', 'value growth', 'general meetings', 'other associations', 'series B', 'Bonava AB', 'voting registrations', 'voting rights', 'postal address', 'postal votes', 'temporary exceptions', 'BankID signing', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'share register', 'primary reason', 'executive management', 'voting list', 'designated form', 'completed form', 'B. transfer', 'Wednesday 1 June', 'record date', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'proxy form', ""shareholders' register"", 'Tuesday 24 May', 'two persons', 'advance vote', 'The LTIP', '27 May', 'Participation', 'notice', 'company', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'shares', 'name', 'order', 'nominees', 'Act', 'execution', 'companies', 'website', 'general-meeting', 'charge', 'recipient', 'notification', 'administrator', 'forms', 'Stockholm', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'reference', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'addition', 'Determination', 'Resolutions', 'Proposals', 'Item', 'board', 'request', 'directors', 'representative', 'shareholding', 'brief', 'interests', 'participants', 'recruitment', 'retention']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,privataaffarer.se
4537,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,We are hiring. Check out this job at Euroclear: Account Manager Japan #hiring #Euroclear https://t.co/P55JtqrHCj,nan,We are hiring. Check out this job at Euroclear: Account Manager Japan #hiring #Euroclear https://t.co/P55JtqrHCj,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Account Manager Japan', 'job', 'Euroclear', 'P55JtqrHCj', 'Account Manager Japan', 'job', 'Euroclear', 'P55JtqrHCj']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4538,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Aussie fintech for farmers AgriDigital raises $17.4m #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1KfZhcGsrp #regtech,nan,Aussie fintech for farmers AgriDigital raises $17.4m #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1KfZhcGsrp #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Aussie fintech', 'farmers', 'AgriDigital', 'KfZhcGsrp', 'regtech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Aussie fintech', 'farmers', 'AgriDigital', 'KfZhcGsrp', 'regtech']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4539,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,New Glasgow-based trading app Strikes prepares for launch #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ElS8Xr5vPh #regtech,nan,New Glasgow-based trading app Strikes prepares for launch #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ElS8Xr5vPh #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['New Glasgow-based trading app Strikes', 'launch', 'Fintech', 'ElS8Xr5vPh', 'regtech', 'New Glasgow-based trading app Strikes', 'launch', 'Fintech', 'ElS8Xr5vPh', 'regtech']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4540,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Why 1 billion women are excluded from the financial system #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Vp7LpV8zLt #regtech,nan,Why 1 billion women are excluded from the financial system #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/Vp7LpV8zLt #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.58,0.38,neutral,0.04,0.58,0.38,True,English,"['1 billion women', 'financial system', 'Fintech', 'Vp7LpV8zLt', 'regtech', '1 billion women', 'financial system', 'Fintech', 'Vp7LpV8zLt', 'regtech']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4541,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banks zig in sports marketing as fintechs and crypto firms zag #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ZoaLjkK1S4 #regtech,nan,Banks zig in sports marketing as fintechs and crypto firms zag #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ZoaLjkK1S4 #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,True,English,"['sports marketing', 'crypto firms', 'Banks', 'fintechs', 'co', 'ZoaLjkK1S4', 'regtech', 'sports marketing', 'crypto firms', 'Banks', 'fintechs', 'co', 'ZoaLjkK1S4', 'regtech']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4542,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/self-expanding-stents-market-2022-by-application-raw-material-with-industry-size-share-growth-and-analysis-forecast-report-to-2028,Self Expanding Stents Market 2022 by Application & Raw Material with Industry Size  Share  Growth and Analysis  Forecast Report to 2028,11 hours ago,Worldwide Market Reports Offers Premium Research Report on Global Self Expanding Stents Market with “Top Key Players  Top Countries Data  Industry Size  Trends and Business Growth” and also Contains information and understanding of the Self Expanding Stents. The report also provides growth projection till forecasted period. The report also provides a snapshot of the competitive landscape of the key players operating in the market along with the percentage market share of the top players. The report has a section on the impact of COVID-19. This analysis includes demand & supply side implications of Self Expanding Stents Industry. The report is built using data and information sourced from primary & secondary research  proprietary databases  paid data base among others.Ask for Sample Copy of Self Expanding Stents Market Report at: https://www.worldwidemarketreports.com/sample/395559The major players covered in the market report are:◉ Abbott◉ Aesculap◉ Stryker◉ Andramed◉ Balton◉ Biotronik◉ Braile◉ Clearstream◉ CordisBy Type :◉ General TypeBy Application :◉ Peripheral Nervous System◉ Digestive System◉ ArteryMarket segment by regions  regional analysis covers:◉ North America (United States  Canada and Mexico)◉ Europe (Germany  France  United Kingdom  Russia  Italy  and Rest of Europe)◉ Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  Southeast Asia  and Australia)◉ South America (Brazil  Argentina  Colombia  and Rest of South America)◉ Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia  UAE  Egypt  South Africa  and Rest of Middle East & Africa).Ask for sample Copy of the Report at: https://www.worldwidemarketreports.com/sample/395559Reasons to Purchase Report:◉ Qualitative and quantitative analysis of the market based on segmentation involving both economic as well as non-economic factors◉ Provision of market value (USD Billion) data for each segment and sub-segment◉ Indicates the region and segment that is expected to witness the fastest growth as well as to dominate the market◉ Analysis by geography highlighting the consumption of the product/service in the region as well as indicating the factors that are affecting the market within each region.◉ Competitive landscape which incorporates the market ranking of the major players  along with new service/product launches  partnerships  business expansions and acquisitions in the past Few years of companies profiledPurchase Premium Report on Self Expanding Stents Market at: https://www.worldwidemarketreports.com/buy/395559At the end  the report offers in-depth analysis of the Self Expanding Stents market at the global  regional (North America  Asia-Pacific  Europe  Latin America  and Middle East and Africa) and key country (the US  Canada  China  India  Japan  South Korea  the U.K.  Germany  France  Brazil  Mexico) levels. The market estimates and forecasts for the segmentation mentioned in the study will be provided at regional and country level. The market estimates and forecast will help understand the dominant region in 2022 and will further enlighten the upcoming region that will generate major revenue in the Self Expanding Stents market.Contact Us:Worldwide Market Reports Tel: U.S. +1-415-871-0703U.K. +44-203-289-4040Japan +81-50-5539-1737Email: [email protected]Website: https://www.worldwidemarketreports.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.93,0.03,True,English,"['Self Expanding Stents Market', 'Raw Material', 'Industry Size', 'Forecast Report', 'Application', 'Share', 'Growth', 'Analysis', 'Global Self Expanding Stents Market', 'Self Expanding Stents Market Report', 'Self Expanding Stents Industry', 'supply side implications', 'new service/product launches', 'past Few years', 'Worldwide Market Reports', 'percentage market share', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'Top Countries Data', 'Premium Research Report', 'Purchase Premium Report', 'Top Key Players', 'global, regional', 'Industry Size', 'top players', 'market value', 'market ranking', 'market estimates', 'secondary research', '◉ Digestive System', 'Purchase Report', 'key country', 'major players', 'Business Growth', 'growth projection', 'competitive landscape', 'proprietary databases', 'Sample Copy', 'North America', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'Southeast Asia', '◉ South America', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'USD Billion', 'fastest growth', 'business expansions', 'Latin America', 'U.K.', 'country level', 'major revenue', 'U.S.', 'Market segment', 'data base', 'quantitative analysis', 'depth analysis', '◉ General Type', 'non-economic factors', 'South Korea', 'Contact Us', 'dominant region', 'upcoming region', 'regional analysis', 'South Africa', '◉ Analysis', 'Trends', 'information', 'understanding', 'period', 'snapshot', 'section', 'impact', 'COVID', 'demand', 'primary', 'others', 'worldwidemarketreports', '◉ Abbott', '◉ Aesculap', '◉ Stryker', '◉ Andramed', '◉ Balton', '◉ Biotronik', '◉ Braile', '◉ Clearstream', '◉ Cordis', 'Application', '◉ Artery', 'regions', 'Canada', 'Mexico', '◉ Europe', 'Germany', 'France', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'Rest', '◉ Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'Reasons', 'Qualitative', 'segmentation', '◉ Provision', 'sub-segment', 'geography', 'consumption', 'product/service', 'partnerships', 'acquisitions', 'companies', 'levels', 'forecasts', 'study', 'Tel', 'Email', 'Website']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,digitaljournal.com
4543,Clearstream,Google API,https://manufacturelink.com.au/global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-2022-2030-forecast-medtronic-inc-angiomed-gmbh-abbott-laboratories-vascular-enterprises-limited/303102/,Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market 2022-2030 Forecast: Medtronic Inc.  Angiomed GmbH  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited – ManufactureLink,18 hours ago,2022  Update on Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market which provides an analysis of the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry comprising of significant information related to different product definitions  market classifications  market trends  market size  geographical presence  and major market players in the industry chain structure. Research clears important questions and doubts related to current market position. It gives market analysis for previous years (2016-2021) and forecast analysis for upcoming years (2022-2030).The report analyse major market manufactures/players on the basis of their positions  revenue and sales figure in the global market. It includes most dominant market players classified in terms of geography and regions.Key manufactures/players profiled in the study are:Medtronic Inc.Angiomed GmbHAbbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises LimitedTerumo CorporationENDOLOGIX Inc.William„ÄÄCook„ÄÄEurope„ÄÄApSBolton Medical Inc.Jotec GmbHClearStream Technologies Ltd.Aesculap AGBoston Scientific CorporationCurative Medical Devices GmbhLepuMicroportBioteqResearch offering well-studied comprehensions for Peripheral Vascular Devices Market. The verified secondary data sources like official and company websites  premium databases  annual reports  ICIS  SEC filings  government pronouncements were used to collect the data and information.Get sample report: https://courant.biz/request-sample/?id=90317Research gives complete overview of Peripheral Vascular Devices industry. Global Peripheral Vascular Devices market is segmented on the basis of product types  application types  sales channels and geographical segmentation. Each and every segment is analyse based on production  volume  sales figures  market size  market share and growth rate. Provide complete overview of the current competitive environment. To analyse information  multiple research methodology and tools have been used. Value Chain Analysis  SWOT analysis and Porters Five Forces analysis model were utilized to construct the vendor landscape.Product Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume  Average Price  Revenue  Market Share and Trend):Peripheral Vascular StentsPTA Balloon CatheterEmbolic Protection DeviceAortic Stent GraftSurgical Artificial TransplantApplication Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume  Average Price  Revenue  Market Share and Trend):The Treatment of Peripheral Blood Vessels DamagedThe Treatment of Peripheral Blood Vessels BlockageSales Channels:Direct ChannelDistribution ChannelRead complete scope of research:https://courant.biz/report/global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-2/90317/Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume  Average Price  Revenue  Market Share and Trend):North America (United States  Canada and Mexico)Europe (Germany  UK  France  Italy  Russia and Spain etc.)Asia-Pacific (China  Japan  Korea  India  Australia and Southeast Asia etc.)South America (Brazil  Argentina and Colombia etc.)Middle East & Africa (South Africa  UAE and Saudi Arabia etc.)The content of the study subjects  includes a total of 10 chapters:Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Overview (Market Size Status and Outlook  Market Size Comparison by Region  by product type and by application  COVID-19 imapct) Market Segment Analysis by Player (Sales  revenue  average price and market share by Player) Market Segment Analysis by Type (Leading Players in 2020  Average Price by Type (2016-2020)) Market Segment Analysis by Application (Sales and Market Share by Application (2016-2020)) Market Segment Analysis by Sales Channel (Market by Sales Channel  Leading Distributors/Dealers) Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segment Analysis by Region (Market Size and CAGR by Region (2016-2030)  Sales and Market Share by Region (2016-2020)) Profile of Leading Players (Business Performance (Sales  Price  Revenue  Gross Margin and Market Share)) Upstream and Downstream Analysis of Peripheral Vascular Devices (Raw Materials  Labor Cost  Manufacturing Expenses  Manufacturing Cost Structure and Manufacturing Process) Development Trend of Peripheral Vascular Devices (2021-2030) (Market Size and CAGR Forecast by Type  by region and sales & revenue forecast) Appendix (Research Methodology  Data Sources  Analysts Certification)Check Table of Content: https://courant.biz/report/global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-2/90317/Key questions answered by this report include:Global and regional market size for years 2016-2021 and forecast analysis 2022-2030Identify Major Players for Peripheral Vascular Devices industry by analysing their revenue  costing structure and profitsDrivers and challenges impacting market growth ?Cost and profit status of Peripheral Vascular Devices  and marketing statusCustomization of the research:This research can alter or customize to achieve clients requirements. We requet you to please connect with our sales team ([email protected])  who will ensure that you get a report that suits your needs. You can also get in touch with our executives on +1 (210) 807 3402 to share your research requirements.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.43,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Medtronic Inc.', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'Forecast', 'ManufactureLink', 'Aortic Stent Graft Surgical Artificial Transplant', 'Peripheral Blood Vessels Blockage Sales Channels', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Porters Five Forces analysis model', 'Curative Medical Devices Gmbh Lepu', 'Global Peripheral Vascular Devices Market', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Overview', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'Direct Channel Distribution Channel', 'most dominant market players', 'Peripheral Vascular Stents', 'Product Type Segment Analysis', 'Bolton Medical Inc.', 'industry chain structure', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd', 'current competitive environment', 'PTA Balloon Catheter', 'Embolic Protection Device', 'different product definitions', 'Value Chain Analysis', 'current market position', 'ENDOLOGIX Inc. William', 'Regional Segment Analysis', 'Boston Scientific Corporation', 'major market manufactures', 'Market Segment Analysis', 'Market Size Comparison', 'regional market size', 'major market players', 'secondary data sources', 'Market Size Status', 'Application Segment Analysis', 'multiple research methodology', 'Manufacturing Cost Structure', 'global market', 'market analysis', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'Jotec GmbH', 'complete overview', 'Major Players', 'forecast analysis', 'product types', 'SWOT analysis', 'Downstream Analysis', 'market classifications', 'market trends', 'market growth', 'Medtronic Inc', 'costing structure', 'market share', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Leading Players', 'Manufacturing Expenses', 'Manufacturing Process', 'profit status', 'marketing status', 'geographical presence', 'important questions', 'Key manufactures/players', 'Aesculap AG', 'company websites', 'premium databases', 'annual reports', 'SEC filings', 'government pronouncements', 'courant.biz', 'geographical segmentation', 'growth rate', 'vendor landscape', 'complete scope', 'North America', 'United States', 'Southeast Asia', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'Saudi Arabia', 'Business Performance', 'Gross Margin', 'Raw Materials', 'Labor Cost', 'Analysts Certification', 'Check Table', 'Key questions', 'clients requirements', 'sales figure', 'sales team', 'Average Price', 'Consumption Volume', 'previous years', 'upcoming years', 'application types', 'Bioteq Research', 'South Africa', 'study subjects', 'CAGR Forecast', 'significant information', 'Development Trend', 'revenue forecast', 'sample report', 'Update', 'doubts', 'basis', 'positions', 'terms', 'geography', 'regions', 'ÄÄCook', 'ÄÄEurope', 'ÄÄApS', 'Microport', 'comprehensions', 'official', 'ICIS', 'request', 'production', 'tools', 'Treatment', 'global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market', 'Canada', 'Mexico', 'Germany', 'UK', 'France', 'Italy', 'Russia', 'Spain', 'Asia-Pacific', 'China', 'Japan', 'Korea', 'India', 'Australia', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'content', 'total', '10 chapters', 'Outlook', 'COVID', 'imapct', 'Dealers', 'Profile', 'Appendix', 'profits', 'Drivers', 'challenges', 'Customization', 'needs']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,manufacturelink.com.au
4544,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+424B5+AMERIPRISE+FINANCIAL/20046579.html,Form 424B5 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL,8 hours ago,named in your prospectus supplement; if none is named  the depositary will be DTC and the global security will be registered  at the request of DTC  in the name of Cede & Co.A global security may represent one or any other number of individual securities. Generally  all securities represented by the same global security will have the same terms. We may  however  issue a global security that represents multiple securities of the same kind  such as debt securities  that have different terms and are issued at different times. This kind of global security is called a master global security.A global security may not be transferred to or registered in the name of anyone other than the depositary or its nominee  unless special termination situations arise. We describe those situations below under “— Holder’s Option to Obtain a Non-Global Security; Special Situations When a Global Security Will Be Terminated.” As a result of these arrangements  the depositary  or its nominee  will be the sole registered owner and holder of all securities represented by a global security  and investors will be permitted to own only indirect interests in a global security. Indirect interests must be held by means of an account with a broker  bank or other financial institution that in turn has an account with the depositary or with another institution that does. Thus  an investor whose security is represented by a global security will not be a holder of the security  but only an indirect owner of an interest in the global security.If the prospectus supplement for a particular security indicates that the security will be issued in global form only  then the security will be represented by a global security at all times unless and until the global security is terminated. We describe the situations in which this can occur below under “— Holder’s Option to Obtain a Non-Global Security; Special Situations When a Global Security Will Be Terminated.” If termination occurs  we may issue the securities through another book-entry clearing system or decide that the securities may no longer be held through any book-entry clearing system.Special Considerations for Global SecuritiesAs an indirect owner  an investor’s rights relating to a global security will be governed by the account rules of the depositary and those of the investor’s bank  broker  financial institution or other intermediary through which it holds its interest (e.g.  Euroclear or Clearstream  if DTC is the depositary)  as well as general laws relating to securities transfers. We do not recognize this type of investor or any intermediary as a holder of securities and instead deal only with the depositary that holds the global security.If securities are issued only in the form of a global security  an investor should be aware of the following:•An investor cannot cause the securities to be registered in his or her own name  and cannot obtain non-global certificates for his or her interest in the securities  except in the special situations we describe below;​•An investor will be an indirect holder and must look to his or her own bank  broker or other financial institution for payments on the securities and protection of his or her legal rights relating to the securities  as we describe above under “— Who Is the Legal Owner of a Registered Security?”;​•An investor may not be able to sell interests in the securities to some insurance companies and other institutions that are required by law to own their securities in non-book-entry form;​•An investor may not be able to pledge his or her interest in a global security in circumstances where certificates representing the securities must be delivered to the lender or other beneficiary of the pledge in order for the pledge to be effective;​•The depositary’s policies will govern payments  deliveries  transfers  exchanges  notices and other matters relating to an investor’s interest in a global security  and those policies may change from time to time. We  the trustee and any warrant agents and unit agents will have no responsibility for any aspect of the depositary’s policies  actions or records of ownership interests in a global security. We  the trustee and any warrant agents and unit agents also do not supervise the depositary in any way;​•The depositary may require that those who purchase and sell interests in a global security within its book-entry system use immediately available funds and your bank  broker or other financial institution may require you to do so as well; and​,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Form 424B5 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL', 'book-entry clearing system', 'sole registered owner', 'other financial institution', 'same global security', 'special termination situations', 'book-entry system', 'Registered Security', 'other number', 'other institutions', 'other beneficiary', 'other matters', 'same terms', 'indirect owner', 'Legal Owner', 'Special Considerations', 'book-entry form', 'Special Situations', 'prospectus supplement', 'different terms', 'general laws', 'insurance companies', 'warrant agents', 'unit agents', 'available funds', 'particular security', 'other intermediary', 'same kind', 'global form', 'indirect interests', 'ownership interests', 'different times', 'non-global certificates', 'legal rights', 'account rules', 'Global Securities', 'individual securities', 'multiple securities', 'debt securities', 'indirect holder', 'securities transfers', 'none', 'depositary', 'DTC', 'request', 'name', 'Cede', 'Co.', 'nominee', 'Option', 'result', 'arrangements', 'investors', 'means', 'broker', 'bank', 'turn', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'type', 'payments', 'protection', 'circumstances', 'lender', 'pledge', 'order', 'policies', 'deliveries', 'exchanges', 'notices', 'trustee', 'responsibility', 'aspect', 'actions', 'records', 'way']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,streetinsider.com
4545,Clearstream,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/deutsche-borse-enhances-transparency-fixed-income-market-bond-liquidity-data/,Deutsche Börse enhances fixed-income market transparency with Bond Liquidity Data,Going by the name “Deutsche Börse’s Market Data + Services”  the solution leverages data from instructions on international securities settled by Clearstream’s ICSD. Deutsche Börse and its post-trade service provider Clearstream will now be able ...,Going by the name “Deutsche Börse’s Market Data + Services”  the solution leverages data from instructions on international securities settled by Clearstream’s ICSD. Deutsche Börse and its post-trade service provider Clearstream will now be able ...,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'fixed-income market transparency', 'Bond Liquidity Data', 'Market Data + Services', 'Deutsche Börse', 'post-trade service provider', 'international securities', 'name', 'solution', 'instructions', 'Clearstream', 'ICSD']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,financefeeds.com
4546,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/deutsche-borse-and-clearstream-partner-on-fixed-income-data-platform/,Deutsche Börse and Clearstream partner on fixed income data platform,Deutsche Börse and Clearstream have co-developed a new data service  offering analytics and insights into the fixed income marketplace. Called Bond Liquidity Data  the new platform will pull aggregated data of settlement instructions for international ...,Deutsche Börse and Clearstream have co-developed a new data service  offering analytics and insights into the fixed income marketplace.Called Bond Liquidity Data  the new platform will pull aggregated data of settlement instructions for international securities from Clearstream’s ICSD. Investors will be able to evaluate fixed income asset and portfolios  measure liquidity and systemic risk of bond issuers and estimate execution prices for secondary trades.Alireza Dorfard  head of market data and services at Deutsche Börse  noted the fragmented and non-transparent nature of the European fixed income market  with relevant data stored with different market participants. “Our customers have  therefore  a strong demand for high-quality data on fixed-income instrument prices and volumes. With this new offering  we further support them in making an informed assessment and decision ” he said.Guido Wille  head of eurobonds business at Clearstream  added: “Clearstream processes close to 800 000 new issuances of international securities annually… Being at the beginning and the end of the fixed income value chain  we are uniquely positioned to provide comprehensive post-trade data  making the international bond market more transparent and thus more efficient.”The two organisations evidently recognise data as growth point for their businesses. In March this year  Deutsche Börse acquired data specialist Kneip with a view to forming a fund data hub based in Luxembourg – expanding its range of services  including data and post-trade services provided by Clearstream.Speaking at the time  Philippe Seyll  head of investment fund services at Deutsche Börse Group  said the move represented a chance to create “a leading European fund data champion” based in Luxembourg.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['fixed income data platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Clearstream partner', 'leading European fund data champion', 'fixed income value chain', 'European fixed income market', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'fixed income marketplace', 'fixed income asset', 'fund data hub', 'different market participants', 'fixed-income instrument prices', 'data specialist Kneip', 'investment fund services', 'comprehensive post-trade data', 'international bond market', 'new data service', 'market data', 'bond issuers', 'execution prices', 'aggregated data', 'relevant data', 'high-quality data', 'international securities', 'new platform', 'new offering', '800,000 new issuances', 'post-trade services', 'settlement instructions', 'systemic risk', 'secondary trades', 'Alireza Dorfard', 'transparent nature', 'strong demand', 'informed assessment', 'Guido Wille', 'eurobonds business', 'two organisations', 'growth point', 'Philippe Seyll', 'Clearstream processes', 'analytics', 'insights', 'ICSD', 'Investors', 'portfolios', 'liquidity', 'head', 'fragmented', 'customers', 'volumes', 'decision', 'beginning', 'end', 'businesses', 'March', 'view', 'Luxembourg', 'range', 'time', 'move', 'chance']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,thetradenews.com
4547,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@DeutscheBoerse and @Clearstream  partner on fixed income data platform - @globalcustodian https://t.co/Wwwigt2Ny6,nan,.@DeutscheBoerse and @Clearstream  partner on fixed income data platform - @globalcustodian https://t.co/Wwwigt2Ny6,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['fixed income data platform', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'globalcustodian', 'Wwwigt2Ny6', 'fixed income data platform', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'globalcustodian', 'Wwwigt2Ny6']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4548,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,New service by Deutsche Börse and Clearstream to bring transparency and insights into the highly fragmented fixed-i… https://t.co/5jiqImhkf0,nan,New service by Deutsche Börse and Clearstream to bring transparency and insights into the highly fragmented fixed-i… https://t.co/5jiqImhkf0,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'New service', 'Clearstream', 'transparency', 'insights', 'jiqImhkf0', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New service', 'Clearstream', 'transparency', 'insights', 'jiqImhkf0']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4549,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Guido Wille  Head of Eurobonds Business at Clearstream  added:As one of the major international central securitie… https://t.co/rWyeWhBo0Q,nan,Guido Wille  Head of Eurobonds Business at Clearstream  added:As one of the major international central securitie… https://t.co/rWyeWhBo0Q,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['major international central securitie', 'Guido Wille', 'Eurobonds Business', 'Head', 'Clearstream', 'rWyeWhBo0Q', 'major international central securitie', 'Guido Wille', 'Eurobonds Business', 'Head', 'Clearstream', 'rWyeWhBo0Q']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4550,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@DeutscheBoerse's new Bond #Liquidity Data service will use data from Clearstream #ICSD #settlement instructions t… https://t.co/4F2eOkYLSM,nan,.@DeutscheBoerse's new Bond #Liquidity Data service will use data from Clearstream #ICSD #settlement instructions t… https://t.co/4F2eOkYLSM,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['new Bond #Liquidity Data service', 'settlement instructions', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Clearstream', 'F2eOkYLSM', 'new Bond #Liquidity Data service', 'settlement instructions', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'Clearstream', 'F2eOkYLSM']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4551,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Together with @Clearstream  we increase transparency in the #fixedincome market and further support investors in ma… https://t.co/qd2mPNiEai,nan,Together with @Clearstream  we increase transparency in the #fixedincome market and further support investors in ma… https://t.co/qd2mPNiEai,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['transparency', 'investors', 'qd2mPNiEai', 'transparency', 'investors', 'qd2mPNiEai']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4552,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.thetradenews.com/deutsche-borse-and-clearstream-partner-on-fixed-income-data-platform/,Deutsche Börse and Clearstream partner on fixed income data platform,10 hours ago,Deutsche Börse and Clearstream have co-developed a new data service  offering analytics and insights into the fixed income marketplace.Called Bond Liquidity Data  the new platform will pull aggregated data of settlement instructions for international securities from Clearstream’s ICSD. Investors will be able to evaluate fixed income asset and portfolios  measure liquidity and systemic risk of bond issuers and estimate execution prices for secondary trades.Alireza Dorfard  head of market data and services at Deutsche Börse  noted the fragmented and non-transparent nature of the European fixed income market  with relevant data stored with different market participants. “Our customers have  therefore  a strong demand for high-quality data on fixed-income instrument prices and volumes. With this new offering  we further support them in making an informed assessment and decision ” he said.Guido Wille  head of eurobonds business at Clearstream  added: “Clearstream processes close to 800 000 new issuances of international securities annually… Being at the beginning and the end of the fixed income value chain  we are uniquely positioned to provide comprehensive post-trade data  making the international bond market more transparent and thus more efficient.”The two organisations evidently recognise data as growth point for their businesses. In March this year  Deutsche Börse acquired data specialist Kneip with a view to forming a fund data hub based in Luxembourg – expanding its range of services  including data and post-trade services provided by Clearstream.Speaking at the time  Philippe Seyll  head of investment fund services at Deutsche Börse Group  said the move represented a chance to create “a leading European fund data champion” based in Luxembourg.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['fixed income data platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Clearstream partner', 'leading European fund data champion', 'fixed income value chain', 'European fixed income market', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'fixed income marketplace', 'fixed income asset', 'fund data hub', 'different market participants', 'fixed-income instrument prices', 'data specialist Kneip', 'investment fund services', 'comprehensive post-trade data', 'international bond market', 'new data service', 'market data', 'bond issuers', 'execution prices', 'aggregated data', 'relevant data', 'high-quality data', 'international securities', 'new platform', 'new offering', '800,000 new issuances', 'post-trade services', 'settlement instructions', 'systemic risk', 'secondary trades', 'Alireza Dorfard', 'transparent nature', 'strong demand', 'informed assessment', 'Guido Wille', 'eurobonds business', 'two organisations', 'growth point', 'Philippe Seyll', 'Clearstream processes', 'analytics', 'insights', 'ICSD', 'Investors', 'portfolios', 'liquidity', 'head', 'fragmented', 'customers', 'volumes', 'decision', 'beginning', 'end', 'businesses', 'March', 'view', 'Luxembourg', 'range', 'time', 'move', 'chance']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,thetradenews.com
4553,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-underperforms-monday-when-compared-to-competitors-01652130554-2aa282a7e226,Nasdaq Inc. stock underperforms Monday when compared to competitors,23 hours ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -0.27% slid 4.01% to $146.18 Monday  on what proved to be an all-around poor trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  +0.25% falling 3.20% to 3 991.24 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -0.26% falling 1.99% to 32 245.70. This was the stock's third consecutive day of losses. Nasdaq Inc. closed $68.78 short of its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Monday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  +1.77% fell 2.01% to $40.66  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  -0.66% fell 4.17% to $201.60  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  +2.04% fell 1.59% to $16.67. Trading volume (736 097) remained 106 530 below its 50-day average volume of 842 627.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.01,0.06,0.92,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'competitors', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'third consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'automation technology provider', 'poor trading session', 'market data terms', 'ADR HKXCY', 'Trading volume', '52-week high', 'mixed performance', 'Clearing Ltd.', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'Monday', 'losses', 'company', 'November', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,marketwatch.com
4554,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.investing.com/news/muench-rueckvers-earnings-revenue-miss-in-q1-2821473,Muench. Rueckvers. Earnings  Revenue Miss in Q1 By Investing.com,9 hours ago,Investing.com - Muench. Rueckvers. (ETR: ) reported on Tuesday first quarter that missed analysts' forecasts and revenue that fell short of expectations.Muench. Rueckvers. announced earnings per share of €4.38 on revenue of €11.31B. Analysts polled by Investing.com anticipated EPS of €5.16 on revenue of €14.76B.Muench. Rueckvers. shares are down 16% from the beginning of the year  still down 23.29% from its 52 week high of €282.25 set on February 1. They are under-performing the which is down 13.62% from the start of the year.Muench. Rueckvers. shares gained 1.31% in intra-day trade following the report.Muench. Rueckvers. follows other major Financial sector earnings this monthMuench. Rueckvers.'s report follows an earnings beat by Deutsche Boerse on April 25  who reported EPS of €2.4 on revenue of €1.19B  compared to forecasts EPS of €2.14 on revenue of €1.07B.Deutsche Bank AG had beat expectations on April 27 with first quarter EPS of €0.51 on revenue of €7.33B  compared to forecast for EPS of €0.4975 on revenue of €7.33B.Stay up-to-date on all of the upcoming earnings reports by visiting Investing.com's earnings calendar,negative,0.03,0.13,0.84,negative,0.01,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Muench', 'Rueckvers', 'Earnings', 'Revenue', 'Q1', 'Investing', 'other major Financial sector earnings', 'Tuesday first quarter', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'upcoming earnings reports', 'first quarter EPS', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'earnings calendar', 'Investing.com', '52 week high', 'intra-day trade', ""analysts' forecasts"", 'Muench', 'Rueckvers', 'ETR', 'revenue', 'expectations', 'share', 'beginning', 'year', 'February', 'start', 'April']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,investing.com
4555,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.gurufocus.com/news/1707600/eplay-digital-provides-fan-freak-games-update,ePlay Digital Provides Fan Freak Games Update,9 hours ago,"VANCOUVER  BC / ACCESSWIRE / May 10  2022 / Survivor format and Simulated NBA design complete and development beginsePlay Digital Inc . (CSE:EPY)( OTCPINK:EPYFF)( FSE:2NY2) (the ""Company"") today announced an update on its Fan Freak sports streak game development. With new partners (to be announced)  user feedback  usage analytics  and existing Fan Freak road map  two new games have started development.""Every sports gaming app has us waiting hours  even days  to learn if our NBA or NFL team is a winner and our picks are correct "" says Trevor Doerksen  CEO of ePlay Digital. ""Sports gaming in the metaverse can repeat that long  daily beat or it can borrow video games and esports. ePlay is creating a new sports gaming model with more games and fast results using real-world NBA data with real-time simulations.""The new game uses a unique database of NBA scores and player statistics used to assess trades  new player signings  and other scouting functions. Comprehensive and deep data including from NBA player touches to 3-pointers are used by Fan Freak to generate simulated games. The simulations can  for example  add retired 7-time NBA champion Robert Horry to tomorrow's NBA playoff match or Lebron to a 2001 playoff match. The full game is replayed by the simulator in seconds with a full scorecard and play-by-play breakdown.The ability to deliver simulated matches in Fan Freak allows users to build streaks with simulated games rapidly at the same time as waiting for real-world matches to complete at the end of the evening. It allows legendary players to be assigned to any team - even if just for a few minutes.Streak games have become very popular with the NY Times purchase of Wordle. One Wordle a day is a great format for some. Others want to play more often. In sports  waiting for the results of tonight's game leaves engagement and dollars on the table.The other new game being developed for Fan Freak is a pre-paid and guaranteed daily and multiple day-part prize money game. Users will enter Survivor Shallenge/s and the best predictions and streaks win guaranteed prize pools.ePlay has recently discussed its transition to full monetization and partnerships that tie directly to new sources of users  revenue  and intellectual property. The transition to full commercialization features multiple revenue models with each product moving to full monetization. Full commercialization also includes release on multiple platforms including Android  smart watch  smart TV  iPad  etc.These two new games increase the amount of time a user can spend using Fan Freak  the number of ways to play  and for monetization.About ePlayePlay Digital Inc. is a mobile game creator and publisher specializing in sports  esports and entertainment augmented reality titles  including the  award-winning  augmented reality running app  Klocked.run   sports gaming app Fan Freak   flagship title Big Shot Basketball and Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration - HowiesGames.fun . ePlay is operated by an award-winning team of sports  gaming and eSports leaders as well as broadcast and digital technology industry experts  software engineers and athletes who have brought dozens of game titles to market for companies including Time Warner Cable  ESPN  Sony Pictures  AXS TV  Intel  AXN  Fiat  CBS  and others.ePlay's wholly-owned subsidiary Mobovivo specializes in augmented reality  mobile game  Web3  and metaverse development.ePlay Released GamesHowie Go Viral - iOS / AndroidOutbreak ES - iOSOutbreak Unlimited - iOS / AndroidSwishAR ES - iOSSwishAR - iOS / AndroidBig Shot Basketball - iOS / AndroidBig Swish - iOSBig Shot Swish ES - iOSKlocked Augmented Reality Fitness App - Klocked.meFan Freak Sports AppFurther InformationFurther details are available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and the Company's profile on the CSE's website at www.thecse.com/For further media information  or to set up an interview  please contact:ePlay Digital Inc.Trevor Doerksen(310) 684-3857‬E-mail: [email protected]Website: www.eplaydigital.comCanadian Securities Exchange (CSE): Symbol EPYDeutsche Boerse Xetra - Frankfurt Stock Exchange: Symbol 2NY2; WKN: A2AN4D; ISIN CA26885W1041SOURCE: ePlay Digital IncView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/700617/ePlay-Digital-Provides-Fan-Freak-Games-Update",neutral,0.11,0.69,0.2,mixed,0.55,0.27,0.18,True,English,"['Fan Freak Games Update', 'ePlay Digital', 'existing Fan Freak road map', 'award-winning, augmented reality running app', 'multiple day-part prize money game', 'Howie Mandel mobile game collaboration', 'Klocked Augmented Reality Fitness App', 'Fan Freak sports streak game development', 'sports gaming app Fan Freak', 'entertainment augmented reality titles', 'digital technology industry experts', 'Fan Freak Sports App', 'Big Shot Swish ES', 'new sports gaming model', 'guaranteed prize pools', 'Howie Go Viral', 'Big Shot Basketball', 'mobile game creator', 'other scouting functions', 'NY Times purchase', 'Canadian Securities Exchange', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'other new game', '7-time NBA champion', 'new player signings', 'multiple revenue models', 'NBA player touches', 'Android Big Swish', 'Time Warner Cable', 'Simulated NBA design', 'ePlay Digital Inc', 'two new games', 'real-world NBA data', 'NBA playoff match', 'game titles', 'Streak games', 'multiple platforms', 'award-winning team', 'full game', '2001 playoff match', 'Outbreak ES', 'new partners', 'new sources', 'player statistics', 'Klocked.run', 'NBA scores', 'deep data', 'real-world matches', 'simulated games', 'simulated matches', 'Survivor format', 'usage analytics', 'Trevor Doerksen', 'video games', 'unique database', 'Robert Horry', 'full scorecard', 'play breakdown', 'same time', 'legendary players', 'great format', 'Survivor Shallenge/s', 'best predictions', 'intellectual property', 'full commercialization', 'smart watch', 'smart TV', 'flagship title', 'software engineers', 'Sony Pictures', 'AXS TV', 'metaverse development', 'Outbreak Unlimited', 'Further Information', 'Further details', 'media information', 'NFL team', 'full monetization', 'user feedback', 'fast results', 'real-time simulations', 'One Wordle', 'source version', 'eSports leaders', 'Symbol EPY', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'May', 'complete', 'CSE', 'OTCPINK', 'EPYFF', 'FSE', '2NY', 'Company', 'update', 'hours', 'winner', 'picks', 'CEO', 'trades', 'Comprehensive', '3-pointers', 'example', 'tomorrow', 'Lebron', 'simulator', 'seconds', 'ability', 'users', 'streaks', 'evening', 'minutes', 'Others', 'tonight', 'engagement', 'dollars', 'table', 'daily', 'transition', 'partnerships', 'product', 'release', 'iPad', 'amount', 'number', 'ways', 'publisher', 'HowiesGames', 'broadcast', 'athletes', 'dozens', 'market', 'companies', 'ESPN', 'AXN', 'Fiat', 'CBS', 'subsidiary', 'Mobovivo', 'Web', 'iOS', 'SwishAR', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'interview', 'mail', 'eplaydigital', 'WKN', 'A2AN4D', 'ISIN']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,gurufocus.com
4556,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/deutsche-borse-enhances-transparency-fixed-income-market-bond-liquidity-data/,Deutsche Börse enhances fixed-income market transparency with Bond Liquidity Data,“European trading in fixed-income instruments is highly fragmented and non-transparent  as most transactions are over the counter and different data is stored with different market participants.” Deutsche Börse has launched a new service that provides ...,“European trading in fixed-income instruments is highly fragmented and non-transparent  as most transactions are over the counter and different data is stored with different market participants.” Deutsche Börse has launched a new service that provides ...,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'fixed-income market transparency', 'Bond Liquidity Data', 'Deutsche Börse', 'different market participants', 'different data', 'European trading', 'fixed-income instruments', 'most transactions', 'new service', 'counter']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,financefeeds.com
4557,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,360T  Deutsche Börse Group’s affiliated FX trading venue  has augmented its business with the appointment of Chris… https://t.co/bEOIeqI8uw,nan,360T  Deutsche Börse Group’s affiliated FX trading venue  has augmented its business with the appointment of Chris… https://t.co/bEOIeqI8uw,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'FX trading venue', '360T', 'business', 'appointment', 'Chris', 'bEOIeqI8uw', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'FX trading venue', '360T', 'business', 'appointment', 'Chris', 'bEOIeqI8uw']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4558,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize is the UK’s biggest photography prize. It’s also the best.This ye… https://t.co/uPunaxZhMy,nan,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize is the UK’s biggest photography prize. It’s also the best.This ye… https://t.co/uPunaxZhMy,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'biggest photography prize', 'UK', 'uPunaxZhMy', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'biggest photography prize', 'UK', 'uPunaxZhMy']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4559,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"great punchline: ""composable IT"" got auto-corrected to ""compostable IT"" says Hinrich Völcker  Deutsche Börse… https://t.co/WULZFP8vmO",nan,"great punchline: ""composable IT"" got auto-corrected to ""compostable IT"" says Hinrich Völcker  Deutsche Börse… https://t.co/WULZFP8vmO",positive,0.99,0.0,0.01,positive,0.99,0.0,0.01,True,English,"['Hinrich Völcker', 'Deutsche Börse', 'great punchline', 'composable IT', 'compostable IT', 'WULZFP8vmO', 'Hinrich Völcker', 'Deutsche Börse', 'great punchline', 'composable IT', 'compostable IT', 'WULZFP8vmO']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4560,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,New service by Deutsche Börse and Clearstream to bring transparency and insights into the highly fragmented fixed-i… https://t.co/5jiqImhkf0,nan,New service by Deutsche Börse and Clearstream to bring transparency and insights into the highly fragmented fixed-i… https://t.co/5jiqImhkf0,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'New service', 'Clearstream', 'transparency', 'insights', 'jiqImhkf0', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New service', 'Clearstream', 'transparency', 'insights', 'jiqImhkf0']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4561,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse (@DeutscheBoerse) announced that it will offer transparency and insights into the highly fragmented… https://t.co/Eq6hdUHkLm,nan,Deutsche Börse (@DeutscheBoerse) announced that it will offer transparency and insights into the highly fragmented… https://t.co/Eq6hdUHkLm,neutral,0.03,0.81,0.15,neutral,0.03,0.81,0.15,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'transparency', 'insights', 'Eq6hdUHkLm', 'Deutsche Börse', 'DeutscheBoerse', 'transparency', 'insights', 'Eq6hdUHkLm']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4562,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse welcomes SEBA Bank as new issuer of Crypto ETNsETNs track performance of Bitcoin  Ethereum  Polkadot… https://t.co/iSwhMLkM01,nan,Deutsche Börse welcomes SEBA Bank as new issuer of Crypto ETNsETNs track performance of Bitcoin  Ethereum  Polkadot… https://t.co/iSwhMLkM01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'SEBA Bank', 'new issuer', 'Crypto ETNsETNs', 'track performance', 'Bitcoin', 'Ethereum', 'Polkadot', 'iSwhMLkM01', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SEBA Bank', 'new issuer', 'Crypto ETNsETNs', 'track performance', 'Bitcoin', 'Ethereum', 'Polkadot', 'iSwhMLkM01']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4563,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse Taps SEBA Bank as the New Issuer of Crypto ETNs May 10  2022 at 09:55AM SEBA’s ETNs are designed to… https://t.co/E6j8IMLWsQ,nan,Deutsche Börse Taps SEBA Bank as the New Issuer of Crypto ETNs May 10  2022 at 09:55AM SEBA’s ETNs are designed to… https://t.co/E6j8IMLWsQ,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'New Issuer', 'SEBA Bank', 'Crypto ETNs', 'E6j8IMLWsQ', '09', 'Deutsche Börse', 'New Issuer', 'SEBA Bank', 'Crypto ETNs', 'E6j8IMLWsQ', '09']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4564,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse and SEBA Bank have formed a collaboration that has seen the digital asset bank start issuing four cr… https://t.co/whID8VWhzz,nan,Deutsche Börse and SEBA Bank have formed a collaboration that has seen the digital asset bank start issuing four cr… https://t.co/whID8VWhzz,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'digital asset bank', 'SEBA Bank', 'collaboration', 'whID8VWhzz', 'Deutsche Börse', 'digital asset bank', 'SEBA Bank', 'collaboration', 'whID8VWhzz']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4565,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Berkshire Hathaway  Verbio  Symrise  Deutsche Post  Apple  Procter &amp; Gamble und Amazon https://t.co/nnwO5TOLHm,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Berkshire Hathaway  Verbio  Symrise  Deutsche Post  Apple  Procter &amp; Gamble und Amazon https://t.co/nnwO5TOLHm,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['wikifolio whispers', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Deutsche Post', 'Verbio', 'Symrise', 'Apple', 'Procter', 'Gamble', 'Amazon', 'nnwO5TOLHm', 'wikifolio whispers', 'Berkshire Hathaway', 'Deutsche Post', 'Verbio', 'Symrise', 'Apple', 'Procter', 'Gamble', 'Amazon', 'nnwO5TOLHm']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4566,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://deadline.com/2022/05/survivor-firm-banijay-to-go-public-spac-1235020591/,‘Survivor’ Owner Banijay To Go Public Via SPAC Deal,Banijay  the company behind series such as Survivor  Peaky Blinders and MasterChef  is going public through an agreement with a SPAC investment group. The deal will see Banijay chairman Stephane Courbit take the company  as well as online sports gambling grou…,Banijay  the company behind series such as Survivor  Peaky Blinders and MasterChef  is going public through an agreement with a SPAC investment group.The deal will see Banijay chairman Stephane Courbit take the company  as well as online sports gambling group Betclic  public through FL Entertainment. The deal is being backed by investors including Bernard Arnault and Vincent Bolloré.FL Entertainment Group will have an enterprise value of €7.2B  or €4.1B in equity value. The shares will begin trading on Euronext in Amsterdam on July 1.The company said that FL Entertainment has a “compelling opportunity” as a public company through “both expected growth and the extensive consolidation opportunities for its two businesses”.FL Entertainment will merge with SPAC Pegasus Entrepreneurs  which is backed by European asset management company Tikehau Capital and investment firm Financière Agache. Existing shareholders including Vivendi have agreed to reinvest in the new company ,negative,0.03,0.45,0.52,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['Survivor’ Owner Banijay', 'SPAC Deal', 'online sports gambling group', 'European asset management company', 'extensive consolidation opportunities', 'SPAC Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'Financière Agache', 'SPAC investment group', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'investment firm', 'Peaky Blinders', 'Stephane Courbit', 'Bernard Arnault', 'Vincent Bolloré', 'enterprise value', 'equity value', 'compelling opportunity', 'two businesses', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Existing shareholders', 'public company', 'new company', 'Banijay chairman', 'series', 'Survivor', 'MasterChef', 'agreement', 'deal', 'Betclic', 'investors', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'July', 'growth', 'Vivendi']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,deadline.com
4567,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-launches-automated-accounts-receivable-154500179.html,Quadient Launches Automated Accounts Receivable Solution YayPay in France,Quadient Launches Automated Accounts Receivable Solution YayPay in France Paris  May 10  2022 Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses ...,QUADIENTQuadient Launches Automated Accounts Receivable Solution YayPay in FranceParis  May 10  2022Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announced today the launch in France of YayPay by Quadient  a cloud-based intelligent accounts receivable (AR) solution that automates the entire AR process from credit to cash application. The YayPay expansion comes on the heels of the launch earlier this year of Quadient’s accounts payable (AP) automation solution  Beanworks  in France and the United Kingdom  as well as last month’s launch of Impress Distribute  its cloud-based omnichannel document distribution solution  in Germany.Powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning  YayPay’s predictive analytics engine provides insights on payer behavior and their impact on cash flow  with the use of dynamic dashboards and process automation that help to reduce outstanding receivables and day sales outstanding (DSO) for companies. Acquired in 2020  YayPay is part of Quadient’s best-of-breed and cloud-based Intelligent Communication Automation (ICA) platform  which is bringing together customer communications management  financial automation  customer journey mapping and document automation. In 2021  Quadient software activities represented revenues of more than €200 million.“As part of our Back to Growth strategy  we continue to invest in our ICA SaaS solutions  and I am delighted we are launching the YayPay solution in France ” said Geoffrey Godet  CEO  Quadient. “This is another significant step in the development of our international footprint in cloud-based financial and communication automation solutions. With YayPay and our other ICA solutions  we are supporting our customers and ready to help all businesses in a strong regulatory environment that is accelerating their digital transformation.”In a survey of French businesses conducted by OpinionWay in June 2021 for Quadient  26% of respondents indicated the management of disputes and outstanding invoices is the most time-consuming task for their teams in the billing-to-payment process. The survey also found that 32% of companies surveyed were performing these tasks manually. YayPay simplifies debt collection to not only free up resources but also to improve cash flow  eliminate errors and strengthen customer and employee relationships.Story continues“With the 2024 dematerialization law  new electronic invoicing and data transmission requirements will apply to business-to-business transactions. By offering YayPay and Quadient Impress together  Quadient is perfectly positioned to support companies in meeting these requirements with simplicity and efficiency ” said Benoit Berson  COO of Quadient France and Benelux.Since its integration into the Quadient portfolio  YayPay has continued to grow  now with more than 3 000 users worldwide. In 2020  one-third of YayPay clients also used Quadient’s mail-related solutions. In 2021  two-thirds of new customers of Quadient’s ICA business had already been using the company’s mail-related solutions  underscoring the strong complementary relationship of the two offerings.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-964-8500 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.27,0.26,True,English,"['Automated Accounts Receivable Solution', 'Quadient', 'YayPay', 'France', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'cloud-based intelligent accounts receivable (AR) solution', 'cloud-based Intelligent Communication Automation (ICA) platform', 'cloud-based omnichannel document distribution solution', 'accounts payable (AP) automation solution', 'Automated Accounts Receivable Solution', 'three key solution areas', 'entire AR process', 'predictive analytics engine', 'strong regulatory environment', 'strong complementary relationship', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'ICA SaaS solutions', 'other ICA solutions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'customer journey mapping', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'new electronic invoicing', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'day sales outstanding', 'data transmission requirements', 'The YayPay expansion', 'Quadient software activities', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'cloud-based financial', 'customer communications management', 'document automation', 'YayPay solution', 'automation solutions', 'process automation', 'ICA business', 'financial automation', 'mail-related solutions', 'outstanding receivables', 'outstanding invoices', 'payment process', 'physical channels', 'cash application', 'United Kingdom', 'last month', 'Impress Distribute', 'artificial intelligence', 'machine learning', 'payer behavior', 'cash flow', 'dynamic dashboards', 'Growth strategy', 'Geoffrey Godet', 'significant step', 'international footprint', 'time-consuming task', 'debt collection', 'employee relationships', '2024 dematerialization law', 'Benoit Berson', 'two offerings', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'new customers', 'Euronext Paris', 'business transactions', 'digital transformation', 'Joe Scolaro', 'YayPay clients', 'French businesses', 'Quadient Impress', 'Quadient portfolio', 'Quadient France', 'Quadient®', 'May', 'QDT', 'leader', 'launch', 'credit', 'heels', 'Beanworks', 'Germany', 'insights', 'impact', 'use', 'DSO', 'companies', 'breed', 'revenues', 'Back', 'CEO', 'development', 'survey', 'OpinionWay', 'June', 'respondents', 'disputes', 'teams', 'tasks', 'resources', 'errors', 'Story', 'simplicity', 'efficiency', 'COO', 'Benelux', 'integration', 'one-third', 'two-thirds', 'company', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4568,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510006048/en/Nanobiotix-Statement-of-Total-Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Forming-the-Company%E2%80%99s-Share-Capital,Nanobiotix: Statement of Total Voting Rights and Shares Forming the Company’s Share Capital,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Nanobiotix (Paris:NANO) (NASDAQ:NBTX): Market: Euronext Paris / Nasdaq Euronext Compartment: B ISIN code: FR0011341205 Nasdaq: NBTX Bloomberg: NANO:FP Reuters: NANO.PA Website: www.nanobiotix.com Date Number of Shares …,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Nanobiotix (Paris:NANO) (NASDAQ:NBTX):Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDate Number of SharesOutstanding Total number of voting rights Total voting rights gross (1) Total voting rights net (2) April 30  2022 34 875 872 36 392 064 36 371 073(1) The total number of gross (or “theoretical”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.(2) The total number of net (or “exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the AMF recommendation of July 17  2007.***About NANOBIOTIX: http://www.nanobiotix.comNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on the regulated market of Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate– NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,positive,0.63,0.27,0.1,True,English,"['Total Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Nanobiotix', 'Statement', 'Shares', 'Company', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'AMF General Regulations', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'theoretical”) voting rights', 'NANO.PA Website', 'Outstanding Total number', 'Total voting rights', 'AMF recommendation', 'regulated market', 'market authorization', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'ISIN code', 'Date Number', 'threshold crossings', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'human life', 'United States', '30 umbrella patents', 'brand name', 'Euronext Compartment', 'treatment outcomes', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nanobiotix', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Shares', 'net', 'April', 'gross', 'basis', 'accordance', 'Article', 'account', 'order', 'public', 'July', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'resources', 'development', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4569,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510006383/en/The-GAUSSIN-Group-and-Its-European-Distributor-BLYYD-Announce-That-the-ATM-38T-FULL-ELEC-Has-Passed-the-One-Million-Kilometer-Mark,The GAUSSIN Group and Its European Distributor BLYYD Announce That the ATM 38T FULL ELEC Has Passed the One Million Kilometer Mark,HÉRICOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GAUSSIN (EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer in the clean and intelligent transport of goods and people  announces that its ATM 38T FULL ELEC vehicle  dedicated to logistics  has passed the one million kilomete…,"HÉRICOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GAUSSIN (EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer in the clean and intelligent transport of goods and people  announces that its ATM 38T FULL ELEC vehicle  dedicated to logistics  has passed the one million kilometer mark since its launch. The most famous French and international brands have adopted this electric vehicle  a pioneer in zero emission.A symbolic milestone reached less than 5 years after the 1st ATM 38T FULL ELEC was put into serviceToday  more than 40 brands use the ATM on logistics platforms and industrial sites every day. This marketing was done through the distributor BLYYD  which starts to deploy in 2022 deliveries in Germany  England and soon in Spain and Benelux.In less than 5 years  the ATM FULL ELEC fleet has proven itself in France. Thanks to this success  this zero emission vehicle is starting to be exported in Europe and in the United States with the leader of e-commerce and transport for which volumes of thousands of vehicles are being negotiated.The brands that already use GAUSSIN's ATM in their activities are the following :AgedissAmazon FranceAuchanBarillaBert and YouBHT (Allemagne)*BILS DerooBLYYD SpareBoulangerBUTCarrefourCdiscountCMR / Kuhne & NagelCMR LocationCompact (Royaume-Uni)*ConforamaDecathlonDSM NutritionFandi EmballagesFernride (DE)GeodisGERFLORGrimonprezGXOHeppnerID LogisiticsJacques MartinKuhne & NagelLa Poste / ColissimoLeclercLeclerc SocaraLeroy MerlinLOMAKMichelinMondial RelayNormandie ManutentionPlug Power (US)Relais VertRoyal CaninSAFRANStefUPS (US)XPOYves Rocher* Distributor officially installed. In 2022  new distributors are planned for Spain and Benelux.GAUSSIN plans to deliver 61 ATMs on order in 2022:- 34 ATM via BLYYD for the European market - 2 to Nexport for the launch in Australia - 20 to Plug Power and 5 to Robotic Research for their customers in the US market.One million kilometers driven with a new vehicle that makes the difference with its unique performance and the equivalent of 3 000 tonnes of CO2 emissionsToday  the fleet of ATMs operating on logistics sites that are increasingly eco-responsible has passed the one million kilometer mark. This symbolic threshold represents more than 20 times around the Earth.The carbon footprint of this zero-emission fleet is also very interesting with the elimination of more than 3000 tonnes of CO2 emissions.An ATM has a 24-hour autonomy thanks to the ""battery swapping"" option  an invention patented by GAUSSIN that allows to swap batteries on an ATM in only 3 minutes. This means that the vehicle is not immobilized while the battery is being charged  resulting in a 99.5% availability rate.The birth of an electric and hydrogen range for transport and logistics with the ATM 38 tonnes  for port container terminals with the APM 75 tonnes  and for airports with the ART 80 tonnesSince the 1st ATM  a complete range of products has been created with different derivatives for other international markets :The ASBM 75 tonnes  capable of moving road semi-trailers but also swap bodiesThe APM 75 tonnes  a version used for container terminal operationsThe ART 80 tonnes  a GSE (Ground Support Equipment) tanker used on airport tarmacs.All these vehicles are available with 100% electric or hydrogen engines  with the possibility of having a driver on board or being 100% autonomous.A new production site in France  immediately available with a capacity of 2 400 vehicles per yearGAUSSIN recently announced (see press release of April 7  2022) the increase of its production capacities with the installation of a new 28 000 square-meter site in Saint Vallier  in the Saône-et-Loire region. GAUSSIN was already present in this region  where the Group has created two assembly lines for ATM® and APM® vehicles via its subsidiary METALLIANCE (see press release of June 24  2021)  partly located in 8 000 square meters of industrial premises currently being renovated by the Creusot Montceau Urban Community.This new site will notably be dedicated to the production of ATM® logistics vehicles in order to meet the increasing demand on the European and American markets. Immediately available  and previously in the hands of the American handling group TEREX  then of the Scandinavian group KONECRANES which closed it in March 2021  this new site does not require a building permit and already has the necessary infrastructure. The SEMCIB (Société D'économie Mixte Pour La Coopération Industrielle En Bourgogne) is the owner-lessor.The site will be able to accommodate 8 production lines capable of manufacturing 200 vehicles each  i.e.  a capacity of 1 600 vehicles per year. It will bring the total capacity to 2 400 vehicles per year. In the immediate future  it will allow the production of 400 additional vehicles per year and will make it possible to meet the contracts signed with the world leaders in e-commerce  transport and logistics.Next stepsHyVolution in Paris: May 11 to 12Advanced Clean Transportation (ACT) Expo in Los Angeles: May 9 to 12H2 Racing Truck World TourAbout GAUSSINGAUSSIN is an engineering company that designs  assembles and sells innovative products and services in the transport and logistics field. Its know-how encompasses cargo and passenger transport  autonomous technologies allowing for self-driving solutions such as Automotive Guided Vehicles  and the integration all types of batteries  electric and hydrogen fuel cells in particular. With more than 50 000 vehicles worldwide  GAUSSIN enjoys a strong reputation in four fast-expanding markets: port terminals  airports  logistics and people mobility. The group has developed strategic partnerships with major global players in order to accelerate its commercial penetration: Siemens Postal  Parcel & Airport Logistics in the airport field  Bolloré Ports and ST Engineering in ports and Bluebus for people mobility. GAUSSIN has broadened its business model with the signing of license agreements accelerating the diffusion of its technology throughout the world. The acquisition of METALLIANCE confirms the emergence of an international group present in all segments of intelligent and clean vehicles.In October 2021  GAUSSIN won the Dubai World Challenge for Self-Driving Transport.In January 2022  GAUSSIN successfully completed the 2022 Dakar Rally with its H2 Racing Truck  the first hydrogen-powered vehicle to enter the race and generate zero CO2 emissions.In March 2022  Christophe Gaussin was named “Hydrogen Personality of the year” at the Hydrogénies - Trophées de l'hydrogène ceremony held at the French National Assembly.GAUSSIN has been listed on Euronext Growth in Paris since 2010.More information on www.gaussin.com.More information on www.gaussin.com* Forward-looking statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. They include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which these are based  statements concerning projects  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  or future performance. These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words “expects ” “anticipates ” “believes ” “intends ” “estimates” or “plans” and similar expressions. Although GAUSSIN’s management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of GAUSSIN  that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the uncertainties inherent to supply difficulties related to the health situation  shortage of raw materials or current conflicts  decisions of State authorities  changes in exchange rates and interest rates  price inflation. GAUSSIN does not undertake to update any forward-looking information or statements  subject to applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.34,0.39,True,English,"['ATM 38T FULL ELEC', 'One Million Kilometer Mark', 'The GAUSSIN Group', 'European Distributor', 'BLYYD', ""Société D'économie Mixte"", '1st ATM 38T FULL ELEC', 'DSM Nutrition Fandi Emballages', 'GXO Heppner ID Logisitics', 'Ground Support Equipment) tanker', 'Creusot Montceau Urban Community', '38T FULL ELEC vehicle', 'one million kilometer mark', 'La Coopération Industrielle', 'Normandie Manutention Plug Power', 'ATM FULL ELEC fleet', 'One million kilometers', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU', 'SAFRAN Stef UPS', 'port container terminals', 'container terminal operations', 'Next steps HyVolution', 'two assembly lines', 'CMR Location Compact', 'Jacques Martin Kuhne', 'battery swapping"" option', 'other international markets', 'Advanced Clean Tra', 'The ASBM 75 tonnes', 'new 28,000 square-meter site', 'American handling group', 'zero emission vehicle', 'The ART 80 tonnes', 'The APM 75 tonnes', 'new production site', 'ATM® logistics vehicles', 'La Poste', 'American markets', 'The SEMCIB', 'new vehicle', 'new site', 'new distributors', 'zero-emission fleet', '8 production lines', 'ATM 38 tonnes', 'HÉRICOURT', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'famous French', 'symbolic milestone', 'industrial sites', 'United States', 'BILS Deroo', 'Conforama Decathlon', 'Colissimo Leclerc', 'Leclerc Socara', 'Leroy Merlin', 'LOMAK Michelin', 'Mondial Relay', 'Relais Vert', 'Royal Canin', 'Yves Rocher', 'Robotic Research', 'US market', 'unique performance', 'CO2 emissions', 'symbolic threshold', 'carbon footprint', '24-hour autonomy', '99.5% availability rate', 'hydrogen range', 'complete range', 'different derivatives', 'road semi-trailers', 'airport tarmacs', 'hydrogen engines', 'press release', 'Saint Vallier', 'subsidiary METALLIANCE', '8,000 square meters', 'industrial premises', 'increasing demand', 'Scandinavian group', 'building permit', 'necessary infrastructure', 'immediate future', 'world leaders', 'international brands', 'production capacities', 'APM® vehicles', 'electric vehicle', 'logistics platforms', 'logistics sites', 'European market', 'Loire region', '400 additional vehicles', 'Amazon France', 'BLYYD Spare', 'total capacity', 'intelligent transport', '3,000 tonnes', '3000 tonnes', '34 ATM', '2,400 vehicles', '200 vehicles', '1,600 vehicles', '40 brands', '100% electric', 'GAUSSIN', 'pioneer', 'goods', 'people', 'launch', 'service', 'marketing', '2022 deliveries', 'Germany', 'England', 'Spain', 'Benelux', 'less', '5 years', 'success', 'commerce', 'volumes', 'thousands', 'activities', 'Agediss', 'Auchan', 'Barilla', 'Bert', 'BHT', 'Allemagne', 'Boulanger', 'Carrefour', 'Cdiscount', 'Nagel', 'Royaume-Uni', 'Fernride', 'Geodis', 'GERFLOR', 'Grimonprez', 'XPO', '61 ATMs', 'order', 'Australia', 'customers', 'difference', 'equivalent', '20 times', 'Earth', 'elimination', 'batteries', '3 minutes', 'birth', 'airports', 'products', 'bodies', 'version', 'GSE', 'possibility', 'driver', 'board', 'April', 'increase', 'installation', 'June', 'hands', 'TEREX', 'KONECRANES', 'March', 'Bourgogne', 'owner', 'contracts', 'Paris', 'May']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4570,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509005737/en/Comez-International-Uses-Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes%E2%80%99-Planning-and-Scheduling-Solutions-to-Deliver-Its-Fabric-Machinery-on-Time,Comez International Uses Dassault Systèmes’ Planning and Scheduling Solutions to Deliver Its Fabric Machinery on Time,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #3DEXPERIENCE--Dassault Systèmes (Paris:DSY)(Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that Comez International  world leader in crochet warp knitting machinery technology and member of the Jakob Muel…,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dassault Systèmes (Paris:DSY)(Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced that Comez International  world leader in crochet warp knitting machinery technology and member of the Jakob Mueller Group  is using Dassault Systèmes’ digital planning and scheduling solutions to improve its production efficiency and its competitiveness. Comez can ensure the high-quality and on-time delivery of tailor-made machines to its customers in the automotive  medical and fashion industries  including electronic knitting machines for the manufacture of protective face masks and elastic ear loops during the COVID-19 pandemic.Comez deployed Dassault Systèmes’ DELMIA Ortems applications to digitalize its manufacturing planning  and improve measurability  predictability and continuity of production processes. With real-time data updates in a collaborative digital environment  Comez has a global view of all production elements including machine tools  work orders  setup and working hours. It can quickly make decisions regarding the allocation and distribution of resources to fulfill orders  and meet deadlines and product lead times  while avoiding unforeseen events and uncertainties  and reducing repetition and wasted time.Since deploying DELMIA Ortems applications  Comez has reduced forecast errors by 30%  production delays by 27% and setup times by 20%  as well as increased production by 8%. The company was also selected as a winner in the Operational Excellence category of The National Association of Manufacturers’ 2021 Manufacturing Leadership Awards. Comez was distinguished as an outstanding example of technology-driven leadership combined with a commitment to innovation and improvement.“We needed to become more efficient  effective and offer reliable and effective management planning. We found the ideal partner in Dassault Systèmes  and their DELMIA Ortems applications have helped immensely ” said Paolo Malnati  General Manager  Comez International. “During the COVID-19 pandemic  we had an unexpected and extremely important need: to double production for our machines for making masks. We had to quickly convert our production equipment to produce double the quantity in a very short amount of time. Without DELMIA Ortems  this planning would not have been possible.”“Comez is able to meet the needs of its customers and boost its competitiveness by using DELMIA Ortems to increase management capacity  strategic collaboration  productivity  visibility and agility ” said Philippe Bartissol  Vice President  Industrial Equipment Industry  Dassault Systèmes. “While COVID-19 generated production scheduling challenges for many industrial equipment companies  Comez was able to keep a strong focus on customer satisfaction  product quality  competitiveness  dependability and efficiency. Only our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and digital applications enable companies to experience such levels of production knowledge and know-how.”FOR MORE INFORMATIONRead the Comez International customer story: https://www.3ds.com/insights/customer-stories/comez-internationalDassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences for the industrial equipment industry: https://ifwe.3ds.com/industrial-equipmentDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comSHARE THIS ON TWITTERItaly-based Comez International uses @Dassault3DS planning and scheduling solutions to deliver its fabric machinery on time #3DSDELMIA #3DEXPERIENCEConnect with Dassault Systèmes onTwitter Facebook LinkedIn YoutubeABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com.© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.18,0.4,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes’ Planning', 'Comez International', 'Scheduling Solutions', 'Fabric Machinery', 'Time', 'Dassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences', 'French “société européenne', 'crochet warp knitting machinery technology', 'Dassault Systèmes’ DELMIA Ortems applications', 'Dassault Systèmes’ digital planning', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Youtube', 'Manufacturers’ 2021 Manufacturing Leadership Awards', 'many industrial equipment companies', 'Comez International customer story', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Industrial Equipment Industry', 'collaborative digital environment', '3D design software', 'Jakob Mueller Group', 'electronic knitting machines', 'elastic ear loops', 'real-time data updates', 'Operational Excellence category', 'The National Association', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'effective management planning', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'product lead times', 'protective face masks', 'production scheduling challenges', 'digital applications', 'manufacturing planning', 'fabric machinery', 'technology-driven leadership', 'customer satisfaction', 'production equipment', 'management capacity', 'product quality', 'commercial trademarks', 'scheduling solutions', 'world leader', 'tailor-made machines', 'global view', 'machine tools', 'working hours', 'unforeseen events', 'forecast errors', 'setup times', 'outstanding example', 'ideal partner', 'Paolo Malnati', 'General Manager', 'important need', 'short amount', 'strategic collaboration', 'Philippe Bartissol', 'Vice President', 'strong focus', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'production processes', 'production elements', 'production delays', 'production knowledge', 'COVID-19 pandemic', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'fashion industries', 'work orders', 'other countries', '3DS logo', 'production efficiency', 'time delivery', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'DSY', 'member', 'competitiveness', 'high-quality', 'customers', 'medical', 'measurability', 'predictability', 'continuity', 'decisions', 'allocation', 'distribution', 'resources', 'deadlines', 'uncertainties', 'repetition', 'wasted', 'winner', 'commitment', 'improvement', 'reliable', 'unexpected', 'double', 'quantity', 'needs', 'productivity', 'visibility', 'agility', 'dependability', 'levels', 'know-how', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'insights', 'customer-stories', 'industrial-equipment', 'Italy-based', '3DSDELMIA', 'catalyst', 'people', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', '©']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510005108/en/Eutelsat%E2%80%99s-EUTELSAT-172B-selected-by-Tuvalu-Telecommunications-Corporation-to-deliver-state-of-the-art-connectivity-to-Tuvalu,Eutelsat’s EUTELSAT 172B selected by Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation to deliver state-of-the-art connectivity to Tuvalu,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and The Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation (TTC) have signed a contract for capacity on EUTELSAT 172B satellite to support the extension of corporate networks for govern…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and The Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation (TTC) have signed a contract for capacity on EUTELSAT 172B satellite to support the extension of corporate networks for government offices and key enterprises of the Tuvalu Islands.Under the terms of this multi-year agreement  Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation will be leveraging the unparalleled coverage of EUTELSAT 172B to fulfil its commitment to curb the digital divide in isolated areas. This agreement showcases yet again the full-fledge flagship role of satellite in providing a complete connectivity solution to end users.Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation (TTC)  the sole provider of telecommunications in Tuvalu  is a state-owned enterprise  which provides telecommunications and ICT services to subscribers on each of the islands and atolls of Tuvalu.Commenting on the agreement  Christophe Cazes  Eutelsat’s Regional Vice President for the Asia-Pacific region  said: “With this agreement  TTC will leverage the EUTELSAT 172B satellite to unlock corporate networks for government agencies and businesses on the islands. It exemplifies yet again how satellites today are an essential technology in ensuring governments  businesses and other institutions can meet their connectivity goals.”Mrs. Tenanoia Simona  CEO of TTC  concluded: “Satellites are extremely well adapted to connect islands that are  by their very definition  cut-off and isolated from terrestrial networks. We are delighted to be able to work with Eutelsat to bring this much awaited connectivity service into our Islands  that will push the development of Tuvalu forward.”About Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.21,0.08,True,English,"['Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation', 'art connectivity', 'EUTELSAT 172B', 'state', 'The Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation', 'full-fledge flagship role', 'Regional Vice President', 'Mrs. Tenanoia Simona', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'leading media groups', 'one billion viewers', 'uncluttered space environment', 'leading satellite operators', 'complete connectivity solution', 'EUTELSAT 172B satellite', 'connectivity goals', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'corporate networks', 'key enterprises', 'unparalleled coverage', 'digital divide', 'isolated areas', 'end users', 'sole provider', 'state-owned enterprise', 'ICT services', 'Christophe Cazes', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'essential technology', 'other institutions', 'terrestrial networks', 'global fleet', 'ground infrastructure', '7,000 television channels', 'DTH reception', 'business activities', 'orbit resources', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'connectivity service', 'government offices', 'government agencies', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Tuvalu Islands', 'multi-year agreement', 'ETL', 'TTC', 'contract', 'capacity', 'extension', 'terms', 'commitment', 'subscribers', 'atolls', 'businesses', 'satellites', 'governments', 'CEO', 'definition', 'world', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'Data', 'Fixed', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'safe', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510006075/en/Transgene-Q1-2022-Financial-Position-and-Business-Update,Transgene: Q1 2022 Financial Position and Business Update,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today announces its business update for the quarter ended March 31  202…,STRASBOURG  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech company that designs and develops virus-based immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer  today announces its business update for the quarter ended March 31  2022.Over the first quarter of 2022  all of Transgene’s preclinical and clinical assets progressed in line with expectations. All clinical-stage immunotherapies are slated to deliver data by the end of the year.Key events of the period and upcoming news flowTG4050At the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) 2022 annual meeting  held in New Orleans  LA  April 8-13  Transgene discussed new preliminary positive data on TG4050  its individualized cancer vaccine. These immunological and clinical data highlight the potential of this highly innovative neoantigen vaccine.A poster on the progress of the two ongoing Phase I trials of TG4050 has been accepted for presentation at the upcoming American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) annual meeting  taking place in Chicago  IL  June 3-7  2022. More information will be provided on May 27  2022  after the release of the abstracts by ASCO.An article on the two ongoing trials with TG4050 was also published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer [1]. The publication demonstrated that it is possible to develop a patient specific vaccine within a few weeks for patients with a low to moderate tumor mutational burden.BT-001Promising preclinical data with BT-001 were presented at AACR 2022 and published in the Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer [2] demonstrating the broad and robust antitumor activity of this Invir.IO™ oncolytic virus.Transgene and BioInvent will provide an update on the progress of the clinical trial of BT-001 in Q2 2022. Initial Phase I results will be presented at a scientific conference in H2 2022. These first results aim to establish the tolerability of BT-001 and to determine the dose and administration schedule for further development.Invir.IO™ collaboration with PersonGen BioTherapeuticsTransgene announced the launch of a preclinical collaboration with PersonGen BioTherapeutics. This collaboration aims to evaluate the feasibility and efficacy of a combination therapy against solid tumors  combining PersonGen’s CAR-T cell injection with an oncolytic virus from the Invir.IO™ platform.GovernanceTransgene plans to reinforce its corporate governance by separating the roles of Chairman and CEO. Transgene’s Board of Directors has proposed Dr. Alessandro Riva  MD  as the Non-executive Chairman of the Company. If this nomination is accepted at the upcoming General Shareholder Meeting (May 25  2022)  the roles of Chairman and CEO will be separated. With 30 years of experience in the Life Sciences industry  Dr. Riva will be working closely with Transgene’s CEO Hedi Ben Brahim to realize the potential of the Company’s technology platforms and products to benefit cancer patients.Transgene’s Board of Directors also proposed the appointment of Prof. Jean‑Yves Blay (subject to the authorization of the public authority to which he reports) and Laurence Espinasse as directors.Steven Bloom joined Transgene as Vice President  Chief Business Officer (CBO). In this position  he has become a member of the executive committee  leading global business development strategy  alliance management and program management. In particular  he is focused on building the profile of Transgene in the US  where he is based  as part of establishing the Company as a world leader in virus-based immunotherapies.Transgene also announced that the date of the release of the first half 2022 financial results and of the interim report has been advanced to September 7  2022.Summary of key ongoing clinical trials and expected milestonesmyvac® TG4050 Phase I NCT03839524 Targets: tumor neoantigens Codeveloped with NECNew positive data in first patients demonstrating the immunogenicity of the vaccine as well as first signs of clinical activity presented at AACR 2022 Additional data on the 2 trials expected at ASCO (June 2022) and H2 2022 Ovarian cancer – after surgery and first-line chemotherapy Trial ongoing in the USA and in FrancePatient enrollment progressing in line with forecast TG4050 Phase I NCT04183166 HPV-negative head and neck cancer – after surgery and adjuvant therapy Trial ongoing in the UK and in FrancePatient enrollment progressing in line with forecastTG4001 + avelumabPhase II NCT03260023 Targets: HPV16 E6 and E7 oncoproteins Recurrent/metastatic anogenital HPV-positive – 1st (patients ineligible for chemotherapy) and 2nd lines Randomized Phase II trial comparing the combination of TG4001 with avelumab versus avelumab aloneActive patient enrollment in Europe (France and Spain)  trial initiated in the USA Results of the interim analysis expected in Q4 2022 (N≈50)Invir.IO™ BT-001 Phase I/IIa NCT04725331 Payload: anti-CTLA4 antibody and GM-CSF cytokine Solid tumors Co-development with BioInventVery encouraging preclinical results presented at AACR 2022Trial ongoing in France  Belgium and approved in the USA Update on clinical trial expected in Q2 2022First Phase I clinical results to be presented at a scientific congress in H2 2022TG6002 Phase I/IIa NCT03724071 Payload: FCU1 for the local production of a 5-FU chemotherapy Gastro-intestinal cancer (colorectal cancer for Phase II) – Intravenous (IV) administration Multicenter trial ongoing in Belgium  France and SpainProof-of-concept data of the IV administration presented in 2021 (ESMO & AACR)Dose escalation completed to the maximum projected dose (3x109 pfu)  confirming the good safety profile. Assessment of this intensified administration schedule ongoing End of Phase I expected mid-2022 TG6002 Phase I/IIa NCT04194034 Colorectal cancer with liver metastasis – Intrahepatic artery (IHA) administration Multicenter trial ongoing in the UK and in FranceOngoing enrollment of patients from the latest dose escalation cohort (109 pfu) First data expected mid-2022Operating revenueQ1 In millions of euros 2022 2021 Revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements 0.4 0.9 Government financing for research expenditures 1.7 1.5 Other income 0.1 - Operating revenue 2.2 2.4During the first quarter of 2022  revenue from collaborative and licensing agreements was mainly composed of revenue from the collaboration with AstraZeneca.As of March 31  2022  government financing for research expenditures mainly consisted of accrual of 25% of the research tax credit expected for 2022 (€1.7 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared to €1.5 million for the same period in 2021).Cash  cash equivalents and other financial assetsCash  cash equivalents and other financial assets stood at €46.8 million as of March 31  2022  compared to €49.6 million as of December 31  2021. In the first quarter of 2022  Transgene’s net cash burn was €2.8 million  compared to €7.2 million for the same period in 2021. This decrease is notably linked to the receipt in January 2022 of the $8 million payment from AstraZeneca following the exercise of a first license option in December 2021 for an oncolytic virus developed by Transgene.The Company holds shares of Tasly BioPharmaceuticals valued at €18.9 million at the end of December 2021.The Company has a financial visibility through the end of 2023.Next planned financial communicationSeptember 7  2022 - First Half 2022 Financial Results***About TransgeneTransgene (Euronext: TNG) is a biotechnology company focused on designing and developing targeted immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer. Transgene’s programs utilize viral vector technology with the goal of indirectly or directly killing cancer cells.The Company’s clinical-stage programs consist of two therapeutic vaccines (TG4001 for the treatment of HPV-positive cancers  and TG4050  the first individualized therapeutic vaccine based on the myvac® platform) as well as two oncolytic viruses (TG6002 for the treatment of solid tumors  and BT-001  the first oncolytic virus based on the Invir.IO™ platform).With Transgene’s myvac® platform  therapeutic vaccination enters the field of precision medicine with a novel immunotherapy that is fully tailored to each individual. The myvac® approach allows the generation of a virus-based immunotherapy that encodes patient-specific mutations identified and selected by Artificial Intelligence capabilities provided by its partner NEC.With its proprietary platform Invir.IO™  Transgene is building on its viral vector engineering expertise to design a new generation of multifunctional oncolytic viruses. Transgene has an ongoing Invir.IO™ collaboration with AstraZeneca.Additional information about Transgene is available at: www.transgene.frFollow us on Twitter: @TransgeneSADisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements  which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. The occurrence of any of these risks could have a significant negative outcome for the Company’s activities  perspectives  financial situation  results  regulatory authorities’ agreement with development phases  and development. The Company’s ability to commercialize its products depends on but is not limited to the following factors: positive pre-clinical data may not be predictive of human clinical results  the success of clinical studies  the ability to obtain financing and/or partnerships for product manufacturing  development and commercialization  and marketing approval by government regulatory authorities. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company’s actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque”) section of the Universal Registration Document  available on the AMF website (http://www.amf-france.org) or on Transgene’s website (www.transgene.fr). Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and Transgene undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.[1] McCann K  von Witzleben A  Thomas J  et al  Targeting the tumor mutanome for personalized vaccination in a TMB low non-small cell lung cancer  Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer 2022;10:e003821. doi: 10.1136/jitc-2021-003821[2] Semmrich M  Marchand J  Fend L  et al. Vectorized Treg-depleting αCTLA-4 elicits antigen cross-presentation and CD8+ T cell immunity to reject ‘cold’ tumors. Journal for ImmunoTherapy of Cancer 2022;10:e003488. doi: 10.1136/jitc-2021-003488,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Q1 2022 Financial Position', 'Business Update', 'Transgene', '2nd lines Randomized Phase II trial', 'two ongoing Phase I trials', 'Phase II NCT03260023 Targets', 'Prof. Jean‑Yves Blay', 'Initial Phase I results', 'moderate tumor mutational burden', 'upcoming General Shareholder Meeting', 'milestones myvac® TG4050 Phase', 'GM-CSF cytokine Solid tumors', 'forecast TG4050 Phase I', 'first half 2022 financial results', 'upcoming news flow TG4050', 'new preliminary positive data', 'global business development strategy', 'key ongoing clinical trials', 'Invir.IO™ oncolytic virus', 'two ongoing trials', 'Invir.IO™ platform', 'Invir.IO™ BT', 'upcoming American Society', 'CAR-T cell injection', 'Life Sciences industry', 'Hedi Ben Brahim', 'Recurrent/metastatic anogenital HPV-positive', 'New positive data', 'Chief Business Officer', 'innovative neoantigen vaccine', 'robust antitumor activity', 'Invir.IO™ collaboration', 'adjuvant therapy Trial', 'patient specific vaccine', 'Dr. Alessandro Riva', 'first-line chemotherapy Trial', 'Active patient enrollment', 'encouraging preclinical results', 'individualized cancer vaccine', 'ASCO) annual meeting', 'H2 2022 Ovarian cancer', 'Phase I/IIa', '2022 annual meeting', 'first results', 'Regulatory News', 'Key events', 'New Orleans', 'Dr. Riva', 'NCT03839524 Targets', 'tumor neoantigens', 'clinical activity', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'clinical data', 'American Association', 'first signs', 'clinical assets', 'Clinical Oncology', 'Additional data', 'business update', 'AACR 2022 Trial', 'Euronext Paris', 'virus-based immunotherapies', 'clinical-stage immunotherapies', 'More information', 'low to', 'scientific conference', 'administration schedule', 'preclinical collaboration', 'combination therapy', 'technology platforms', 'public authority', 'Laurence Espinasse', 'Steven Bloom', 'Vice President', 'executive committee', 'alliance management', 'program management', 'world leader', 'interim report', 'HPV-negative head', 'E7 oncoproteins', 'interim analysis', 'anti-CTLA4 antibody', 'first quarter', 'first patients', 'Cancer Research', 'neck cancer', 'PersonGen BioTherapeutics', 'corporate governance', 'cancer patients', 'Non-executive Chairman', 'biotech company', '2 trials', 'STRASBOURG', 'France', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'treatment', 'expectations', 'end', 'year', 'period', 'immunological', 'potential', 'poster', 'progress', 'presentation', 'place', 'Chicago', 'May', 'release', 'abstracts', 'article', 'Journal', 'ImmunoTherapy', 'publication', 'weeks', 'Promising', 'BT-001', 'broad', 'BioInvent', 'Q2 2022', 'tolerability', 'dose', 'launch', 'feasibility', 'efficacy', 'roles', 'CEO', 'Board', 'Directors', 'MD', 'nomination', 'experience', 'products', 'appointment', 'authorization', 'CBO', 'position', 'member', 'profile', 'part', 'September', 'Summary', 'immunogenicity', 'June', 'surgery', 'USA', 'UK', 'TG4001', 'avelumab', 'HPV16', '1st', 'Europe', 'Spain', 'Q4', 'Payload', 'Belgium']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/gtt-conditions-availability-preparatory-documents-154400350.html,GTT: Conditions of availability of the preparatory documents for the combined General Meeting of shareholders on May 31  2022,Conditions of availability of the preparatory documents for the combined General Meeting of shareholders on May 31  2022 Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse  May 10...,"GTTConditions of availability of the preparatory documents forthe combined General Meeting of shareholders on May 31  2022Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse  May 10  2022 - GTT (Gaztransport & Technigaz) informs its shareholders that the combined general meeting of shareholders has been convened for Tuesday  May 31  2022 at 3 p.m.The General Meeting will be held in accordance with the rules relating to the health situation. As the procedures for holding and participating in this meeting may change depending on the evolution of the health and/or regulatory situation  shareholders are invited to regularly consult the section dedicated to the 2022 General Meeting on the GTT website (www.gtt.fr).The notice of meeting  including the agenda and draft resolutions as well as the modalities of participation and voting at this meeting  was published on the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires ""BALO"" website (www.journal-officiel.gouv.fr/balo) on April 22  2022 in bulletin number 48  announcement 2201067. This notice can also be consulted on the GTT website (www.gtt.fr).The shareholders are informed that the agenda of the General Meeting and the resolutions published in the above-mentioned notice of meeting have been modified by decision of the Board of Directors on May 5  2022 as indicated in the addendum to the report of the Board of Directors published on the GTT website.This modification reflects in particular the resignations of Mrs. Isabelle Boccon-Gibod and Mr. Andrew Jamieson with effect from May 31  2022. The Board of Directors  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee  has decided to propose to the General Meeting the appointment of Mr. Pascal Macioce and Mr. Antoine Rostand as new independent directors. If all the resolutions submitted to the General Meeting are approved  the Board of Directors will be composed of eight directors  including:- four independent directors (i.e. 50% independent directors)Story continues- three women and five men (i.e. a difference of two in accordance with the provisions of the French Commercial Code for Boards of directors with no more than eight members).The notice of meeting  containing the agenda and the text of the amended resolutions  will be published on the BALO website and in a legal gazette on May 11  2022 and will also be available on the GTT website.In accordance with the provisions of article R. 225-88 of the French Commercial Code  any shareholder holding registered shares may request  as from the publication of the notice of meeting and up to and including the fifth day before the date of this general meeting  that the documents and information referred to in articles R. 225-81 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code be sent to him. This request must be made using the form for sending additional documents attached to the notice of meeting brochure and must be sent by post to BNP Paribas Securities Services - CTO Assemblées Générales - Grands Moulins de Pantin - 9  rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex France.Holders of bearer shares may also obtain these documents by sending a request to BNP Paribas Securities Services  whose contact details are given above  and providing proof of their status as shareholders by sending a certificate of account registration issued by their authorized financial intermediary.The preparatory documents for the General Meeting of shareholders of May 31  2022 will be made available to shareholders in accordance with the applicable legal and regulatory provisions (i) on the GTT website (www.gtt.fr) and (ii) at the registered office of GTT  located at 1  route de Versailles  78470 Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse  France  and at the offices of BNP Paribas Securities Services  whose contact details are mentioned above.The communication of any information or document will be validly made by e-mail  provided that the shareholder indicates in his request the e-mail address to which it can be made. Shareholders are therefore invited to provide their e-mail address when making a request.The meeting will be broadcast in full - live and recorded - on the Company's website.Investor Relations Contactinformation-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Press Contactpress@gtt.fr / + 33 1 30 23 20 43For further information  please consult www.gtt.fr/enAbout GTTGTT is the technological expert in membrane containment systems dedicated to the transport and storage of liquefied gases. For over 50 years  GTT has been designing and marketing advanced technologies for improved energy performance. GTT technologies combine operational efficiency and safety to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  onshore storage tanks and multi-gas carriers. The Group also offers systems for the use of LNG as fuel  as well as a wide range of services  including digital solutions in the field of Smart Shipping. GTT also operates in the hydrogen sector through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers for the production of green hydrogen.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835  Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in the SBF 120 and MSCI Small Cap indexes.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['combined General Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'GTT', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'shareholders', 'May', 'CTO Assemblées Générales', '9, rue du Débarcadère', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services', 'Grands Moulins de Pantin', '1, route de Versailles', 'Saint-Rémy-lès-Chevreuse', 'Mrs. Isabelle Boccon-Gibod', 'Mr. Andrew Jamieson', 'Mr. Pascal Macioce', 'Mr. Antoine Rostand', 'French Commercial Code', 'authorized financial intermediary', '93761 Pantin Cedex France', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'membrane containment systems', 'onshore storage tanks', 'new independent directors', 'four independent directors', 'combined General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'The Group', '50% independent directors', 'contact details', 'Press Contact', '2022 General Meeting', 'regulatory situation', 'bulletin number', 'Remuneration Committee', 'three women', 'five men', 'eight members', 'legal gazette', 'registered shares', 'fifth day', 'bearer shares', 'account registration', 'applicable legal', 'registered office', 'technological expert', 'liquefied gases', 'advanced technologies', 'energy performance', 'operational efficiency', 'floating terminals', 'multi-gas carriers', 'wide range', 'digital solutions', 'Smart Shipping', 'hydrogen sector', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment A', 'meeting brochure', 'eight directors', 'mail address', 'preparatory documents', 'additional documents', 'BALO"" website', 'BALO website', 'health situation', 'LNG carriers', 'regulatory provisions', 'GTT technologies', 'draft resolutions', 'GTT website', 'Conditions', 'availability', 'shareholders', 'May', 'Gaztransport', 'Technigaz', 'Tuesday', 'accordance', 'rules', 'procedures', 'evolution', 'section', 'notice', 'agenda', 'modalities', 'participation', 'voting', 'journal-officiel', 'April', 'announcement', 'decision', 'Board', 'addendum', 'report', 'modification', 'resignations', 'effect', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'appointment', 'Story', 'difference', 'text', 'article', 'publication', 'date', 'information', 'request', 'post', 'proof', 'status', 'certificate', 'offices', 'communication', 'Company', 'financiere', '50 years', 'safety', 'fuel', 'field', 'subsidiary', 'Elogen', 'electrolysers', 'production', 'ISIN', '30']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-063000377.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 3 May 2022 – 9 May 2022,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  10 May 2022 In the period from 3 May 2022 until 9 May 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 27 327 of its own...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  10 May 2022In the period from 3 May 2022 until 9 May 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 27 327 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €24.83 per share for a total amount of €678 616.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 600 000 of own shares  which was announced on 24 February 2022. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 330 797.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', '9 May', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'share buy-back programme', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '10 May', 'period', '3 May', '9 May', 'repurchases', 'part', '24 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509005612/en/Number-of-Shares-and-Voting-Rights-of-Innate-Pharma-as-of-May-1-2022,Number of Shares and Voting Rights of Innate Pharma as of May 1  2022,MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Number of shares and voting rights of Innate Pharma as of May 1  2022,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Pursuant to the article L. 233-8 II of the French “Code de Commerce” and the article 223-16 of the French stock-market authorities (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or “AMF”) General Regulation  Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) releases its total number of shares outstanding as well as its voting rights as at May 1  2022:Total number of shares outstanding: 79 753 657 ordinary shares 6 514 Preferred Shares 2016 7 581 Preferred Shares 2017 Total number of theoretical voting rights (1): 80 511 497 Total number of exercisable voting rights (2): 80 492 922(1) The total number of theoretical voting rights (or “gross” voting rights) is used as the basis for calculating the crossing of shareholding thresholds. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares whose voting rights have been suspended. The total number of theoretical voting rights includes (i) voting rights attached to AGAP 2016  i.e. 130 voting rights for the AGAP 2016-1 and 111 voting rights for the AGAP 2016-2 and (ii) no voting rights attached to AGAP 2017.(2) The total number of exercisable voting rights (or “net” voting rights) is calculated without taking into account the shares held in treasury by the Company  with suspended voting rights. It is released so as to ensure that the market is adequately informed  in accordance with the recommendation made by the AMF on July 17  2007.About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of natural killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France  with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.comInformation about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts  the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development and the overall impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global healthcare system as well as the Company’s business  financial condition and results of operations. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.03,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Innate Pharma', 'Number', 'Shares', 'May', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'global, clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company', 'high unmet medical need', 'natural killer cell biology', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'global healthcare system', 'French “Code de', 'diversified proprietary portfolio', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'French stock-market authorities', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'gross” voting rights', 'net” voting rights', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Innate Pharma shares', '130 voting rights', '111 voting rights', 'ISIN code', 'financial condition', 'immune system', 'regulatory authorities', 'Euronext Paris', 'Regulatory News', 'shareholding thresholds', 'clinical outcomes', 'broad pipeline', 'class clinical', 'preclinical candidates', 'tumor microenvironment', 'antibody engineering', 'innovative approach', 'major alliances', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'multi-products collaboration', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'overall impact', 'COVID-19 outbreak', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'total number', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '79,753,657 ordinary shares', '14 Preferred Shares', '7,581 Preferred Shares', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'US office', 'actual results', 'article L.', 'forward-looking information', 'numerous risks', 'AMF website', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'Commerce', 'May', 'basis', 'crossing', 'accordance', 'AGAP', 'account', 'treasury', 'recommendation', 'July', 'treatment', 'patients', 'cancer', 'several', 'pioneer', 'understanding', 'expertise', 'tumor-antigens', 'leaders', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'research', 'development', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'operations', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'year', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-disclosure-trading-own-shares-170000733.html,BIC: Disclosure Of Trading In Own Shares for April 2022,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Disclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor April 2022 CLICHY – May 06  2022 In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs...,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDisclosure Of Trading In Own SharesFor April 2022CLICHY – May 06  2022In compliance with general regulation on share buy-backs  SOCIÉTÉ BIC declares below the transactions made on its own shares for April 2022 :Date Number of shares Average weighted price in € Amount in € 01/04/22 4 850 46 2318 224 224 23 04/04/22 4 900 45 8797 224 810 53 05/04/22 4 900 45 8925 224 873 25 06/04/22 4 950 45 5191 225 319 55 07/04/22 4 900 45 9272 225 043 28 08/04/22 4 850 46 2928 224 520 08 11/04/22 4 800 46 8130 224 702 40 12/04/22 4 800 46 4790 223 099 20 13/04/22 4 800 46 9960 225 580 80 14/04/22 4 450 47 6953 212 244 09 19/04/22 3 300 47 4931 156 727 23 20/04/22 3 500 48 3513 169 229 55 21/04/22 3 100 49 1946 152 503 26 22/04/22 3 100 48 5327 150 451 37 25/04/22 3 100 48 3224 149 799 44 26/04/22 3 000 50 3405 151 021 50 27/04/22 2 800 53 3134 149 277 52 28/04/22 2 750 54 2453 149 174 58 29/04/22 2 700 56 4631 152 450 37 TOTAL 75 550 47 8498 3 615 052 22ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSophie Palliez-CapianVP  Corporate Stakeholder Engagement+33 1 45 19 55 28+ 33 87 89 3351Sophie.palliez@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor Relations+ 33 1 45 19 52 98Michele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2022 AGENDAStory continuesALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2022 Results April 26  2022 2022 Annual General Meeting 18 May  2022 1st Half 2022 Results August 2  2022 3rd Quarter 2022 Results October 27  2022Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Own Shares', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'April', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Corporate Stakeholder Engagement', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', '1st Quarter 2022 Results', '1st Half 2022 Results', '3rd Quarter 2022 Results', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Michèle Ventura', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'general regulation', 'Investor Relations', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'share buy-backs', 'Date Number', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Senior Manager', 'La Tour', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'world leader', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Own Shares', 'Disclosure', 'Trading', 'April', 'CLICHY', 'May', 'compliance', 'transactions', 'Average', 'price', 'Amount', '01/04', 'TOTAL', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACT', 'VP', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Artaise', 'Image', '2022 AGENDA', 'Story', 'DATES', 'August', 'October', 'Attachment', '€']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/scott-leader-named-managing-director-000000894.html,Scott Leader named Managing Director  APAC for Eventus,Eventus  a leading global provider of multi-asset class trade surveillance and market risk solutions  announced today that Scott B. Leader has joined as...,"Heads sales in Asia-Pacific region as demand continues to grow for firm's trade surveillance  market risk solutionsNEW YORK and SYDNEY  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Eventus  a leading global provider of multi-asset class trade surveillance and market risk solutions  announced today that Scott B. Leader has joined as Managing Director  APAC  heading the company's sales efforts in the Asia-Pacific region. Leader has nearly three decades of financial services  sales and management experience throughout APAC and Europe  hiring and building high-performing teams at large organizations  including financial exchanges and global business information services providers.Reporting to Eventus Global Head of Sales Scott Schroeder  Leader is based in Sydney  where he has spent most of his career. The U.S.-based company has been steadily growing its presence in APAC  with staff now on the ground in Hong Kong  Singapore  the Republic of Korea and Australia  along with an expanding client base throughout the region.Schroeder said: ""Scott has a great record of driving growth as well as building and managing successful sales teams at major capital markets organizations. Given the very different approach to financial market regulation throughout APAC  there is a compelling need for our services and expertise  and Scott will play a key role in fueling our expansion. We've already established a strong foundation in the region and want to continue to add to our teams in sales  account management and support to serve an ever-increasing client base.""Leader said: ""Eventus is a highly innovative  respected company that partners closely with clients to make markets safer and help meet their regulatory and compliance challenges. I'm looking forward to building on the talented team and delivering this complete solution to a diverse region with such a wide range of unique jurisdictions.""Leader previously served since 2020 as Executive Director  Large Enterprise for Workday  Inc. a provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. Prior to that role  he was Regional Vice President of cloud content management and sharing platform Box  Inc.  where he founded and ran the Sydney office that ultimately served the firm's Southeast Asian region in sales  consulting  customer success  marketing and business development.Story continuesHe has also held senior-level roles at the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)  NYSE Euronext  Bloomberg LP  SunGard Financial Systems (now FIS)  Misys and Pegasystems.Last year  Eventus won four awards specifically for its work in the APAC region:Regulation Asia Awards for Excellence: Best Solution – Market Abuse & SurveillanceWatersTechnology Asia Award for Best Market Surveillance ToolRegTech Insight Award APAC for Best Trade Surveillance SolutionFOW Asia Capital Markets Award for Best New Product – Market SurveillanceAbout EventusEventus is a leading global provider of multi-asset class trade surveillance and market risk solutions. Its powerful  award-winning Validus platform is easy to deploy  customize and operate across equities  options  futures  foreign exchange (FX)  fixed income and digital asset markets. Validus is proven in the most complex  high-volume and real-time environments of tier-1 banks  broker-dealers  futures commission merchants (FCMs)  proprietary trading groups  market centers  buy-side institutions  energy and commodity trading firms  and regulators. The company's rapidly growing client base relies on Validus and Eventus' responsive support and product development teams to overcome its most pressing regulatory challenges. For more  visit www.eventus.com.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scott-leader-named-managing-director-apac-for-eventus-301542322.htmlSOURCE Eventus",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,mixed,0.62,0.24,0.14,True,English,"['Scott Leader', 'Managing Director', 'APAC', 'Eventus', 'The U.S.-based company', 'FOW Asia Capital Markets Award', 'global business information services providers', 'major capital markets organizations', 'multi-asset class trade surveillance', 'powerful, award-winning Validus platform', 'Best Market Surveillance Tool', 'Best Trade Surveillance Solution', 'WatersTechnology Asia Award', 'RegTech Insight Award', 'digital asset markets', 'Regulation Asia Awards', 'expanding client base', 'increasing client base', 'Regional Vice President', 'proprietary trading groups', 'commodity trading firms', 'growing client base', 'leading global provider', 'Best New Product', 'innovative, respected company', 'enterprise cloud applications', 'Australian Securities Exchange', 'SunGard Financial Systems', 'Eventus Global Head', 'futures commission merchants', 'Southeast Asian region', 'cloud content management', 'financial market regulation', 'product development teams', 'pressing regulatory challenges', 'market risk solutions', 'successful sales teams', ""Eventus' responsive support"", 'Scott B. Leader', 'business development', 'Best Solution', 'financial services', 'large organizations', 'platform Box', 'complete solution', 'NEW YORK', 'financial exchanges', 'compliance challenges', 'Large Enterprise', 'four awards', 'foreign exchange', 'original content', 'management experience', 'account management', 'high-performing teams', 'Market Abuse', 'market centers', 'three decades', 'Hong Kong', 'great record', 'different approach', 'compelling need', 'strong foundation', 'talented team', 'wide range', 'unique jurisdictions', 'human resources', 'customer success', 'senior-level roles', 'NYSE Euronext', 'Bloomberg LP', 'fixed income', 'complex, high-volume', 'real-time environments', 'tier-1 banks', 'buy-side institutions', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'diverse region', 'Executive Director', 'key role', 'SOURCE Eventus', 'sales efforts', 'Sydney office', 'Scott Schroeder', 'Managing Director', 'APAC region', 'demand', 'Europe', 'career', 'presence', 'staff', 'ground', 'Singapore', 'Republic', 'Korea', 'growth', 'expertise', 'expansion', 'clients', 'Workday', 'finance', 'sharing', 'Inc.', 'consulting', 'marketing', 'Story', 'ASX', 'FIS', 'Misys', 'Pegasystems', 'Excellence', 'equities', 'options', 'FX', 'broker-dealers', 'FCMs', 'energy', 'regulators', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases', 'scott-leader']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cbi-preliminary-earnings-fy-2021-060000488.html,CBI : Preliminary earnings for FY 2021-22,CBI : Preliminary earnings for FY 2021-22 2021-2022 preliminary consolidated revenues of €4.3 million for around four months of full activity from December...,"CBI : Preliminary earnings for FY 2021-222021-2022 preliminary consolidated revenues of € 4 . 3 million for around four months of full activity from December 20212021-2022 preliminary consolidated EBIT of € 1 . 9 million ( 4 5 % of revenues ) and preliminary consolidated net profit of € 3 . 8 million ( 8 9 % of revenues )Targeting significant business growth in 2022-23 with the opening of the metaverse and a number of universesCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (« CBI »  Euronext Growth Paris : FR00140062P9 – ALCBI) is reporting its preliminary consolidated full-year earnings for FY 2021-22. The 12-month financial year ended on March 31  2022 and the financial results under audit were reviewed by the Board of Directors on May 9  2022. The audit procedures for the consolidated financial statements are currently being finalized. The auditors' reports will be issued following verification of the notes to the financial statements and the information contained in the annual financial report. The numbers set forth in this press release have been rounded to thousands of euros.During the year CBI's started its blockchain  NFTs and crypto currencies activities focused in particular on the development of its AlphaVerse metaverse. As CBI began recording its first sales at end-November 2021  the reported results represent around four months of full activity.Frédéric Chesnais  Chairman of the Board and CEO  stated: “CBI's business model is to leverage the long-term growth and profitability potential of the blockchain and metaverses  virtual worlds in which users transact directly without intermediaries. Our strategy is focused on Games and Entertainment in the broadest sense  from music to photography and sports  creating and connecting as many universes as possible in order to offer the widest possible range of experience and services. For 2022-23  CBI is targeting significant revenue growth  driven by the launch of AlphaVerse and its related universes and NFTs”.Story continuesConsolidated key figures for fiscal year 2021-2022IFRS  in € ’000 and in % of revenue March 31  2022 March 31  2021 Change REVENUE 4 280.7 100.0% 0.0 100.0% n/s n/s EBIT 1 943.0 45.4% (5.0) n/s n/s n/s NET PROFIT  GROUP SHARE 3 807.0 88.9% (5.0) n/s n/s n/sCBI: Strategy and development of a connected and open metaverseCRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (""CBI"") is a French company developing and leveraging a portfolio of blockchain activities in order to capitalize on this technology  either directly or through partnerships.Its core business is currently focused on the development of AlphaVerse  a digital world (metaverse)  developed on the blockchain. Scheduled to open in the summer of 2022  CBI's metaverse aims to offer richer and more diverse experiences than traditional video games.A true exchange and sharing platform  AlphaVerse is designed around a central ""Hub""  that connects many different universes in the gaming and entertainment universes. Some universes are developed by CBI directly  while others are developed by CBI with partners  and others are developed by third parties to be linked to AlphaVerse through the Hub. Today  CBI has focused its content on video games  entertainment  and in particular music and digital arts  interests that bring together large communities. It has also developed an original model for funding charitable initiatives. Within this framework  CBI has partnered with and launched the development of various universes and associated NFTs  including MetaCoaster  United at Home  Chi Modu  Horyou and Artech.The universes offer gaming and interaction experiences  content sharing and creation  and exchanges. Visitors and players will be able to create  offer  and trade content within the game through NFTs and cryptocurrencies  as well as outside it  on various blockchain platforms.In addition to the metaverse  CBI’s projects include developing and marketing non-fungible tokens (""NFTs"") and cryptocurrencies  and specifically Crystal  Alphaverse's cryptocurrency  of which 600 million units have been created on the blockchain with the first private sales already completed  and more generally  the investment in blockchain technology related projects.Main achievements in FY 2021-2022FY 2021-22 enabled the company to establish the foundations for its development and starting up its activity. The last few months were marked by the following transactions:September 2021: Finalization of the contribution in kind of assets to the Company (see below)September 2021: Creation of the Crystal (CRYS) token  the cryptocurrency to be used in AlphaVerse - 600 million units created on the Binance Smart ChainOctober 2021: Listing of CBI shares on Euronext GrowthNovember 2021: First sales of CRYS and NFTJanuary 2022: 10-for-1 stock split in January 2022February 2022: Allocation of free shares  based on one free share for every four shares heldMarch 2022: Buyback and cancellation of the warrant that allowed Atari to acquire 5% of CBI's share capital at a price of €0.1 per share  in exchange for the termination of the Atari license  payment of USD $100 000  €12 000 and transfer of 3 500 000 Atari shares held by CBI to Atari.Objectives for FY 2022-23For FY 2022-23  the goal is to continue to develop AlphaVerse to become one of the main players in the metaverse worldwide.CBI is targeting significant revenue growth  driven by the launch of AlphaVerse and the first associated universes  including MetaCoaster (theme park game)  Chi Modu (hip-hop artist photographer)  Horyou (environmental protection foundation)  Art Tech (digital art)  Rave Age (electronic music) and Xave (music  currently being acquired).The level of profitability in 2022-23 will depend on the composition of revenues and is therefore difficult to predict at this stage.Preliminary consolidated financial statements for FY 2021-22The preliminary consolidated financial statements at March 31  2022 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS accounting principles and standards.They include the activities of the operating companies Crypto Blockchain Industries  SA  OP Productions  LLC and Free Reign East  LLC from April 1  2021 to March 31  2022 as well as the contribution in kind of cash  Atari shares  Atari tokens and the investment in National Carrier Exchange  LLC (contribution made on September 24  2021) and lastly CBI’s buyback  on March 29  2022  of the warrant that allowed the Atari Group to acquire 5% of CBI’s share capital for a price per share equal to the par value  i.e. €0.1 per share.PRELIMINARY CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTIFRS  in € ’000 and in % of revenues March 31  2022 March 31  2021 Change Revenues 4 280.7 100.0% 0 0 100.0% n/s n/s Cost of goods solds (487.1) -11.4% - 0.0% n/s n/s Gross margin 3 793.6 88.6% 0 0 100.0% n/s n/s R&D expenses (538.5) -12.6% (0 0) 0.0% n/s n/s Sales & marketing expenses (562.5) -13.1% (0 0) 0.0% n/s n/s G&A expenses (749.6) -17.5% (5.0) 0.0% n/s n/s Other operating income (expenses) - - - 0.0% n/s n/s Current operating income 1 943.0 45.4% (5 0) n/s n/s n/s Other income (expenses) - - - 0.0% n/s n/s Operating income 1 943.0 45.4% (5 0) n/s n/s n/s Cost of debt (62 2) -1 4% - 0.0% n/s n/s Other financial income (expenses) 2 044 7 47 7% - 0.0% n/s n/s Income taxes - - - 0.0% n/s n/s Net profit (loss) 3 925.5 91.7% (5 0) n/s n/s n/s Minority interests (118.5) -2.8% - 0.0% n/s n/s Net profit Group share 3 807.0 88.9% (5 0) n/s n/s n/sThe CBI Group had no activity in FY 2020-21  as the Company was formed in January 2021.Preliminary consolidated revenuesThe first sales of licenses and NFTs started at the end of November 2021  and the results at March 31  2022 therefore represent four months of activity.At March 31  2022  CBI is reporting preliminary consolidated revenues of €4 280.7K  mainly from the first sales of NFTs and tokens related to the development of the universes and AlphaVerse  and to a lesser extent  the licenses and online games of the subsidiaries OP Productions and Free Reign East. NCX is not consolidated.Over the four months of commercial activities  the proceeds from sales of NFTs and tokens are mainly derived from the sales or pre-sales recorded for AlphaVerse  including United at Home (Beat AlphaVerse)  among others.Preliminary consolidated income from operationsThe pro forma gross margin came to 88.6% of revenues for the period.Preliminary consolidated research and development expenses include the development and operation of video games. Their change depends on the level of new features developed. Classic video games are fully amortized  and there is no additional depreciation. With respect to the metaverse  the value of the intellectual property rights is recorded as an asset on the balance sheet and has not been amortized at March 31  2022  as this amortization starts from the opening of the metaverse.Preliminary consolidated sales and marketing expenses include advertising of the games through the launch of online campaigns. The expenses for the period related to OP Productions' game with new features  which resulted in additional marketing expenses to acquire additional players  and to marketing operations on the metaverse.Preliminary consolidated general and administrative expenses for the period mainly reflect management expenses  as well as general expenses related to the listing of the company's shares on Euronext Growth market.Preliminary consolidated operating income for the period came to €1 943.0k  compared to €(5.0)k for the same period last year.The preliminary consolidated financial expenses reflects the interest paid at the legal rate on the Ker Ventures loan and the IFRS 16 restatements  while consolidated financial income mainly reflects the capital gains recorded by the investment services provider TSAF under the liquidity contract for CBI shares.Preliminary consolidated minority interests represent the amount attributable to the 23% owners of OP Productions  LLC and Free Reign East  LLC and totaled €118.5K for the period.There is no corporate income tax payable for the period.The preliminary consolidated net profit (Group share) for the period came to €3 807.0 K  compared with a €(5.0) K loss for the same period last year.PRELIMINARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETASSETS (in €’000) March 31  2022 March 31  2021 Intangible assets 6 912.9 - Tangible assets 11.8 - IFRS 16 restatement (leases) 2 236.2 - Financial assets 12 246.6 - LONG-TERM ASSETS 21 407.5 - Inventory of cryptocurrencies and NFTs 2 828.5 - Accounts receivable 440.4 Cash and liquidity 2 647.2 37.0 SHORT-TERM ASSETS 5 916.1 37.0 TOTAL ASSETS 27 323.6 37.0SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES (in €’000) March 31  2022 March 31  2021 Share capital 24 258.8 37.0 Premium and consolidated reserves (10 446.8) - Net Income  Group share 3 807.0 (5.0) CONSOLIDATED EQUITY  GROUPE SHARE 17 619.0 32.0 Minority interests 206.6 - TOTAL CONSOLIDATED EQUITY 17 825.6 32.0 Shareholders’ loan 4 573.4 - Restatement IFRS 16 (leases) 2 015.6 - LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 6 589.0 - Accounts payable 2 559.2 5.0 Other liabilities 349.8 - SHORT-TERM LIABILITIES 2 909.0 - SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 27 323.6 37.0Preliminary consolidated intangible assetsAmounts invested in the development of the games and the metaverse are capitalized and amortized from the date they are put into service. For the metaverse  the value of the intellectual property rights is recorded as an asset on the balance sheet and has not been amortized at March 31  2022. This amortization will begin when the metaverse opens  scheduled for the end of the first half FY 2022-23.Preliminary consolidated financial assetsWhen listed  the portfolio of shares and financial instruments is valued based on a volume-weighted average price calculated over six months (V-WAP). This method was also used for the contribution in kind made in September 2021. Atari shares were used during the year to buy back the warrant issued to the Atari Group.Preliminary consolidated token and NFT inventoryThe inventory of tokens is recorded at cost  based on the purchase price. Each cryptocurrency is valued based on different volume-weighted average prices to reflect the value of each cryptocurrency and the overall portfolio. If the cost price of a cryptocurrency is less than its market value  no unearned revenue is recognized. If the cost price of a cryptocurrency is greater than its market value  an impairment loss is recognized in profit and loss. At March 31  2022 the inventory was valued at €2 828.5K.Preliminary Consolidated Shareholders’ Equity / Redemption of the WarrantPreliminary consolidated shareholders’ equity  Group share  totaled €17 619.0 K at March 31  2022.The increase is due to the profit for the year  the contribution of assets by Ker Ventures  EURL during the period  the private placement of shares in October 2021  all reduced by the repurchase price of the warrant issued to the Atari Group and cancelled as part of the agreement signed between CBI and Atari on March 29  2022.The change in preliminary consolidated shareholders’ equity can be broken down as follows:Equity as at March 31  2021 (000’s of euros) 32.0 Net income for the year 3 807.0 Contribution in kind 23 000.0 Rights issue / Private round and others 2 740.0 Expenses (809.8) Restatement IFRS 16 (435.3) Repurchase of Atari Warrant (10 716.9) Currency translation adjustments / Others 2 0 Equity as at March 31  2022 (000’s of euros) 17 619.0The March 29  2022 agreement was set up to unwind the capitalistic relationship between the two companies and to terminate the license agreement granted by Atari to CBI. Under the terms of this agreement  it is notably agreed as follows:Atari transfers back to CBI the warrant allowing Atari to acquire 5% of CBI’s share capital at par value (€0.1 per share)  which is then cancelled;CBI pays USD $100K to Atari and will transfer to Atari the 3.5 million Atari shares in its possession;CBI will not participate in Atari's pending capital increase;Atari and CBI have mutually agreed not to acquire any securities issued by the other entity for a period of five years;The license granted by Atari to CBI to operate certain Atari assets in the metaverse is terminated with immediate effect; the Atari NFTs sold by CBI will remain outstanding.The agreement was effective immediately and includes reciprocal concessions and non-interference clauses. The agreement covers each company  CBI and Atari  their subsidiaries  as well as their respective principal shareholders who are signatories to this agreement in their personal capacity (namely Frédéric Chesnais for CBI and Wade Rosen for Atari).The Warrant issued to Atari was an equity instrument  as it allowed Atari to acquire 5% of the share capital of CBI  a company whose shares are listed on Euronext Growth  for a price per CBI share equal to its par value. This Warrant was repurchased by CBI prior to its expiration date  in a transaction with a third party  and cancelled. The redemption price was charged to CBI's consolidated shareholders' equity at March 31  2022.The repurchase price includes the value of the Atari shares delivered as payment  cash on hand of USD$100 000 and other expense reimbursements. This price also includes  as a matter of prudence  given the commitments made over five years and the non-interference clauses referred to in the transaction protocol  the immediate loss of value of the ATRI token (€8 661.7K) insofar as its usefulness to the CBI Group over the next five years is fundamentally impacted by this transaction protocol.Preliminary consolidated net cash / financial liabilitiesAt March 31  2022  the Group had cash and cash equivalents of €2 647.2K. The application of IFRS 16 (Restatement of Leases) results in the recognition of a of €2 252.1 K accounting liability (of which €2 015.6K being classified as long- term liability  the balance being classified as short-term liability).Ker Ventures has contributed assets to the Company  in return for the issue of new shares and a deferred payment recorded as a shareholder loan for an amount of €4 450.2 K. This loan accrues interest at the legal rate and is classified as a long-term liability.The contribution of assets  completed on September 24  2021  was as follows:Description (€ ‘000) Cash 549.1 Atari Shares 1 953.0 Crypto-currencies 9 338.6 Investments in companies 15 609.6 Total Contribution 27 450.2 Shares 18 000.0 Premium 5 000.0 Shareholders' Loan 4 450.2 Total compensation 27 450.2Financial calendar:• June 30  2022: Release of the final FY 2021-2022 corporate and consolidated financial statements• September 19  2022 (5pm CET): General shareholders meetingDisclaimer:The realisation of projects  as well as their operational budget and financing plan  remain fundamentally subject to uncertainties  and the non-realisation of the underlying assumptions may have a significant impact on the value of assets and liabilities.About CBICRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES (“CBI”) is a French company that develops  operates and invests in video games  business applications and selected projects relating to the blockchain  non-fungible tokens (“NFTs”) and cryptocurrencies. Founded by Frédéric Chesnais  a renowned gaming industry entrepreneur and blockchain pioneer  CBI aims to develop and unlock value from a portfolio of blockchain activities across multiple industries (video games  finance  logistics  etc.) with a view to capitalizing on this technology  either directly or through partnerships. CBI has already made several investments and is currently developing AlphaVerse  a blockchain technology-based virtual world or metaverse that will be opening in summer 2022. CBI has been admitted to trading on the EI compartment (qualified investors) of the Euronext Growth Paris market since October 26  2021. Learn more at www.cbicorp.io .ContactsCBIFrédéric ChesnaisChairman and CEOfredchesnais@cbicorp.iowww.cbicorp.io Listing SponsorAtout CapitalRodolphe Ossolarodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com Financial CommunicationsCalyptusMaisie Mouret+33 (0)1 53 65 68 68cbi@calyptus.netAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,mixed,0.29,0.42,0.29,True,English,"['Preliminary earnings', 'CBI', 'FY', 'Frédéric Chesnais', 'preliminary consolidated full-year earnings', 'preliminary consolidated net profit', 'blockchain technology related projects', 'Consolidated key figures', 'widest possible range', 'Binance Smart Chain', 'annual financial report', 'preliminary consolidated EBIT', 'crypto currencies activities', 'consolidated financial statements', 'preliminary consolidated revenues', 'CRYPTO BLOCKCHAIN INDUSTRIES', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'significant business growth', 'first private sales', 'various blockchain platforms', '12-month financial year', 'significant revenue growth', 'traditional video games', 'one free share', 'many different universes', 'Preliminary earnings', 'related universes', 'first sales', 'blockchain activities', 'long-term growth', 'free shares', 'business model', 'core business', 'many universes', 'various universes', 'financial results', ""auditors' reports"", 'press release', 'profitability potential', 'virtual worlds', 'broadest sense', 'fiscal year', 'GROUP SHARE', 'digital world', 'diverse experiences', 'sharing platform', 'third parties', 'digital arts', 'large communities', 'original model', 'charitable initiatives', 'Chi Modu', 'interaction experiences', 'non-fungible tokens', '600 million units', 'Main achievements', 'following transactions', 'four shares', 'share capital', 'four months', 'full activity', 'audit procedures', 'true exchange', 'central ""Hub', 'CRYS) token', 'open metaverse', 'French company', 'content sharing', 'associated NFTs', 'entertainment universes', 'CBI shares', 'AlphaVerse metaverse', 'FY', 'December', 'opening', 'number', 'FR00140062P9', 'ALCBI', 'March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'May', 'verification', 'notes', 'information', 'thousands', 'euros', 'development', 'end-November', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'metaverses', 'users', 'intermediaries', 'strategy', 'music', 'photography', 'sports', 'order', 'services', 'launch', 'Story', 'IFRS', 'connected', 'portfolio', 'partnerships', 'summer', 'richer', 'gaming', 'others', 'particular', 'interests', 'framework', 'MetaCoaster', 'Home', 'Horyou', 'Artech', 'creation', 'exchanges', 'Visitors', 'players', 'trade', 'cryptocurrencies', 'addition', 'marketing', 'Crystal', 'cryptocurrency', 'investment', 'foundations', 'last', 'September', 'Finalization', 'contribution', 'kind', 'assets', 'October', 'Listing', 'January', 'February', 'Allocation', 'Buyback', 'cancellation', 'warrant', 'Atari', 'price', 'termination']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510005033/en/Health-Canada-approves-Eurofins-CDMO-Alphora-Inc.%E2%80%99s-Standard-Processing-License-for-Synthetic-Phytocannabinoids,Health Canada approves Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc.’s Standard Processing License for Synthetic Phytocannabinoids,LUXEMBOURG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc. announces receipt in April 2022 of its Health Canada Standard Processing License issued within the Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations for its Oakville  Ontario Operations. This is complementary to the…,LUXEMBOURG--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc. announces receipt in April 2022 of its Health Canada Standard Processing License issued within the Cannabis Act and Cannabis Regulations for its Oakville  Ontario Operations. This is complementary to the Institutional Research License obtained through Health Canada in June 2021 for its Mississauga development site.Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc. entered a licensing agreement with Kare Chemical Technologies Inc. in August 2021 for use of Kare’s innovative technology to synthetically produce high quality phytocannabinoids. Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc. has since developed scalable processes for several naturally occurring phytocannabinoids including CBD  CBDv  THC  THCv  and is preparing processes for others such as CBN  CBDA.Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc. was founded in 2003 and has a well-established history developing scalable API processes for clinical and commercial requirements for the biotech and pharmaceutical industry  and has been successfully inspected by both the FDA and Health Canada. This experience differentiates the company by applying its rigorous API development expertise to produce well-characterized  synthetic phytocannabinoids and reference standards of high purity  which are not readily produced through traditional extraction involving cannabis plants or seeds.With the increasing interest in the health properties of phytocannabinoids  Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc. is well positioned to leverage its pharmaceutical experience to support this growing and exciting market.To learn more  please visit: www.eurofins.com/cdmoAbout Eurofins CDMO:Eurofins CDMO is a leading global Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization that provides clients with active pharmaceutical ingredients (“API’s”) / drug substance and drug product development for small molecules and biologics. Its service offering encompasses drug substance/API development  solid state research and development  pre-formulation  formulation and development  analytical development  GMP manufacturing and clinical packaging and logistics. Operating with facilities in Europe  North America and India  Eurofins CDMO is accredited through the FDA  EMA  ANSM  ANSES  FAMHP  PMDA  and Health Canada. Eurofins CDMO is part of the Eurofins Group.About Eurofins – the global leader in bio-analysisEurofins is Testing for Life. With 58 000 staff across a network of 900 laboratories in 54 countries  Eurofins’ companies offer a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods.Eurofins Shares are listed on Euronext Paris Stock Exchange.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,positive,0.56,0.42,0.01,True,English,"['Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc.', 'Standard Processing License', 'Health Canada', 'Synthetic Phytocannabinoids', 'Health Canada Standard Processing License', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'several naturally occurring phytocannabinoids', 'Kare Chemical Technologies Inc.', 'leading global Contract Development', 'rigorous API development expertise', 'Eurofins CDMO Alphora Inc.', 'Institutional Research License', 'solid state research', 'characterized, synthetic phytocannabinoids', 'Mississauga development site', 'active pharmaceutical ingredients', 'drug product development', 'drug substance/API development', 'high quality phytocannabinoids', 'scalable API processes', 'global leader', 'analytical development', 'health properties', 'scalable processes', 'high purity', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'Eurofins Group', 'Eurofins’ companies', 'Eurofins Shares', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Cannabis Act', 'Cannabis Regulations', 'Ontario Operations', 'licensing agreement', 'innovative technology', 'commercial requirements', 'reference standards', 'traditional extraction', 'cannabis plants', 'increasing interest', 'exciting market', 'Manufacturing Organization', 'small molecules', 'service offering', 'GMP manufacturing', 'North America', '200,000 analytical methods', 'pharmaceutical experience', 'clinical packaging', 'LUXEMBOURG', 'receipt', 'April', 'Oakville', 'June', 'August', 'use', 'CBD', 'THC', 'others', 'CBN', 'history', 'biotech', 'FDA', 'company', 'seeds', 'growing', 'clients', 'biologics', 'formulation', 'logistics', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'India', 'EMA', 'ANSM', 'ANSES', 'FAMHP', 'PMDA', 'part', 'bio-analysis', 'Life', '58,000 staff', 'network', '900 laboratories', '54 countries', 'portfolio']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509005822/en/Innate-Pharma-Reports-First-Quarter-2022-Financial-Results-and-Business-Update,Innate Pharma Reports First Quarter 2022 Financial Results and Business Update,MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma reports first quarter 2022 financial results and business update,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today reported its consolidated financial results for the quarter ending March 31  2022.“Again this quarter we made significant progress in our pipeline in particular with the presentation of positive data and clinical progress with our anti-NKG2A  monalizumab. We also saw a $50 million milestone from AstraZeneca triggered due to the first patient dosed in April in the Phase 3 lung cancer trial. This means our cash position is considerably strengthened to fund our pipeline ambitions into 2024 ” said Mondher Mahjoubi  Chief Executive Officer of Innate Pharma. “We look forward to additional clinical milestones this year from our broad antibody pipeline  specifically readouts for lacutamab in the second half and further progress on ANKETTM  as we leverage scientific expertise and strong partnerships to deliver innovative treatments for people with cancer.”Webcast and conference call will be held today at 2:00pm CEST (8:00am EDT)The live webcast will be available at the following link:https://event.on24.com/wcc/r/3759098/7B02319F4F19D3C195707D21AF02B664Participants may also join via telephone using the dial-in details below:France: 0805 620 704United States: 1 844 200 6205 / 1 646 904 5544United Kingdom: 44 208 0682 558All other locations: +1 929 526 1599Access code: 051477This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com.A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.Pipeline highlights:Lacutamab (IPH4102  anti-KIR3DL2 antibody):The Phase 2 TELLOMAK study in Sézary syndrome and mycosis fungoides (MF) continues to progress and the Company expects to report preliminary data from both cohorts in the second half of 2022. In March 2022  Innate announced the opening of a new MF all-comers cohort in the TELLOMAK study. The all-comers cohort will be recruiting both KIR3DL2 expressors and non-expressors to explore the correlation between the level of KIR3DL2 expression and treatment outcomes utilizing a formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) assay as a potential companion diagnostic.Two clinical trials are underway evaluating lacutamab in patients with KIR3DL2-expressing  relapsed/refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL):Phase 1b trial: a Company-sponsored Phase 1b clinical trial to evaluate lacutamab as a monotherapy in patients with KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed PTCL.Phase 2 KILT (anti-KIR in T Cell Lymphoma) trial: The Lymphoma Study Association (LYSA) investigator-sponsored  randomized trial to evaluate lacutamab in combination with chemotherapy GEMOX (gemcitabine in combination with oxaliplatin) versus GEMOX alone in patients with KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL.ANKETTM (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics):Recruitment continues in the Phase 1/2 clinical trial by Sanofi evaluating IPH6101/SAR443579  the first NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager  in patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (R/R AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) or high risk- myelodysplastic syndrome (HR-MDS).IPH64  the second ANKETTM drug candidate of the research collaboration with Sanofi  is progressing and the Company looks forward to updates on this asset.Innate will provide updates on IPH65  the tetra-specific ANKETTM  throughout the year as progress is made toward an IND-enabling study in 2023.Monalizumab (anti-NKG2A antibody)  partnered with AstraZeneca:On April 29  2022  Innate announced a $50 million milestone payment from AstraZeneca was triggered for dosing the first patient in the Phase 3 clinical trial  PACIFIC-9  evaluating durvalumab (anti-PD-L1) in combination with monalizumab or AstraZeneca’s oleclumab (anti-CD73) in patients with unresectable  Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have not progressed following definitive platinum-based concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CRT). This is a post-period event.Detailed results from the randomized AstraZeneca-sponsored Phase 2 COAST clinical trial  including monalizumab data in combination with durvalumab  were published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology on April 22  2022. The results were initially presented during the European Society for Medical Oncology (ESMO) Congress 2021. The results of the interim analysis showed monalizumab in combination with durvalumab improved progression-free survival (PFS) and objective response rate (ORR) compared to durvalumab alone in patients with unresectable  Stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who had not progressed after concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CRT). The Journal of Clinical Oncology publication now includes exploratory subgroup analysis.An oral presentation on April 11  2022 at the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting from the AstraZeneca-sponsored Phase 2 NeoCOAST randomized trial in resectable  early-stage NSCLC highlighted improved disease responses with durvalumab in combination withmonalizumab  oleclumab or danvatirsen  when compared to durvalumab alone. The follow-up randomized clinical trial  NeoCOAST-2  is enrolling patients with resectable  stage IIA-IIIA NSCLC to receive neoadjuvant durvalumab combined with chemotherapy and either oleclumab or monalizumab  followed by surgery and adjuvant durvalumab plus oleclumab or monalizumab.The AstraZeneca-sponsored Phase 3 INTERLINK-1 trial of monalizumab plus cetuximab in immuno-oncology-pretreated head and neck cancer is ongoing with final data expected in 2024.IPH5201 (anti-CD39)  partnered with AstraZeneca:Data for the Phase 1 trial in solid tumors with IPH5201 alone or in combination with durvalumab (PD-L1) are expected to be presented in 2023.IPH5301 (anti-CD73):In March 2022  The Institut Paoli-Calmettes announced that the first patient had been dosed in the investigator-sponsored Phase 1 trial of IPH5301 (CHANCES). The trial will be conducted in two parts  Part 1  the dose escalation  followed by a Part 2 safety expansion study cohort. Part 2 will evaluate IPH5301 in combination with chemotherapy and trastuzumab in HER2+ cancer patients.ATM program:On May 05  2022  Innate announced the commencement of an At-The-Market (ATM) program  pursuant to which it may  from time to time  offer and sell to eligible investors a total gross amount of up to $75 million American Depositary Shares (“ADS”). Each ADS representing one ordinary share of Innate.Financial Results:Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets of the Company amounted to €131.7 million as of March 31  2022. At the same date  financial liabilities amounted to €43.8 million. Cash  cash equivalents and financial assets as of March 31  2022 do not include the $50.0 million payment to be received from AstraZeneca.Revenues for the first three months of 2022 amounted to €2.6 million (€4.5 million for the same period in 2021). For the three-month period  ended March 31  2022  revenue from collaboration and licensing agreements mainly results from the spreading of the payments received under our agreements with AstraZeneca.About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of natural killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France  with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.comInformation about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts  the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development and the overall impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global healthcare system as well as the Company’s business  financial condition and results of operations. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.1 Including short term investments (€16.3 million) and non-current financial instruments (€38.8 million). Not including PACIFIC-9 milestone payment to be received by the Company.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.6,0.33,0.07,True,English,"['First Quarter 2022 Financial Results', 'Innate Pharma Reports', 'Business Update', 'unresectable, Stage III non-small cell lung cancer', 'randomized AstraZeneca-sponsored Phase 2 COAST clinical trial', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'AstraZeneca-sponsored Phase 2 NeoCOAST randomized trial', 'first NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager', 'definitive platinum-based concurrent chemoradiation therapy', 'Company-sponsored Phase 1b clinical trial', 'Phase 3 lung cancer trial', 'LYSA) investigator-sponsored, randomized trial', 'high risk- myelodysplastic syndrome', 'Phase 1/2 clinical trial', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma', 'new MF all-comers cohort', 'second ANKETTM drug candidate', 'The Lymphoma Study Association', 'Phase 1b trial', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'Sézary syndrome', 'additional clinical milestones', 'Two clinical trials', 'Phase 2 TELLOMAK study', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential companion diagnostic', 'objective response rate', 'AACR) Annual Meeting', 'improved disease responses', 'Clinical Oncology publication', 'exploratory subgroup analysis', 'KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed/refractory PTCL', '$50 million milestone payment', 'consolidated financial results', 'resectable, early-stage NSCLC', 'broad antibody pipeline', 'KIR3DL2-expressing relapsed PTCL', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma website', 'Cancer Research', 'Phase 2 KILT', 'KIR3DL2-expressing, relapsed', 'first patient', 'American Association', 'clinical progress', 'IND-enabling study', 'second half', 'interim analysis', 'The Journal', 'Medical Oncology', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'positive data', 'cash position', 'pipeline ambitions', 'Mondher Mahjoubi', 'scientific expertise', 'strong partnerships', 'innovative treatments', 'conference call', 'following link', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'other locations', 'Access code', 'Investors section', 'Pipeline highlights', 'mycosis fungoides', 'preliminary data', 'KIR3DL2 expression', 'treatment outcomes', 'formalin-fixed paraffin', 'FFPE) assay', 'R/R AML', 'research collaboration', 'tetra-specific ANKETTM', 'anti-NKG2A antibody', 'European Society', 'ESMO) Congress', 'progression-free survival', 'Company website', 'Detailed results', 'significant progress', 'KIR3DL2 expressors', 'oral presentation', 'live webcast', 'post-period event', 'monalizumab data', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'Nasdaq', 'IPHA', 'quarter', 'March', 'April', 'readouts', 'lacutamab', 'people', '2:00pm', '00am', 'B02319F4F19D3C195707D21AF02B664', 'Participants', 'telephone', 'dial', 'details', 'information', 'innate-pharma', 'replay', '90 days', 'cohorts', 'opening', 'correlation', 'level', 'patients', 'monotherapy', 'combination', 'chemotherapy', 'GEMOX', 'gemcitabine', 'oxaliplatin', 'Recruitment', 'Sanofi', 'IPH6101/SAR443579', 'B-ALL', 'HR-MDS', 'IPH64', 'updates', 'asset', 'IPH65', 'year', 'PACIFIC', 'durvalumab', 'PD-L', 'oleclumab', 'CRT', 'PFS']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sidetrade-double-digit-growth-revenue-153600134.html,Sidetrade: Double-digit growth in revenue to 12% for Q1 2022,First Quarter Revenue for 2022 Record-breaking new bookings surge in Q1 2022 Growth of +132%81% of bookings were international  with 62% from the United...,"SidetradeFirst Quarter Revenue for 2022Record-breaking new bookings surge in Q1 2022Growth of +132%81% of bookings were international  with 62% from the United StatesIncrease in Order-to-Cash SaaS revenue to +21%Double-digit growth in revenue to 12%Sidetrade recognized as one of three Leaders in the first Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash ApplicationsSidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA)  the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today announces new record bookings with an increase of +132% up from Q1 2022  a +21% increase in its Order-to-Cash SaaS revenue  and a +12% increase in its total revenue.Olivier Novasque  CEO of Sidetrade commented:“We have just delivered the best quarter in our history in terms of new bookings  including a major contract in the United States  where we were selected over our three direct US competitors. In addition to this unprecedented success  this performance once again demonstrates the technological edge of our Order-to-Cash solution  our real commercial delivery capacity and the strength of our SaaS model. The return of inflation and the multiple hikes in interest rates will only increase appetite among businesses for solutions that secure and accelerate cash flow generation.“This market performance will be further strengthened by the recognition of Sidetrade as a Leader in the first Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash Applications. This provides tremendous potential for growth in our business in the United States and in our enterprise accounts in Europe. We are now  more than ever  in the best possible position to consolidate our initial success in the United States  accelerate our growth in all regions and take Sidetrade to the next level.”Sidetrade hits quarterly new bookings record  with a surge of +132% in Q1 2022In Q1 2022  Sidetrade set a new record for Order-to-Cash SaaS bookings  which will generate an additional €2.17 million in annual recurring revenue (""ARR"")  compared with €0.94 million in Q1 2021; a 132% increase. The former record for bookings (ARR of €1.67 million) had been set in the previous quarter (Q4 2021). The total value of these new subscription contracts over their initial contract periods (excluding renewals) represents €6.91 million of total contract value (""TCV"").Story continuesTo these SaaS bookings should be added €1.09 million of services on an annual basis (implementation  configuration  training  recurring services  etc.)  compared with €0.81 million in Q1 2021. As a result  the annual contract value (ACV) of these orders in Q1 2022 was €3.27 million  compared with €1.75 million in Q1 2021  an 87% increase.The initial contract period for new customers (excluding renewals) rose to 40.8 months  compared with 36.2 months in the same quarter of the previous fiscal year.81% of bookings were international  with 62% from the United StatesIn Q1 2022  international orders represented more than 81% of all bookings  driven by unprecedented momentum in sales with world-leading organizations. As a result of inflation and recruitment difficulties  businesses have been driven to invest in Order-to-Cash solutions to accelerate their cash flow generation in an environment of rising interest rates  thereby increasing their productivity.Less than a year after operations were officially launched in North America  Sidetrade signed the largest contract in its history with a major Information Technology consultancy firm (see the press release issued on February 21  2022). This contract  awarded to Sidetrade in preference over its three direct US competitors  provides it with an additional ARR of €1.36 million in this region  i.e.  62% of all bookings in Q1 2022.As a reminder  Sidetrade had set itself the goal of achieving more than one-third of its bookings in the United States by the second half of 2022. Buoyed by this initial success and its recognition as a Leader in the first Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash Applications  Sidetrade intends to ramp up its presence in North America by doubling its sales force in 2022.In this quarter  New Business includes the record-breaking contract signed in the United States  representing 69% of total bookings. Cross-selling represents 15% of total new bookings  with the remaining 16% of bookings accounting for Upselling of additional modules to existing customers.Growth in Order-to-Cash SaaS revenue  up +21%Sidetrade(€m) 2022 Q1 2021 Q1 Change ‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities 8.1 6.8 +19% of which SaaS Subscriptions 6.7 5.5 +21% ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities 0.3 0.7 -57% Revenue 8.4 7.5 +12%2022 Q1 accounts have been audited and will be certified after the finalization of procedures required for the annual financial report.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities grew very sharply to 19% in Q1 2022  driven by 21% growth in SaaS subscriptions. The growth in this recurring revenue is the result of record bookings in the 2021 fiscal year  which will continue to impact revenue growth throughout the 2022 fiscal year.‘Order-to-Cash’ Activities  a core business within the Company’s strategy since 2019  now represent 96% of total revenue.In addition  ‘Sales & Marketing’ Activities  which were launched in 2017 and were mainly focused on the French SME market  have become secondary to Sidetrade’s activities and have not been technologically integrated into the Order-to-Cash platform. They now account for only 4% of total revenue and will continue to play a less prominent role commercially  with estimated revenue of €0.9 million at end 2022.Total revenue grew by 12% in Q1 2022  to €8.4 million. In addition to this performance  international revenue continued to grow substantially  reaching 49% of revenue for the very first time  with the United States representing 19% of the total.A resilient economic model against inflationary pressuresVisibility of recurring revenue from subscriptions in a period of economic uncertaintySidetrade’s economic model provides its business with significant resilience  as 90% of its revenue is recurring  representing a significant advantage in the current environment. The robustness of its model is based on signing contracts that span multiple years. These comprise an average initial commitment period of 36.25 months (increasing to 40.8 months for new customers acquired in Q1 2022)  followed by successive periods of the same length. With a controlled churn of between 5% and 6% on average for Order-to-Cash solutions  the average time a customer remains with Sidetrade is close to 20 years.Resilience of the economic model in a period of high inflationDue to the length of its subscription periods  Sidetrade systematically reindexes all its contracts to changes in consumer price indices (the Syntec for Southern Europe  the UK CPI for Northern Europe  and the US CPI for the United States)  and alters the total price of subscriptions each year by reference to changes in these price indices. In addition to the fact that the rising cost of cash and salaries has made Order-to-Cash solutions more attractive to financial departments  the construction of Sidetrade’s economic model demonstrates robust pricing power that protects the Company’s future revenue against inflationary pressures.Sidetrade recognized as a Leader in the first Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Integrated Invoice-to-Cash Applications  and unveils a global map of B2B payment trendsOn April 11  2022  Sidetrade was recognized as one of three Leaders in the Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Invoice-to-Cash applications.Following this recognition  for the first time ever  Sidetrade made the move to reveal global B2B payment trends in an industry-first predictive payment intelligence map. This is extracted from its Data Lake   comprising of 593 million payment experiences  worth a total value of more than $4.6 trillion processed over the last three years from 20.7 million B2B buyers worldwide. This map offers users (businesses  governments  and analysts) unprecedented information on how buyers pay their suppliers  an invaluable resource in a climate of global uncertainty and inflationary pressures.Next financial announcementsAnnual Shareholder general meeting: June 16  2022 (11:00 am CEST  virtual)2022 First Half Year Revenue: July 19  2022  after the stock market closesInvestor relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia relationsRebecca Parlby +44 7824 505 584 bparlby@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4 600 million worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 250 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Bidfood.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.25,0.22,True,English,"['Double-digit growth', 'Sidetrade', 'revenue', 'Q1', 'major Information Technology consultancy firm', 'real commercial delivery capacity', 'first Gartner® Magic Quadrant™', 'three direct US competitors', 'quarterly new bookings record', 'annual financial report', 'new subscription contracts', 'best possible position', 'cash flow generation', 'rising interest rates', 'First Quarter Revenue', 'initial contract periods', 'annual contract value', 'total contract value', 'Cash SaaS platform', 'annual recurring revenue', 'previous fiscal year', 'new record bookings', 'Record-breaking new bookings', 'total new bookings', 'Cash SaaS revenue', 'major contract', 'Q1 2021 Q1 Change', 'United States Increase', 'Cash Applications Sidetrade', 'three Leaders', 'total value', 'record-breaking contract', 'annual basis', '2021 fiscal year', '2022 fiscal year', 'new customers', 'total revenue', 'former record', 'best quarter', 'initial success', 'previous quarter', 'largest contract', 'SaaS model', 'SaaS Subscriptions', 'total bookings', 'SaaS bookings', 'New Business', 'Cash solution', 'Integrated Invoice', 'global AI-powered', 'Olivier Novasque', 'unprecedented success', 'technological edge', 'multiple hikes', 'tremendous potential', 'enterprise accounts', 'next level', 'same quarter', 'unprecedented momentum', 'world-leading organizations', 'recruitment difficulties', 'North America', 'press release', 'second half', 'additional modules', 'existing customers', 'recurring services', 'revenue growth', 'market performance', 'international orders', '2022 Q1 accounts', 'Double-digit growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'additional ARR', 'sales force', 'Marketing’ Activities', 'solutions', 'Q1 2022', '+21% increase', '+12% increase', '132% increase', '87% increase', '21% growth', 'ALBFR', 'CEO', 'history', 'terms', 'strength', 'return', 'inflation', 'appetite', 'businesses', 'recognition', 'Europe', 'regions', 'surge', 'renewals', 'TCV', 'implementation', 'configuration', 'training', 'result', 'ACV', '40.8 months', '36.2 months', 'environment', 'productivity', 'operations', 'February', 'preference', 'reminder', 'goal', 'one-third', 'presence', 'Cross-selling', 'Upselling', 'finalization', 'procedures']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510005878/en/Webhelp-Named-a-Star-Performer-by-Everest-Group-for-Trust-and-Safety,Webhelp Named a Star Performer by Everest Group for Trust and Safety,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Webhelp  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) and business solutions  announced it has been named a Star Performer by leading global analyst firm Everest Group in its Trust and Safety – Content Moderation Services PEAK…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Webhelp  a leading global provider of customer experience (CX) and business solutions  announced it has been named a Star Performer by leading global analyst firm Everest Group in its Trust and Safety – Content Moderation Services PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2022. Everest Group selects Star Performers based on YoY improvement on the PEAK Matrix; Webhelp was one of only two providers awarded this status.“Webhelp  being experienced in addressing the trust and safety needs of buyers across all industries  has recently expanded its client portfolio significantly and enhanced its suite of services offered to clients ” said Abhijnan Dasgupta  Practice Director  Everest Group. “Webhelp has expanded its delivery presence in LATAM  EMEA  and APAC and has invested in augmenting its proprietary tools (such as Proteus and Moderatus)  which are leveraged by moderators for non-egregious content moderation. These are some of the factors that have contributed to Webhelp strengthening its positioning as a Major Contender and being recognized as a Star Performer in Everest Group’s Trust and Safety – Content Moderation Services PEAK Matrix® 2022.”The report validates Webhelp’s strength in multilingual support in its trust and safety practice  including the use of its proprietary translation technologies  helping deliver consistent  multilingual experiences at scale. This coupled with Webhelp’s design and consulting capabilities  enables the business to build consistent and safe user experiences.“We are very proud of our assessment and recognition as a Star Performer by Everest Group  validating the growth of our global Trust and Safety practice ” said Chloé de Mont-Serrat  Webhelp’s Co-CEO of Digital Content Services. “Whether a business is digital native or looking to transform and increase its online presence  trust and safety has become vital across industries. We support some of the leading brands  so we’ve invested heavily in moderation platforms  ensuring our clients’ safety and reputation.”“The information landscape is continuing to change rapidly  and it’s important we are involved in this conversation to inform and advise our clients. We’re proud to have recently joined the Trust & Safety Professional Association and will continue to implement industry knowledge and best practices across our global team ” said Paul Danter  Co-CEO of Digital Content Services  Webhelp.Everest Group’s “Trust and Safety – Content Moderation Services  PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2022” evaluated 18 providers  positioning them on a comprehensive set of quantitative and qualitative criteria based on their vision & capability  and market impact.This announcement follows a series of accolades from top industry analysts  with Webhelp being positioned as a Leader in the 2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Customer Service BPO. Additionally  Webhelp was named the most innovative CX provider in Frost and Sullivan’s 2021 Frost Radar™ report.- END -About WebhelpWebhelp designs  delivers  and optimizes unforgettable human experiences for today’s digital world – creating game-changing customer journeys. From sales to service  content moderation to credit management  Webhelp is an end-to-end partner across all B2C and B2B customer journeys. Its over 100 000 passionate employees across more than 55 countries thrive on making a difference for the world’s most exciting brands. Webhelp is currently owned by its management and Groupe Bruxelles Lambert (Euronext: GBLB)  a leading global investment holding  as of November 2019.,neutral,0.28,0.69,0.03,positive,0.52,0.42,0.05,True,English,"['Star Performer', 'Everest Group', 'Webhelp', 'Trust', 'Safety', 'leading global analyst firm Everest Group', 'leading global investment holding', 'leading global provider', 'safe user experiences', 'Chloé de Mont-Serrat', '2022 Gartner Magic Quadrant', 'unforgettable human experiences', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'game-changing customer journeys', 'B2B customer journeys', 'egregious content moderation', 'proprietary translation technologies', 'top industry analysts', 'Content Moderation Services', 'Digital Content Services', 'Customer Service BPO', 'Safety Professional Association', 'consistent, multilingual experiences', '2021 Frost Radar™ report', 'PEAK Matrix® Assessment', 'leading brands', 'global team', 'customer experience', 'moderation platforms', 'global Trust', 'proprietary tools', 'multilingual support', 'industry knowledge', 'digital world', 'Star Performers', 'YoY improvement', 'client portfolio', 'Abhijnan Dasgupta', 'Practice Director', 'delivery presence', 'Major Contender', 'consulting capabilities', 'online presence', 'information landscape', 'best practices', 'Paul Danter', 'comprehensive set', 'qualitative criteria', 'market impact', 'CX provider', '100,000 passionate employees', 'exciting brands', 'safety needs', 'safety practice', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business solutions', 'two providers', 'credit management', 'end partner', 'clients’ safety', '18 providers', 'PARIS', 'Webhelp', 'status', 'buyers', 'industries', 'suite', 'LATAM', 'EMEA', 'APAC', 'Proteus', 'Moderatus', 'moderators', 'factors', 'positioning', 'strength', 'scale', 'design', 'recognition', 'growth', 'CEO', 'reputation', 'conversation', 'quantitative', 'vision', 'capability', 'announcement', 'series', 'accolades', 'Leader', 'Sullivan', 'today', 'sales', 'B2C', '55 countries', 'difference', 'Euronext', 'GBLB', 'November']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000970.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 May 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5118 £ 24.7683 Estimated MTD return -1.16 % -1.15 % Estimated YTD return -2.36 % -2.12 % Estimated ITD return 185.12 % 147.68 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.23 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.25 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 316 588 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.8549 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.9365The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/corona-introduces-taste-paradise-corona-080000662.html,Corona Introduces a Taste of Paradise with Corona Tropical  the Brand's First Non-Beer Beverage in the Global Portfolio,Today  Corona  an AB InBev global brand  announced the launch of Corona Tropical  the brand's first lightly sparkling alcoholic drink made with a hint of...,"Corona Launches New Lightly Sparkling Drink with a Hint of Real Fruit Juice* WorldwideLONDON  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Today  Corona  an AB InBev global brand  announced the launch of Corona Tropical  the brand's first lightly sparkling alcoholic drink made with a hint of real fruit juice* available worldwide. An inclusive beverage for consumers who embrace the Corona lifestyle but are looking for an alternative to beer  Corona Tropical is a highly refreshing new way to enjoy Corona. The newest innovation by Corona is currently rolling out globally in China  Colombia  Peru  Panama  Ecuador and the UK  with additional markets launching later this year  starting with Canada.Corona TropicalAccording to Research and Markets  the global alcoholic infused sparkling water market size is expected to expand at a compound annual growth rate of 12% over the next several years. As more consumers around the globe look for alternative  low-calorie beverages  Corona created a product catered to consumers searching for that Corona lifestyle  beyond beer. Corona Tropical is a refreshing alcoholic beverage with no added sugar and less than 100 calories per can  available in several tropical flavors. With Corona Tropical  Corona is expanding its global beverage portfolio to offer a new  refreshing  and flavorful taste of paradise  by developing a completely unknown category in some markets around the globe.""Corona is a brand that was born from the tropics and as we encourage consumers to embrace the lifestyle around the world  we're excited to offer a new Corona beverage to those who love the brand but are looking for options outside of beer "" said Felipe Ambra  Global Vice President for Corona. ""It is our mission to bring paradise to people everywhere and our newest innovation does just that. We created a more flavorful and very approachable alcoholic beverage so that everyone can enjoy the feeling of paradise done the Corona way.""Story continuesTo highlight the natural taste from real fruit juice*  Corona will install pickable  real fruit billboards in select cities  starting in London and expanding around the world in May  giving locals a chance to immerse themselves in both the taste and feel of a tropical paradise. The real fruit billboards will allow consumers to pick fruit straight from the ad and enjoy a slice in their own Corona Tropical sample in a nearby  relaxing tropical oasis. And some lucky Corona Tropical consumers will even have the opportunity to enjoy their next Corona Tropical in the ultimate real-life paradise destination  Corona Island – to truly unplug from reality and reconnect with nature. For a chance to win a trip for themselves and a friend  Corona Tropical drinkers in participating markets can share a photo on Instagram or Twitter enjoying Corona Tropical  follow @corona and include #NewCoronaTropical or #NuevaCoronaTropical for a chance to win. Promotion will kick off in select markets this month for two weeks starting in the UK on May 10.In the UK  Corona Tropical is 4.5% ABV and available in three flavors – Guava & Lime  Raspberry & Lemon  and Grapefruit & Lemongrass. In Latin American markets  Corona Tropical is 4.2% ABV and available in four flavors – Lemon & Lime  Grapefruit & Lime  Pineapple Mango & Lime  and Strawberry Cherry & Lime. Corona Tropical is always enjoyed with Corona's classic lime ritual. Pricing and availability vary by market.For more information about Corona Tropical please follow along on Twitter @corona.*fruit juice from concentrateAbout Corona GlobalBorn in Mexico  Corona is the leading beer brand in the country  the most popular Mexican beer worldwide exported to more than 180 countries. Corona Extra was first brewed in 1925 at the Cervecería Modelo in Mexico City. Corona is a pioneer in the beer industry by being the first to use a transparent bottle showcasing its purity and high quality to the world. The artwork found on the bottle is painted  highlighting our commitment to quality in our packaging and our Mexican heritage. No Corona is complete without the lime. Naturally adding character  flavor and refreshment  the lime ritual is an integral part of delivering an experience that is truly unique to Corona. The brand is synonymous with the beach and celebrates time outdoors. It invites people to pause  relax and enjoy the simple pleasures of life.Corona has an ongoing commitment to reducing plastics. Since its partnership with Parley for the Oceans in 2017  they have exceeded its mission to protect 100 islands before 2020  and continue to deploy consistent global clean-up efforts.About Anheuser-Busch InBevAnheuser-Busch InBev is a publicly traded company (Euronext: ABI) based in Leuven  Belgium  with secondary listings on the Mexico (MEXBOL: ANB) and South Africa (JSE: ANH) stock exchanges and with American Depositary Receipts on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: BUD). As a company  we dream big to create a future with more cheers. We are always looking to serve up new ways to meet life's moments  move our industry forward and make a meaningful impact in the world. We are committed to building great brands that stand the test of time and to brewing the best beers using the finest ingredients. Our diverse portfolio of well over 500 beer brands includes global brands Budweiser®  Corona® and Stella Artois®; multi-country brands Beck's®  Hoegaarden®  Leffe® and Michelob ULTRA®; and local champions such as Aguila®  Antarctica®  Bud Light®  Brahma®  Cass®  Castle®  Castle Lite®  Cristal®  Harbin®  Jupiler®  Modelo Especial®  Quilmes®  Victoria®  Sedrin®  and Skol®. Our brewing heritage dates back more than 600 years  spanning continents and generations. From our European roots at the Den Hoorn brewery in Leuven  Belgium. To the pioneering spirit of the Anheuser & Co brewery in St. Louis  US. To the creation of the Castle Brewery in South Africa during the Johannesburg gold rush. To Bohemia  the first brewery in Brazil. Geographically diversified with a balanced exposure to developed and developing markets  we leverage the collective strengths of approximately 169 000 colleagues based in nearly 50 countries worldwide. For 2021  AB InBev's reported revenue was 54.3 billion USD (excluding JVs and associates).Corona Tropical LogoSOURCE Corona",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.72,0.26,0.02,True,English,"['First Non-Beer Beverage', 'Global Portfolio', 'Corona Tropical', 'Taste', 'Paradise', 'Brand', 'compound annual growth rate', 'consistent global clean-up efforts', 'sparkling water market size', 'nearby, relaxing tropical oasis', 'New Lightly Sparkling Drink', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'ultimate real-life paradise destination', 'pickable, real fruit billboards', 'AB InBev global brand', 'lucky Corona Tropical consumers', 'refreshing new way', 'next several years', 'Global Vice President', 'Cervecería Modelo', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'global beverage portfolio', 'Real Fruit Juice', 'refreshing alcoholic beverage', 'approachable alcoholic beverage', 'alternative, low-calorie beverages', 'Latin American markets', 'several tropical flavors', 'new Corona beverage', 'popular Mexican beer', 'next Corona Tropical', 'Corona Tropical sample', 'classic lime ritual', 'leading beer brand', 'alcoholic drink', 'global alcoholic', 'new ways', 'stock exchanges', 'inclusive beverage', 'Anheuser-Busch InBev', 'Corona Global', 'Mexican heritage', 'Tropical drinkers', 'three flavors', 'four flavors', 'tropical paradise', 'newest innovation', 'unknown category', 'Felipe Ambra', 'select cities', 'two weeks', 'Pineapple Mango', 'Strawberry Cherry', 'integral part', 'simple pleasures', 'secondary listings', 'South Africa', 'meaningful impact', 'additional markets', 'participating markets', 'select markets', 'natural taste', 'Corona Island', 'Corona Extra', 'No Corona', 'transparent bottle', 'high quality', 'ongoing commitment', 'Mexico City', 'beer industry', 'Corona lifestyle', 'flavorful taste', 'Hint', 'LONDON', 'PRNewswire', 'launch', 'China', 'Colombia', 'Peru', 'Panama', 'Ecuador', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Research', 'globe', 'product', 'sugar', 'less', '100 calories', 'tropics', 'world', 'options', 'mission', 'people', 'everyone', 'feeling', 'Story', 'May', 'locals', 'chance', 'slice', 'opportunity', 'reality', 'nature', 'trip', 'friend', 'photo', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'Promotion', 'Guava', 'Raspberry', 'Lemon', 'Grapefruit', 'Pricing', 'availability', 'information', 'concentrate', 'country', '180 countries', 'pioneer', 'purity', 'artwork', 'packaging', 'character', 'refreshment', 'experience', 'beach', 'time', 'plastics', 'partnership', 'Parley', 'Oceans', '100 islands', 'company', 'Euronext', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', 'MEXBOL', 'ANB', 'JSE', 'NYSE', 'BUD', 'future', 'cheers', 'moments']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/frankies-bikinis-dives-efficiency-centric-120300842.html,FRANKIES BIKINIS DIVES INTO EFFICIENCY WITH CENTRIC PLM™,Centric Software® is delighted to announce the release of a success story about its customer  Frankies Bikinis.,"A swimwear company gets all their product data into a central  digital hubCAMPBELL  Calif.  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Centric Software® is delighted to announce the release of a success story about its customer  Frankies Bikinis.FRANKIES BIKINIS DIVES INTO EFFICIENCY WITH CENTRIC PLM™Not only did we need a great design and development group  we needed a system to track and accelerate it.Frankies Bikinis  the beachwear lifestyle brand is based in Venice  California. Founded by Francesca Aiello in 2012  she went from creating bikinis for friends  to debuting at Miami Swim Week in 2014 as the youngest designer ever to do so. Frankies designs are sported by supermodels and celebrities like Gigi and Bella Hadid  Hailey Bieber  Kylie and Kendall Jenner  and JLo.Kalin Mowry  Director of Production and Development brought big changes to the product development process. Recognizing the need to move away from spreadsheets and email  she also aimed to move the design and development from third-party contractors to in-house. Mowry built a case for PLM as well as an in-house team. ""Not only did we need a great design and development group  we needed a system to track and accelerate it. The spreadsheets and basically all of the archaic ways of tracking weren't really suitable for how quickly we were growing.""Now  they have all their product data in a central  digital hub and communication among team members is efficient. Every department is using Centric PLM to execute tasks from concepting  design  development and SKU creation to CAD  costing and setting pricing for both retail and wholesale.Find out more details in the success story!Read the full storyRequest a DemoFRANKIES BIKINIS  LLC. (www.frankiesbikinis.com)In 2012 founder Francesca Aiello began her mission to create the perfect bikini  gaining momentum when she began to showcase her swimsuit designs on Instagram. After creating two collections  Francesca became the youngest designer to ever debut at Miami Swim Week in 2014. Her designs are worn by supermodels and celebrities including Gigi and Bella Hadid  Hailey Bieber  and Kylie and Kendall Jenner.Story continuesFrankies Bikinis is a global online destination for fashion-forward beachwear inspired by Malibu and made in Los Angeles. Known for high-end fabrics  fashion forward shapes  and cheeky bottoms  the bikinis look great on everybody. Since the company's inception  Francesca Aiello has evolved the brand into a beach lifestyle brand  expanding product offerings to include ready-to-wear clothing and beauty. Frankies Bikinis' designs can be found in better retail boutiques nationwide including Revolve  Intermix  Free People  Kith  and Browns. The largest selection of Frankies Bikinis can be found at frankiesbikinis.com.Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLM™  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.Centric PLM ™ for Consumer Goods (PRNewsfoto/Centric Software)CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/frankies-bikinis-dives-into-efficiency-with-centric-plm-301542877.htmlSOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.73,0.11,0.16,True,English,"['FRANKIES BIKINIS', 'CENTRIC PLM™', 'INTO', 'EFFICIENCY', 'highly visual digital board experiences', 'Armonica Retail S.R.L.', 'highest user adoption rate', 'flagship Product Lifecycle Management', 'Consumer Digital Transformation Platform', 'product portfolio optimization innovations', 'Centric Visual Innovation Platform', 'central, digital hub', '3D digital mock-up', 'Miami Swim Week', 'global online destination', 'innovative, cloud-native solution', 'first mobile apps', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Top 100 Global list', 'various excellence awards', 'moving consumer industries', 'retail business performance', 'enterprise-class merchandise planning', 'other enterprise systems', 'beach lifestyle brand', 'retail planning process', 'fashion forward shapes', '3D CAD connectors', 'multiple industry awards', 'beachwear lifestyle brand', 'All Centric innovations', 'Centric Software Inc', 'SOURCE Centric Software', 'product development process', 'Centric Retail Planning', '3D design software', ""Frankies Bikinis' designs"", 'product innovation', 'PLM) platform', 'consumer electronics', 'consumer goods', 'retail boutiques', 'product data', 'fashion-forward beachwear', 'product offerings', 'Product Concept', 'other brands', 'product names', 'Centric Software®', 'PRNewsfoto/Centric Software', 'Frankies designs', 'youngest designer', 'Bella Hadid', 'Hailey Bieber', 'Kendall Jenner', 'big changes', 'third-party contractors', 'archaic ways', 'team members', 'SKU creation', 'perfect bikini', 'swimsuit designs', 'two collections', 'Los Angeles', 'high-end fabrics', 'cheeky bottoms', 'Free People', 'largest selection', 'Silicon Valley', 'personal care', 'creative tools', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'Red Herring', 'registered trademark', 'respective owners', 'original content', 'great design', 'CENTRIC PLM™', 'Centric PLM ™', 'success story', 'Francesca Aiello', 'full story', 'development group', 'PLM solutions', 'swimwear company', 'Kalin Mowry', 'house team', 'fastest time', 'CAMPBELL', 'Calif.', 'May', 'PRNewswire', 'release', 'customer', 'INTO', 'EFFICIENCY', 'Venice', 'California', 'friends', 'supermodels', 'celebrities', 'Gigi', 'Kylie', 'JLo', 'Director', 'Production', 'need', 'spreadsheets', 'email', 'case', 'tracking', 'communication', 'department', 'tasks', 'concepting', 'pricing', 'wholesale', 'details', 'Demo', 'frankiesbikinis', 'founder', 'mission', 'momentum', 'Instagram', 'Malibu', 'everybody', 'inception', 'clothing', 'beauty', 'Revolve', 'Intermix', 'Kith', 'Browns', 'centricsoftware', 'headquarters', 'footwear', 'luxury', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'sourcing', 'quality', 'CVIP', 'collaboration', 'decision-making', 'mobility', 'connectivity', 'dozens', 'DAM', 'PIM', 'Adobe', '® Illustrator', 'host', 'market', 'costs', 'DSY', 'recognition', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', 'trademarks', 'multimedia', 'frankies-bikinis']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,http://spaceref.com/news/viewpr.html?pid=60116,Eutelsat’s EUTELSAT 172B selected by Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation to deliver state-of-the-art connectivity to Tuvalu,Eutelsat’s EUTELSAT 172B selected by Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation to deliver state-of-the-art connectivity to Tuvalu - SpaceRef,Eutelsat’s EUTELSAT 172B selected by Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation to deliver state-of-the-art connectivity to TuvaluPress Release From: EUTELSATPosted: Tuesday  May 10  2022Paris  10 May 2022 – Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) and The Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation (TTC) have signed a contract for capacity on EUTELSAT 172B satellite to support the extension of corporate networks for government offices and key enterprises of the Tuvalu Islands.Under the terms of this multi-year agreement  Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation will be leveraging the unparalleled coverage of EUTELSAT 172B to fulfil its commitment to curb the digital divide in isolated areas. This agreement showcases yet again the full-fledge flagship role of satellite in providing a complete connectivity solution to end users.Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation (TTC)  the sole provider of telecommunications in Tuvalu  is a state-owned enterprise  which provides telecommunications and ICT services to subscribers on each of the islands and atolls of Tuvalu.Commenting on the agreement  Christophe Cazes  Eutelsat’s Regional Vice President for the Asia-Pacific region  said: “With this agreement  TTC will leverage the EUTELSAT 172B satellite to unlock corporate networks for government agencies and businesses on the islands. It exemplifies yet again how satellites today are an essential technology in ensuring governments  businesses and other institutions can meet their connectivity goals.”Mrs. Tenanoia Simona  CEO of TTC  concluded: “Satellites are extremely well adapted to connect islands that are  by their very definition  cut-off and isolated from terrestrial networks. We are delighted to be able to work with Eutelsat to bring this much awaited connectivity service into our Islands  that will push the development of Tuvalu forward.”SubjectsElectronic business  communication Innovations  inventions Network products Telecommunication  mobile telephony Telecom Radio  TVAbout Eutelsat CommunicationsFounded in 1977  Eutelsat Communications is one of the world's leading satellite operators. With a global fleet of satellites and associated ground infrastructure  Eutelsat enables clients across Video  Data  Government  Fixed and Mobile Broadband markets to communicate effectively to their customers  irrespective of their location. Around 7 000 television channels operated by leading media groups are broadcast by Eutelsat to one billion viewers equipped for DTH reception or connected to terrestrial networks. Committed to promoting all facets of sustainable development across its business activities  Eutelsat leverages its in-orbit resources to help bridge the digital divide while maintaining a safe and uncluttered space environment. As an attractive and socially responsible employer  Eutelsat assembles 1 200 men and women from 50 countries who are dedicated to delivering the highest quality of service.Eutelsat Communications is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).For more about Eutelsat go to www.eutelsat.comMedia enquiriesMarie Sophie EcuerTel.: + 33 1 53 98 32 45mecuer@eutelsat.comDaphne Joseph-GabrielTel.: + 33 1 53 98 32 45djosephgabriel@eutelsat.comInvestorsCédric PugniTel.: +33 1 53 98 31 54cpugni@eutelsat.comAlexandre IllouzTel.: +33 1 53 98 46 81aillouz@eutelsat.com// end //More news releases and status reports or top stories.Please follow SpaceRef on Twitter and Like us on Facebook.Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.71,0.21,0.08,True,English,"['Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation', 'art connectivity', 'EUTELSAT 172B', 'state', 'mobile telephony Telecom Radio', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'The Tuvalu Telecommunications Corporation', 'Mobile Broadband markets', 'full-fledge flagship role', 'Regional Vice President', 'Mrs. Tenanoia Simona', 'Network products Telecommunication', 'one billion viewers', 'uncluttered space environment', 'Marie Sophie Ecuer', 'Cédric Pugni', 'More news releases', 'leading satellite operators', 'leading media groups', 'complete connectivity solution', 'EUTELSAT 172B satellite', 'Media enquiries', 'art connectivity', 'connectivity goals', 'Press Release', 'corporate networks', 'key enterprises', 'unparalleled coverage', 'digital divide', 'isolated areas', 'sole provider', 'state-owned enterprise', 'ICT services', 'Christophe Cazes', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'essential technology', 'other institutions', 'terrestrial networks', 'Electronic business', 'communication Innovations', 'global fleet', 'ground infrastructure', '7,000 television channels', 'DTH reception', 'business activities', 'orbit resources', 'responsible employer', 'highest quality', 'Daphne Joseph-Gabriel', 'Alexandre Illouz', 'status reports', 'top stories', 'connectivity service', 'government offices', 'government agencies', 'end users', 'sustainable development', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Tuvalu Islands', 'multi-year agreement', 'Tuesday', 'May', 'ETL', 'TTC', 'contract', 'capacity', 'extension', 'terms', 'commitment', 'subscribers', 'atolls', 'businesses', 'satellites', 'governments', 'CEO', 'definition', 'Subjects', 'inventions', 'TV', 'world', 'associated', 'clients', 'Video', 'Data', 'Fixed', 'customers', 'location', 'facets', 'safe', 'attractive', 'socially', '1,200 men', 'women', '50 countries', 'ticker', 'Tel.', 'mecuer', 'djosephgabriel', 'Investors', 'cpugni', 'aillouz', 'SpaceRef', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'JavaScript', 'comments', 'Disqus', '33', '53']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,spaceref.com
4587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220509006113/en/Airgas-to-Pilot-Hyzon-Motors-Zero-Emissions-Heavy-Duty-Hydrogen-Fuel-Cell-Trucks,Airgas to Pilot Hyzon Motors Zero-Emissions Heavy Duty Hydrogen Fuel Cell Trucks,RADNOR  Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Airgas  an Air Liquide company  has signed an agreement with Hyzon Motors  a global supplier of zero-emissions hydrogen fuel cell powered commercial vehicles  to pilot two heavy duty hydrogen fuel cell trucks  including one 100 k…,RADNOR  Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Airgas  an Air Liquide company  has signed an agreement with Hyzon Motors  a global supplier of zero-emissions hydrogen fuel cell powered commercial vehicles  to pilot two heavy duty hydrogen fuel cell trucks  including one 100 kW fuel cell truck and the first Hyzon 200 kW hydrogen fuel cell powered truck to be tested commercially.These two trucks will be the first heavy duty hydrogen fuel cell powered trucks within the Air Liquide Group globally and are slated to be tested in various cylinder delivery routes in the Los Angeles  California area.The Hyzon 100 kW fuel cell truck that Airgas will pilot will be on display at the Advanced Clean Transportation (ACT) Expo at the Long Beach Convention Center in Long Beach  California between May 9 and May 12  2022.Hyzon’s 200 kW hydrogen fuel cell powered truck  the most powerful fuel cell Hyzon has deployed  will begin testing at Airgas in the fall of 2022.Through Hyzon’s Repower program  these vehicles are upcycled from existing diesel trucks  with Hyzon’s proprietary fuel cell system  electric drivetrain  and lightweight hydrogen storage design. Hyzon vehicles offer similar payloads  performance  and refueling time to diesel - and water vapor is the only byproduct. By providing end-to-end solutions  Hyzon helps operators transition their fleets without having to modify daily operations.Brian Jones  Airgas Director  Risk Management & Corporate Responsibility  commented: “ We are proud to be one of the first to pilot heavy duty hydrogen fuel cell trucks as we look to continuously lower carbon emissions and increase our use of clean fuel alternative vehicles in our fleet on the Air Liquide path to carbon neutrality by 2050.”Cory Shumaker  Hyzon Motors USA Head of Business Development ‑ Americas  commented: “Hyzon is leading the transition to zero emissions by providing hydrogen-powered commercial vehicles with leading fuel cell technology. Hyzon vehicles are built to suit demanding applications  including ultra-heavy freight  construction  refuse collection  perishable deliveries  and public transit. It’s all done without challenging the already strained electricity grids – in the United States and around the world.”Airgas  Inc.Airgas®  an Air Liquide company  is a leading U.S. supplier of industrial  medical and specialty gases  as well as hardgoods and related products; one of the largest U.S. suppliers of safety products; and a leading U.S. supplier of ammonia products and process chemicals.Dedicated to improving the performance of its more than 1 million customers  Airgas safely and reliably provides products  services and expertise through its more than 18 000 associates  over 1 400 locations  robust e-Business platform  and Airgas Total Access® telesales channel.As an Air Liquide company  a world leader in gases  technology and services for Industry and Health  Airgas offers customers an unrivaled global footprint and industry-leading technology and innovations.For more information  please visit www.airgas.com.Hyzon MotorsHyzon is a global leader in fuel cell electric mobility  with US operations in the Rochester  Chicago and Detroit areas  and international operations in the Netherlands  China  Singapore  Australia  and Germany. Hyzon is an energy transition accelerator and technology innovator  providing end-to-end solutions primarily for the commercial mobility sector with a focus on the commercial vehicle market and hydrogen supply infrastructure. Utilizing its proven and proprietary hydrogen fuel cell technology  Hyzon aims to supply zero-emission heavy duty trucks and buses to customers in North America  Europe and around the world to mitigate emissions from diesel transportation  which is one of the single largest sources of carbon emissions globally. The Company is contributing to the escalating adoption of fuel cell electric vehicles through its demonstrated technology advantage  leading fuel cell performance and history of rapid innovation. Visit www.hyzonmotors.comA world leader in gases  technologies and services for Industry and Health  Air Liquide is present in 75 countries with approximately 66 400 employees and serves more than 3.8 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide’s scientific territory and have been at the core of the company’s activities since its creation in 1902.Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide’s strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group benefits from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition—particularly with hydrogen—and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies.Air Liquide’s revenue amounted to more than 23 billion euros in 2021. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG  EURO STOXX 50 and FTSE4Good indexes.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,True,English,"['Pilot Hyzon Motors Zero-Emissions Heavy Duty Hydrogen Fuel Cell Trucks', 'Airgas', 'first heavy duty hydrogen fuel cell powered trucks', 'first Hyzon 200 kW hydrogen fuel cell powered truck', 'two heavy duty hydrogen fuel cell trucks', 'The Hyzon 100 kW fuel cell truck', 'one 100 kW fuel cell truck', 'Advanced Clean Transportation (ACT) Expo', 'proprietary hydrogen fuel cell technology', 'Airgas Total Access® telesales channel', 'zero-emission heavy duty trucks', 'zero-emissions hydrogen fuel cell', 'proprietary fuel cell system', 'fuel cell electric mobility', 'leading fuel cell technology', 'lightweight hydrogen storage design', 'clean fuel alternative vehicles', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'various cylinder delivery routes', 'largest U.S. suppliers', 'leading U.S. supplier', 'Long Beach Convention Center', 'powerful fuel cell', 'Hyzon Motors USA Head', 'fuel cell performance', 'hydrogen supply infrastructure', 'existing diesel trucks', 'two trucks', 'single largest sources', 'commercial mobility sector', 'robust e-Business platform', 'essential small molecules', 'commercial vehicle market', 'hydrogen-powered commercial vehicles', 'unrivaled global footprint', 'Air Liquide path', 'Air Liquide company', 'Air Liquide Group', 'energy transition accelerator', 'The Company', 'global supplier', 'diesel transportation', 'electric drivetrain', 'The Group', 'Hyzon vehicles', 'industry-leading technology', 'technology innovator', 'technology advantage', 'global leader', 'Los Angeles', 'Repower program', 'similar payloads', 'refueling time', 'water vapor', 'daily operations', 'Brian Jones', 'Risk Management', 'Corporate Responsibility', 'carbon neutrality', 'Cory Shumaker', 'Business Development', 'demanding applications', 'ultra-heavy freight', 'refuse collection', 'perishable deliveries', 'public transit', 'electricity grids', 'United States', 'industrial, medical', 'process chemicals', 'US operations', 'international operations', 'North America', 'escalating adoption', 'rapid innovation', 'scientific territory', 'strategic plan', 'global performance', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'new markets', 'major assets', 'business model', 'carbon emissions', 'zero emissions', 'related products', 'safety products', 'ammonia products', 'California area', 'Airgas Director', '1 million customers', 'world leader', 'Detroit areas', '3.8 million customers', 'technological expertise', 'high technologies', 'specialty gases', 'end solutions', 'Airgas®', 'RADNOR', 'Pa.', 'agreement', 'display', 'May', 'fall', 'byproduct', 'operators', 'fleets', 'Americas', 'construction', 'hardgoods', 'services', '18,000 associates', '1,400 locations', 'Health', 'innovations', 'information', 'Rochester', 'Chicago', 'Netherlands', 'China', 'Singapore', 'Australia', 'Germany', 'focus', 'proven', 'buses', 'Europe', 'history', 'hyzonmotors', '75 countries', '66,400 employees', 'patients', 'Oxygen', 'nitrogen', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'activities', 'creation', 'action', 'future', 'heart', 'strategy', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'climate', 'progress', 'digital', 'revenue', '2025']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/scott-leader-named-managing-director-apac-for-eventus-301542322.html,Scott Leader named Managing Director  APAC for Eventus,Heads sales in Asia-Pacific region as demand continues to grow for firm's trade surveillance  market risk solutions NEW YORK and SYDNEY  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Eventus  a leading global provider of multi-asset class trade surveillance and market risk sol…,"Heads sales in Asia-Pacific region as demand continues to grow for firm's trade surveillance  market risk solutionsNEW YORK and SYDNEY  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Eventus  a leading global provider of multi-asset class trade surveillance and market risk solutions  announced today that Scott B. Leader has joined as Managing Director  APAC  heading the company's sales efforts in the Asia-Pacific region. Leader has nearly three decades of financial services  sales and management experience throughout APAC and Europe  hiring and building high-performing teams at large organizations  including financial exchanges and global business information services providers.Reporting to Eventus Global Head of Sales Scott Schroeder  Leader is based in Sydney  where he has spent most of his career. The U.S.-based company has been steadily growing its presence in APAC  with staff now on the ground in Hong Kong  Singapore  the Republic of Korea and Australia  along with an expanding client base throughout the region.Schroeder said: ""Scott has a great record of driving growth as well as building and managing successful sales teams at major capital markets organizations. Given the very different approach to financial market regulation throughout APAC  there is a compelling need for our services and expertise  and Scott will play a key role in fueling our expansion. We've already established a strong foundation in the region and want to continue to add to our teams in sales  account management and support to serve an ever-increasing client base.""Leader said: ""Eventus is a highly innovative  respected company that partners closely with clients to make markets safer and help meet their regulatory and compliance challenges. I'm looking forward to building on the talented team and delivering this complete solution to a diverse region with such a wide range of unique jurisdictions.""Leader previously served since 2020 as Executive Director  Large Enterprise for Workday  Inc. a provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. Prior to that role  he was Regional Vice President of cloud content management and sharing platform Box  Inc.  where he founded and ran the Sydney office that ultimately served the firm's Southeast Asian region in sales  consulting  customer success  marketing and business development.He has also held senior-level roles at the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX)  NYSE Euronext  Bloomberg LP  SunGard Financial Systems (now FIS)  Misys and Pegasystems.Last year  Eventus won four awards specifically for its work in the APAC region:Regulation Asia Awards for Excellence: Best Solution – Market Abuse & SurveillanceWatersTechnology Asia Award for Best Market Surveillance ToolRegTech Insight Award APAC for Best Trade Surveillance SolutionFOW Asia Capital Markets Award for Best New Product – Market SurveillanceAbout EventusEventus is a leading global provider of multi-asset class trade surveillance and market risk solutions. Its powerful  award-winning Validus platform is easy to deploy  customize and operate across equities  options  futures  foreign exchange (FX)  fixed income and digital asset markets. Validus is proven in the most complex  high-volume and real-time environments of tier-1 banks  broker-dealers  futures commission merchants (FCMs)  proprietary trading groups  market centers  buy-side institutions  energy and commodity trading firms  and regulators. The company's rapidly growing client base relies on Validus and Eventus' responsive support and product development teams to overcome its most pressing regulatory challenges. For more  visit www.eventus.com.SOURCE Eventus",neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,mixed,0.63,0.21,0.16,True,English,"['Scott Leader', 'Managing Director', 'APAC', 'Eventus', 'The U.S.-based company', 'FOW Asia Capital Markets Award', 'global business information services providers', 'major capital markets organizations', 'multi-asset class trade surveillance', 'powerful, award-winning Validus platform', 'Best Market Surveillance Tool', 'Best Trade Surveillance Solution', 'WatersTechnology Asia Award', 'RegTech Insight Award', 'digital asset markets', 'Regulation Asia Awards', 'expanding client base', 'increasing client base', 'Regional Vice President', 'proprietary trading groups', 'commodity trading firms', 'growing client base', 'leading global provider', 'Best New Product', 'innovative, respected company', 'enterprise cloud applications', 'Australian Securities Exchange', 'SunGard Financial Systems', 'cloud content management', 'Eventus Global Head', 'futures commission merchants', 'Southeast Asian region', 'financial market regulation', 'product development teams', 'pressing regulatory challenges', 'market risk solutions', 'successful sales teams', ""Eventus' responsive support"", 'Scott B. Leader', 'business development', 'Best Solution', 'financial services', 'large organizations', 'platform Box', 'complete solution', 'NEW YORK', 'financial exchanges', 'compliance challenges', 'Large Enterprise', 'four awards', 'foreign exchange', 'management experience', 'account management', 'high-performing teams', 'Market Abuse', 'market centers', 'Managing Director', 'three decades', 'Hong Kong', 'great record', 'different approach', 'compelling need', 'strong foundation', 'talented team', 'wide range', 'unique jurisdictions', 'Executive Director', 'human resources', 'customer success', 'senior-level roles', 'NYSE Euronext', 'Bloomberg LP', 'fixed income', 'complex, high-volume', 'real-time environments', 'tier-1 banks', 'buy-side institutions', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'diverse region', 'SOURCE Eventus', 'key role', 'sales efforts', 'Sydney office', 'Scott Schroeder', 'APAC region', 'demand', 'Europe', 'career', 'presence', 'staff', 'ground', 'Singapore', 'Republic', 'Korea', 'growth', 'expertise', 'expansion', 'clients', 'Workday', 'finance', 'sharing', 'Inc.', 'consulting', 'marketing', 'ASX', 'FIS', 'Misys', 'Pegasystems', 'Excellence', 'equities', 'options', 'FX', 'broker-dealers', 'FCMs', 'energy', 'regulators']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-partners-with-clarivate-to-distribute-darts-ip-in-the-us-301542660.html,Wolters Kluwer Partners with Clarivate to Distribute Darts-ip in the U.S.,The partnership will equip U.S. law firms with exceptional global IP case data to support IP prosecution and litigation information worldwide NEW YORK  May 9  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. today announced its strategic partnershi…,"""This partnership with Clarivate is our latest initiative to provide our customers with high-quality worldwide data and empower them to make quick and efficient decisions "" said David Bartolone  Vice President and General Manager at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. ""We are pleased to offer Darts-ip in the U.S. and provide a valuable solution for legal professionals to help them more accurately assess risk and better advise their clients.""Clarivate is a trusted global leader providing solutions to help customers solve some of the world's most complex problems while accelerating the pace of innovation. From identifying and protecting IP assets to building a litigation strategy  Darts-ip provides IP attorneys  paralegals  litigators  and counsels with strategic resources to support law firms' practice and approach. As one of the world's largest collections of global IP cases  Darts-ip enhances and delivers quality advice and outstanding client service with Clarivate technology and expertise through specialized search tools. Through robust IP protection  Darts-ip delivers actionable IP intelligence that help legal professionals make confident IP and legal decisions through depth of analysis to anticipate future developments.Gordon Samson  Chief Product Officer  Clarivate said  ""We are thrilled to work with Wolters Kluwer to accelerate innovation by bringing Darts-ip to U.S. law firms and providing them with global IP case data to alleviate blind spots in litigation risk outside of the U.S.""Through this collaboration  Wolters Kluwer customers will gain access to a comprehensive view of patents  trademarks  domains  designs  copyrights  and trademarks. To learn more  visit: https://clarivate.com/darts-ipClarivate is a global leader in providing solutions to accelerate the pace of innovation. Its mission is to help customers solve some of the world's most complex problems by providing actionable information and insights that reduce the time from new ideas to life-changing inventions in the areas of Academia & Government  Life Sciences & Healthcare  Professional Services and Consumer Goods  Manufacturing & Technology. Clarivate helps customers discover  protect  and commercialize their inventions using its trusted subscription and technology-based solutions coupled with deep domain expertise.About Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.7,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Partners', 'U.S.', 'Clarivate', 'Darts-ip', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'global IP case data', 'U.S. law firms', ""law firms' practice"", 'high-quality worldwide data', 'outstanding client service', 'Chief Product Officer', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'specialized search tools', 'robust IP protection', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'global IP cases', 'deep domain expertise', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'actionable IP intelligence', 'trusted global leader', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'regulatory sectors', 'trusted subscription', 'legal professionals', 'IP assets', 'IP attorneys', 'legal decisions', 'actionable information', 'specialized technology', 'latest initiative', 'efficient decisions', 'David Bartolone', 'Vice President', 'General Manager', 'valuable solution', 'complex problems', 'litigation strategy', 'strategic resources', 'largest collections', 'quality advice', 'future developments', 'Gordon Samson', 'blind spots', 'comprehensive view', 'new ideas', 'Life Sciences', 'Consumer Goods', 'critical decisions', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'professional information', 'technology-based solutions', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'life-changing inventions', 'litigation risk', 'Professional Services', 'Clarivate technology', 'partnership', 'customers', 'quick', 'Darts-ip', 'clients', 'pace', 'innovation', 'paralegals', 'litigators', 'counsels', 'approach', 'confident', 'depth', 'analysis', 'collaboration', 'access', 'patents', 'trademarks', 'domains', 'designs', 'copyrights', 'mission', 'insights', 'time', 'areas', 'Academia', 'Government', 'Healthcare', 'Manufacturing', 'WKL', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Email']",2022-05-09,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/frankies-bikinis-dives-into-efficiency-with-centric-plm-301542877.html,FRANKIES BIKINIS DIVES INTO EFFICIENCY WITH CENTRIC PLM™,A swimwear company gets all their product data into a central  digital hub CAMPBELL  Calif.  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Centric Software® is delighted to announce the release of a success story about its customer  Frankies Bikinis. Not only did we need a gr…,"Not only did we need a great design and development group  we needed a system to track and accelerate it.Kalin Mowry  Director of Production and Development brought big changes to the product development process. Recognizing the need to move away from spreadsheets and email  she also aimed to move the design and development from third-party contractors to in-house. Mowry built a case for PLM as well as an in-house team. ""Not only did we need a great design and development group  we needed a system to track and accelerate it. The spreadsheets and basically all of the archaic ways of tracking weren't really suitable for how quickly we were growing.""Now  they have all their product data in a central  digital hub and communication among team members is efficient. Every department is using Centric PLM to execute tasks from concepting  design  development and SKU creation to CAD  costing and setting pricing for both retail and wholesale.Find out more details in the success story!Read the full storyRequest a DemoFRANKIES BIKINIS  LLC. (www.frankiesbikinis.com)In 2012 founder Francesca Aiello began her mission to create the perfect bikini  gaining momentum when she began to showcase her swimsuit designs on Instagram. After creating two collections  Francesca became the youngest designer to ever debut at Miami Swim Week in 2014. Her designs are worn by supermodels and celebrities including Gigi and Bella Hadid  Hailey Bieber  and Kylie and Kendall Jenner.Frankies Bikinis is a global online destination for fashion-forward beachwear inspired by Malibu and made in Los Angeles. Known for high-end fabrics  fashion forward shapes  and cheeky bottoms  the bikinis look great on everybody. Since the company's inception  Francesca Aiello has evolved the brand into a beach lifestyle brand  expanding product offerings to include ready-to-wear clothing and beauty. Frankies Bikinis' designs can be found in better retail boutiques nationwide including Revolve  Intermix  Free People  Kith  and Browns. The largest selection of Frankies Bikinis can be found at frankiesbikinis.com.Centric Software (www.centricsoftware.com)From its headquarters in Silicon Valley  Centric Software® provides a Product Concept to Consumer Digital Transformation Platform for fashion  retail  footwear  luxury  outdoor  consumer electronics and consumer goods including cosmetics and personal care and food and beverage. Centric's flagship Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) platform  Centric PLM™  delivers enterprise-class merchandise planning  product development  sourcing  quality and product portfolio optimization innovations specifically for fast-moving consumer industries. Centric Visual Innovation Platform (CVIP) offers highly visual digital board experiences for collaboration and decision-making. Centric Retail Planning is an innovative  cloud-native solution powered by Armonica Retail S.R.L.  that delivers an end-to-end retail planning process designed to maximize retail business performance. Centric Software pioneered mobility  introducing the first mobile apps for PLM  and is widely known for connectivity to dozens of other enterprise systems including ERP  DAM  PIM  e-com  planning and more as well as creative tools such as Adobe® Illustrator and a host of 3D CAD connectors. Centric's innovations are 100% market-driven with the highest user adoption rate and fastest time to value in the industry. All Centric innovations shorten time to market  boost product innovation and reduce costs.Centric Software is majority-owned by Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: #13065  DSY.PA)  the world leader in 3D design software  3D digital mock-up and PLM solutions.Centric Software has received multiple industry awards and recognition  including being named by Red Herring to its Top 100 Global list in 2013  2015 and 2016. Centric also received various excellence awards from Frost & Sullivan in 2012  2016  2018 and 2021.Centric Software is a registered trademark of Centric Software Inc. All other brands and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.SOURCE Centric Software",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,mixed,0.76,0.07,0.17,True,English,"['FRANKIES BIKINIS', 'CENTRIC PLM™', 'INTO', 'EFFICIENCY', 'Armonica Retail S.R.L.', 'highest user adoption rate', 'visual digital board experiences', 'Consumer Digital Transformation Platform', 'product portfolio optimization innovations', 'Centric Visual Innovation Platform', 'central, digital hub', '3D digital mock-up', 'Miami Swim Week', 'global online destination', 'innovative, cloud-native solution', 'first mobile apps', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'Top 100 Global list', 'various excellence awards', 'moving consumer industries', 'retail business performance', 'enterprise-class merchandise planning', 'other enterprise systems', 'retail planning process', 'beach lifestyle brand', '3D CAD connectors', 'multiple industry awards', 'All Centric innovations', 'Centric Software Inc', 'SOURCE Centric Software', 'Centric Retail Planning', '3D design software', 'product development process', ""Frankies Bikinis' designs"", 'product innovation', 'PLM) platform', 'consumer electronics', 'consumer goods', 'retail boutiques', 'Centric Software®', 'other brands', 'product data', 'product offerings', 'Product Concept', 'product names', 'big changes', 'third-party contractors', 'archaic ways', 'team members', 'SKU creation', 'success story', 'full story', 'perfect bikini', 'swimsuit designs', 'two collections', 'youngest designer', 'Bella Hadid', 'Hailey Bieber', 'Kendall Jenner', 'fashion-forward beachwear', 'Los Angeles', 'high-end fabrics', 'cheeky bottoms', 'Free People', 'largest selection', 'Silicon Valley', 'personal care', 'creative tools', 'Adobe® Illustrator', 'Euronext Paris', 'world leader', 'Red Herring', 'registered trademark', 'respective owners', 'Centric PLM', 'great design', 'development group', 'Francesca Aiello', 'PLM solutions', 'Kalin Mowry', 'house team', 'fastest time', 'Director', 'Production', 'need', 'spreadsheets', 'email', 'case', 'tracking', 'communication', 'department', 'tasks', 'concepting', 'pricing', 'wholesale', 'details', 'Demo', 'frankiesbikinis', 'founder', 'mission', 'momentum', 'Instagram', 'supermodels', 'celebrities', 'Gigi', 'Kylie', 'Malibu', 'shapes', 'everybody', 'company', 'inception', 'clothing', 'beauty', 'Revolve', 'Intermix', 'Kith', 'Browns', 'centricsoftware', 'headquarters', 'footwear', 'luxury', 'cosmetics', 'food', 'beverage', 'sourcing', 'quality', 'CVIP', 'collaboration', 'decision-making', 'mobility', 'connectivity', 'dozens', 'DAM', 'PIM', 'host', 'market', 'costs', 'DSY', 'recognition', 'Frost', 'Sullivan', 'trademarks']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ucb-presents-efficacy-and-safety-results-for-zilucoplan-and-rozanolixizumab-in-generalized-myasthenia-gravis-301543626.html,UCB presents efficacy and safety results for zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab in generalized myasthenia gravis,Phase 3 RAISE and MycarinG studies in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) show zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab improve gMG-specific outcomes with consistent statistical significance and clinical relevance Regulatory submissions for zilucoplan and rozanolixizum…,"Phase 3 RAISE and MycarinG studies in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) show zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab improve gMG-specific outcomes with consistent statistical significance and clinical relevanceRegulatory submissions for zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab are planned for later this yearFindings from a real-world smartphone data collection study reaffirm UCB's commitment to delivering pioneering  tailored care solutions for individuals living with gMGBRUSSELS and ATLANTA  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  today announced results from two Phase 3 studies evaluating its investigational treatments  zilucoplan  a self-administered  subcutaneous (SC) peptide inhibitor of complement component 5 (C5 inhibitor) and rozanolixizumab  an SC-infused monoclonal antibody targeting the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) in adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG).These results will be presented as posters at the 14th Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America (MGFA) International Conference on Myasthenia and Related Disorders  taking place from May 10-12  2022.Phase 3 RAISE resultsData from the Phase 3 RAISE trial (NCT04115293) (poster 26)1 demonstrated treatment with zilucoplan (0.3 mg/kg daily) resulted in clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvements in key gMG-specific outcomes compared with placebo in patients with acetylcholine receptor autoantibody positive (AChR+) gMG.The study met its primary endpoint with zilucoplan showing a placebo-corrected mean improvement of 2.12 points in the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score at week 12 (p<0.001). Significant improvement in the MG-ADL was observed from Week 1.All key secondary endpoints were also met  including statistically significant improvements in the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score  Myasthenia Gravis Composite (MGC) and Myasthenia Gravis Quality of Life 15-Item revised (MG-QoL15r)  again with significant improvement observed from Week 1. The proportion of patients on zilucoplan who responded to treatment by at least a 3-point reduction on MG-ADL and at least a 5-point reduction in QMG were also significantly higher than placebo.A favorable safety profile and good tolerability was observed  consistent with prior data  showing a similar rate of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) between zilucoplan (76.7%) and placebo (70.5%). The most common TEAEs were injection site bruising  headache  diarrhea  and MG worsening.In the RAISE study  174 patients were randomised to placebo (N=88) and zilucoplan 0.3 mg/kg (N=86). Patient demographics and baseline disease characteristics were generally balanced between treatment arms.""The results from the RAISE study are an exciting development in the gMG treatment paradigm and reinforce the critical role that complement inhibition could play for physicians treating patients with this debilitating illness. By targeting the underlying mechanisms of gMG at the neuromuscular junction  complement inhibitors like zilucoplan have the potential to provide rapid  consistent disease control earlier in the disease course. These findings are an encouraging sign that we may be able to meet patients' needs effectively  with treatments that are minimally invasive and well tolerated "" said James F. Howard  MD  Distinguished Professor of Neuromuscular Disease  Professor of Neurology  Medicine and Allied Health  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of Medicine and lead investigator in the RAISE trial.Phase 3 MycarinG resultsResults from the Phase 3 MycarinG study (NCT03971422) (poster 25)2 demonstrated that rozanolixizumab significantly reduced MG-ADL from baseline to Day 43 at ~7 mg/kg and ~10 mg/kg doses compared with placebo in patients with AChR or muscle-specific tyrosine kinase (MuSK) autoantibody positive gMG. Rozanolixizumab demonstrated a placebo-corrected mean improvement of 2.586 points at the ~7 mg/kg dose and 2.619 points in the MG-ADL at the ~10 mg/kg dose compared with placebo (both doses at p<0.001).Rozanolixizumab treatment reduced mean maximum total IgG levels by more than 70% (71 % for 7 mg/kg and 78% for 10 mg/kg) and anti-AChR autoantibody levels decreased over the treatment period in line with the total IgG reduction. Rozanolixizumab was generally well tolerated  with the majority of TEAEs being mild to moderate in intensity. A higher proportion of TEAEs occurred in the active treatment arms versus placebo (81.3% for ~7 mg/kg  82.6% for ~10 mg/kg and 67.2% for placebo). The most frequently reported TEAE was headache  most of which were mild to moderate  with severe headaches managed with over-the-counter analgesic medications. The other most common TEAEs were diarrhea  pyrexia and nausea.Due to the fluctuating and unpredictable nature of gMG and the subjectivity of symptoms  patient reported outcomes (PROs) help provide greater insight into disease impact and more granular detail on the effect of treatments than traditional endpoints. Within the MycarinG study  the MG Symptoms PRO measure  which was developed by UCB with patients  was used to assess a series of quality-of-life measures  including muscle weakness fatigability  physical fatigue and bulbar muscle weakness  throughout the treatment and observation periods (poster 64)3. All three MG Symptoms PRO scales or subdomains showed significant improvement from baseline with rozanolixizumab ~7 mg/kg and ~10 mg/kg doses compared with placebo at Day 43  indicating treatment with rozanolixizumab improves patients' symptoms and their ability to undertake daily activities. Further evaluation of the MG Symptoms PRO measure is ongoing.In the MycarinG study  a total of 66 patients were randomized to rozanolixizumab 7 mg/kg  67 to rozanolixizumab 10 mg/kg and 67 to placebo. Baseline characteristics were generally balanced between treatment groups.""The one constant in gMG is unpredictability. People living with this disease experience symptoms that are nebulous  fluctuating  and which vary from one day to the next. For this reason  there is an urgent need for more effective  targeted  and convenient treatments that reduce the burden of disease on patients' daily lives. The results from the MycarinG study are extremely encouraging  and demonstrate the potential of rozanolixizumab as a new  effective and flexible treatment option to help ease the day-to-day burden of this challenging disease and improve treatment outcomes for patients "" said Professor Vera Bril  Professor of Medicine (Neurology)  University of Toronto  Director of the Neuromuscular Section  Division of Neurology  University of Toronto and University Health Network  Toronto  and lead investigator of the MycarinG study.""Every person living with gMG is unique  so a one-size-fits-all treatment approach will never be appropriate. This is why at UCB we are investigating two medicines with different MOAs. This unique approach means we may be able to offer physicians and patients a range of treatment options to meet the individual needs of many different patients  and therefore leave no one behind in our ambition to improve outcomes in gMG "" said Iris Loew-Friedrich  Executive Vice-President and Chief Medical Officer at UCB.UCB anticipates filing regulatory submissions for both zilucoplan and rozanolixizumab later this year.Digital innovation for patients living with myasthenia gravisFindings from a three-month observational study carried out by UCB in collaboration with digital health company Sharecare  to collect real-world data from gMG patients using smartphones  were also presented at the conference (poster 84)4. Beyond demonstrating that decentralized  smartphone-based methods to collect real-world data from gMG patients are feasible and may provide enhanced visibility into the burden of the disease  the study also identified unique clusters of exacerbation subtypes with specific symptom representation. This requires further validation but suggests that digital phenotyping holds promise for furthering understanding of exacerbations. This analysis forms part of UCB's holistic approach to delivering differentiated patient experiences  combining patient insights  pioneering research and artificial intelligence to deliver tailored support for individuals living with gMG.""Our gMG pipeline is supported by a holistic and integrated platform of support services and digital innovation that aims to deliver broad access to seamless and flexible services across the gMG care continuum "" continued Charl van Zyl  Executive Vice President Neurology & Head of Europe/International Markets at UCB. ""Our ultimate goal is to transform the lives of people living with this challenging disease by putting patients at the center of our world and advancing scientific solutions that meet their complex and varying needs.""For further information  contact UCB:Brand Communications  Rare DiseasesJim BaxterT+32.2.473.78.85.01[email protected]Media Relations  U.S. Rare DiseasesNatalie Jones LaceyT+ 404.229.3737[email protected]Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14[email protected]About Generalized Myasthenia Gravis (gMG)Myasthenia gravis is a rare disease impacting almost 200 000 patients in the U.S.  EU and Japan.5 6 People living with gMG can experience a variety of symptoms  including drooping eyelids  double vision and difficulty swallowing  chewing and talking  as well as severe muscular weakness that can result in life threatening weakness of the muscles of respiration.7gMG is a chronic and unpredictable auto-immune disease in which pathogenic autoantibodies can inhibit synaptic transmission at the neuro-muscular junction by targeting specific proteins on the post-synaptic membrane. This disrupts the ability of the nerves to stimulate the muscle and results in a weaker contraction8. gMG can occur at any age and in any race  although previous studies have shown that women are more often impacted than men.8 Most patients with gMG have pathogenic IgG antibodies that disrupt the transmission of nerve impulses to muscles in the NMJ and some activate the complement cascade. Complement-mediated destruction via MAC formation is a key mechanism causing damage at the NMJ and is the key driver of disease in AChR Ab+ gMG.About the zilucoplan RAISE study9The RAISE study (NCT04115293) is a multi-center  Phase 3  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study to confirm the efficacy  safety  and tolerability of zilucoplan in patients with gMG. Patients will be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive daily subcutaneous (SC) doses of zilucoplan or placebo for 12 weeks.The primary endpoint for RAISE study is change from baseline to Week 12 in the Myasthenia Gravis-Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) score. Secondary endpoints include change in the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) score  the Myasthenia Gravis Composite (MGC) and the Myasthenia Gravis Quality of Life 15 revised (MG-QoL15r) from baseline to Week 12  the proportion requiring rescue therapy  the proportion with minimum symptom expression (MSE) (defined as MG-ADL of 0 or 1)  the proportion with a ≥3-point reduction in MG-ADL and the proportion with a ≥5-point reduction in QMG  all measured at Week 12. The majority of patients taking part in the RAISE trial opted to enroll in any future extensions to this clinical trial. As a result  UCB is exploring the potential for further extension studies into this treatment.For more information about the trial visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT04115293.About the rozanolixizumab MycarinG study10The MycarinG study (NCT03971422) is a multi-center  Phase 3  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study evaluating the efficacy and safety of rozanolixizumab in adult patients with gMG  with an open-label extension.The primary endpoint for the MycarinG study is change in the Myasthenia Gravis-Activities of Daily Living Profile (MG-ADL) score  an eight-item patient-reported scale developed to assess MG symptoms and their effects on daily activities. Additional endpoints include response rates  changes in the Myasthenia Gravis composite (MGC) score  the Quantitative MG (QMG) score  patient-reported outcomes and adverse events (AEs). The majority of patients taking part in the MycarinG study opted to enroll in any future extensions to this clinical trial. As a result  UCB is exploring the potential for further extension studies into this treatment.For more information about the trial  visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03971422.About ZilucoplanZilucoplan is a once-daily self-administered SC peptide inhibitor of complement component 5 (C5 inhibitor) under clinical development by UCB in gMG. Results from the RAISE study  a multi-center  Phase 3  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled study demonstrate the efficacy  safety  and tolerability of zilucoplan in patients with gMG  and regulatory submissions are planned in 2022.The safety and efficacy of zilucoplan have not been established and it is not currently approved for use in any indication by any regulatory authority worldwide.About RozanolixizumabRozanolixizumab is a SC administered  humanized monoclonal antibody that specifically binds  with high affinity  to human neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn). It has been designed to block the interaction of FcRn and Immunoglobulin G (IgG)  accelerating the catabolism of antibodies and reducing the concentration of pathogenic IgG autoantibodies.11 12Rozanolixizumab is under clinical development with the aim of improving the lives of people with pathogenic IgG-autoantibody-driven autoimmune diseases.The safety and efficacy of rozanolixizumab have not been established and it is not approved for use in any indication by any regulatory authority worldwide.About UCB in Rare DiseasesAt UCB  we don't just see patients or population sizes  we see people in need. Through decades of serving the neurology and immunology communities  we have improved lives with impactful medicines and by enhancing the social and emotional well-being of patients. As a continuation of our heritage  we are now expanding our efforts to tackle rare neurological and immunological diseases where current options offer little hope.About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With more than 7 600 people in approximately 40 countries  UCB generated revenue of €5.3 billion in 2020. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB). Follow us on Twitter: @UCB_newsForward looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB' efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and it does not reflect any potential impact from the evolving COVID-19 pandemic  unless indicated otherwise. UCB is following the worldwide developments diligently to assess the financial significance of this pandemic to UCB. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.1 Outcomes from RAISE: A randomized  placebo-controlled  double-blind  Phase 3 trial of zilucoplan in generalized myasthenia gravis. Howard JF et al. Data presented at MGFA International Conference 2022. Poster 26.2 Efficacy and safety of rozanolixizumab in patients with generalized myasthenia gravis: A randomized  multicenter  double-blind  placebo-controlled  Phase 3 study (MycarinG). Bril V et al. Data presented at MGFA International Conference 2022. Poster 253 Patient-reported and quality-of-life outcomes from MycarinG  a randomized  placebo-controlled  double-blind  Phase 3 trial of rozanolixizumab in generalized myasthenia gravis. Habib A et al. Data presented at MGFA International Conference 2022. Poster 644 A decentralized  prospective  observational study to collect real-world data from patients with myasthenia gravis using smartphones. Steyaert S et al. Data presented at MGFA International Conference 2022. Poster 84.5 Chen J  et al. Incidence  mortality  and economic burden of myasthenia gravis in China: A nationwide population-based study. Lancet Reg Health West Pac.2020;5:10063.6 Gilhus N. Myasthenia Gravis. N Engl J Med. 2016;375:2570-2581.7 Hansen JS  et al. Mortality in myasthenia gravis: A nationwide population-based follow-up study in Denmark. Muscle Nerve. 2016;53:73-77.8 Myasthenia Gravis Foundation of America. Clinical Overview of MG. https://myasthenia.org/Professionals/Clinical-Overview-of-MG. Accessed May 2022.9 Clinical Trials.gov 'Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Zilucoplan in Subjects With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis (RAISE)': https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT04115293. Accessed May 2022.10 Clinical Trials.gov 'A Study to Test Efficacy and Safety of Rozanolixizumab in Adult Patients With Generalized Myasthenia Gravis': https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/showithNCT03971422. Accessed May 2022.11 Kiessling P  et al. The FcRn inhibitor rozanolixizumab reduces human serum IgG concentration: A randomized phase 1 study. Sci Transl Med. 2017;9(414).12 Smith B  et al. Generation and characterization of a high affinity anti-human FcRn antibody  rozanolixizumab  and the effects of different molecular formats on the reduction of plasma IgG concentration. MAbs.2018;10:1111-30.SOURCE UCB  Inc.",neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.29,0.13,0.59,True,English,"['generalized myasthenia gravis', 'safety results', 'UCB', 'efficacy', 'zilucoplan', 'rozanolixizumab', 'administered, subcutaneous (SC) peptide inhibitor', 'real-world smartphone data collection study', 'pioneering, tailored care solutions', 'acetylcholine receptor autoantibody positive', 'maximum total IgG levels', 'rapid, consistent disease control', '14th Myasthenia Gravis Foundation', 'MuSK) autoantibody positive gMG', 'MG Symptoms PRO measure', 'anti-AChR autoantibody levels', 'consistent statistical significance', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'total IgG reduction', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'Myasthenia Gravis Composite', 'Myasthenia Gravis Quality', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'SC-infused monoclonal antibody', 'MGFA) International Conference', 'favorable safety profile', 'treatment-emergent adverse events', 'injection site bruising', 'James F. Howard', 'Chapel Hill School', 'muscle-specific tyrosine kinase', 'counter analgesic medications', 'placebo-corrected mean improvement', 'key secondary endpoints', 'two Phase 3 studies', 'baseline disease characteristics', 'key gMG-specific outcomes', 'active treatment arms', 'Phase 3 MycarinG study', 'Phase 3 RAISE trial', 'gMG treatment paradigm', 'Phase 3 RAISE results', 'C5 inhibitor', 'MycarinG studies', 'prior data', 'RAISE study', 'disease course', 'Neuromuscular Disease', 'disease impact', 'Significant improvement', 'traditional endpoints', '3-point reduction', '5-point reduction', 'clinical relevance', 'Regulatory submissions', 'Related Disorders', 'primary endpoint', 'Daily Living', 'good tolerability', 'similar rate', 'exciting development', 'critical role', 'debilitating illness', 'underlying mechanisms', 'neuromuscular junction', 'encouraging sign', 'Allied Health', 'The University', 'North Carolina', 'lead investigator', '~7 mg/kg dose', '~10 mg/kg dose', 'treatment period', 'severe headaches', 'unpredictable nature', 'greater insight', 'granular detail', 'MG worsening', 'MycarinG results', 'Patient demographics', 'complement inhibitors', 'Distinguished Professor', 'higher proportion', 'common TEAEs', 'investigational treatments', ""patients' needs"", 'Rozanolixizumab treatment', 'QMG) score', 'doses', '174 patients', 'zilucoplan', 'year', 'Findings', 'UCB', 'commitment', 'individuals', 'BRUSSELS', 'ATLANTA', 'PRNewswire', 'component', 'FcRn', 'adults', 'posters', 'America', 'May', 'meaningful', 'AChR+', '2.12 points', 'MG-ADL', 'week', 'MGC', 'Life', 'Item', 'QoL15r', 'diarrhea', 'inhibition', 'physicians', 'potential', 'MD', 'Neurology', 'Medicine', 'NCT03971422', 'Day', '2.586 points', '2.619 points', 'majority', 'intensity', 'other', 'pyrexia', 'nausea', 'fluctuating', 'subjectivity', 'PROs', 'effect']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artprice-by-artmarketcom-the-metaverse-of-the-art-nft-market-with-35-years-of-unique-experience-in-virtual-worlds-301544121.html,Artprice by Artmarket.com: the Metaverse of the art-NFT market  with 35 years of unique experience in virtual worlds.,PARIS  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Based on available data for the first quarter of 2022  Artprice by Artmarket.com can confirm that the art-NFT phenomenon has become a durable part of the global art market on all continents  with an acceleration in sales an…,"PARIS  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Based on available data for the first quarter of 2022  Artprice by Artmarket.com can confirm that the art-NFT phenomenon has become a durable part of the global art market on all continents  with an acceleration in sales and transactions in the second quarter of this year  primarily in response to the implementation of a more favorable legislative framework in the United States.In an article published in Le Monde on May 11  2022: ""The Art Market  despite a disastrous economic situation (editor's note: all sectors combined)  is extremely resilient""  says Guillaume Cerutti  Chief Executive Officer of Christie's  who applauds the auction in New York on May 9  2022 where a portrait of Marilyn Monroe by Andy Warhol becomes the most expensive 20th century painting in the world  reaching 195 million dollars and bought by the famous art dealer Larry Gagosian.Artmarket.com confirms that the analysis of Q1 2022 shows solid growth and suggests an exceptional year 2022  despite the economic situation.All of the art market's market-makers – notably the bulk of the planet's art auction operators – now have specialized NFT departments preparing cataloged and online sales on a permanent basis. Similarly  all the major museums and art galleries are creating and offering their own NFTs.The digital art created in the 1980s is finally coming of age with over a billion art-NFT enthusiasts actively pursuing creations in this medium at prices that are now very accessible.Artprice has already identified over 54 000 artists who are directly producing NFTs for their buying public  and this is only the very start of a major paradigm shift.According to sociologists  art historians and analysts  we are in the midst of major evolution that will definitively modify the structure of the art market as it has developed since the 1950s. This change is clearly confirmed by Artprice's art market analysts  particularly its econometricians.In its various reports on the Art Market  Artmarket.com has always indicated that it is impossible to understand the exponential growth of the NFT market without understanding the technological background to their existence. This 'history' includes Blockchain  cryptocurrencies and their cultural origin in the Cypherpunk community (period of data encryption – type PGP – at the beginning of 1990s).However  all players in the art-NFT market – OpenSea  Rarible  LooksRare  Nifty Gateway  Superare etc. – agree that the NFT revolution will ultimately take place in the Metaverse. In other words  it is illusory to envisage growth and a sustainable future for NFTs without the development of the Metaverse.The Metaverse is a set of virtual worlds. The term is regularly used to describe the future version of the Internet where virtual  durable and shared spaces are accessible via 3D interaction.Similarly  the Metaverse can be conceived as a set of virtual worlds connected to the Internet  which are perceived in augmented reality.Experts from the financial  economic  scientific and academic spheres are unanimous in considering the Metaverse as the natural extension of the Internet (Web 3.0).Ninety-five percent of the multinationals in Fortune's Global 500 ranking have Metaverse projects under development.These Metaverse projects now represent an economic and scientific equation that will either raise their business turnovers in a spectacular manner  or become a financial abyss  depending on the R&D choices they make.While Meta (Facebook) and Microsoft have retained colossal budgets for writing and coding virtual worlds  certain groups  and in particular Artmarket.com  are taking a different route which should make it possible to radically reduce the development costs of their Metaverses and become operational relatively quickly.Artprice by Artmarket.com's principal and founding shareholder is Server Group  an Internet pioneer since 1987  but also one of the pioneers of CGI hardware and software as of 1985.Server Group has owned a multitude of subsidiaries over the past 35 years and has acquired deep knowledge in the field of immersive video games and cinematic and televisual post-production. Appearing in the mid-1980s  the technologies in these areas are considered by the scientific community as the very first Metaverses.Artmarket.com's Metaverse project is built in its world-famous headquarters located in the heart of the Organe Contemporary Art Museum which manages La Demeure du Chaos  or the ""Abode of Chaos"" (as baptised by the New York Times).This Metaverse is revolutionary because it minimizes production costs and times and is based on the knowledge acquired by the Server Group from video game multinationals and film and network producers over the past 35 years (Studio Lumiere999® Paris/NY).For the record  the Abode of Chaos was created in 1999 (more than 23 years ago) by thierry Ehrmann  an artist/sculptor since 1980 (certified biography Who's Who In France in 2022).An open-air Museum of Contemporary Art occupying nearly 9 000 square meters  the Abode of Chaos is a unique museum circuit designed from its origin as a large-scale 'escape game' with elements of augmented reality.Among the nearly 6 300 distinct artworks there are 4 500 sculptures in raw steel – some weighing several hundred tons – as well as paintings  street art  engravings  installations  digital artworks and land artworks. The museum is equipped with a very powerful electronic network (optical fiber over 9000 m2  wifi 802.11ax  idO connected works of art  etc.).The Abode of Chaos and the Contemporary Art Museum that hosts it receives 180 000 visitors a year  of whom 25% come from outside France.Over the past 23 years the Abode of Chaos has been the subject of nearly 3 600 written and audiovisual press reports in 72 countries. It has also been exquisitely reflected in a major tome  Opus IX  a 504-page bilingual reference work that can be consulted free of charge online in PDF format as well as on the Issuu website  where it has been downloaded 37 million times (figure officially confirmed by a French Huissier SCP Mamet-Pons).In the international press  the Abode of Chaos has been described as an ensemble of distinct Œuvres and as an unavoidable and unique ""Factory"" with a place in Art History as one of the most significant artistic projects of the early 21st century.The Server Group and the Organe Museum have invested several million euros in this successful project  financed exclusively from equity capital after a solid IPO project (see Artmarket.com's universal registration document filed with the AMF  chapter 3.2.23).thierry Ehrmann – CEO and Founder of Server Group and Artprice by Artmarket.com – followed the example of major video game creators and film directors/producers to build the group's Metaverse based on 25 years of world famous physical creations.For the construction of its Metaverse  over the past three years Server Group has formed a number of alliances  notably with one of the main European spatial geometry groups  creating a European dream-team for 3D Design  Engineering  3D Lab and Scanner Surveys.Whereas Meta (formerly Facebook) is starting to build its Metaverse from scratch  Artmarket and Server Group is starting from the fundamental reality of 6 300 original art creations in reference to the contemporary art world - on a 9 000 m² site.This history has given us a substantial head start  saving both time and money  because the approach is completely different when you have undeniable global recognition for nearly 25 years.The technical specifications included the use/production of Faro Lidar 3D Scanner  Navis VLX  drones  Polygonal Ground Photogrammetry in a single reference and development system  and Augmented Intelligence processing to reveal the singular characteristics of the works and their architectural 'formativity'.Specialized spatial data engineers and surveyors scanned and digitized the 9000 m² of the Organe Contemporary Art Museum  including its multiple basements and elevations  and all of the 6 300 artworks. The result weighed 45 To and including the 27 years of post-production and digital production conducted by Server Group and its subsidiaries.The Group's Metaverse was therefore generated from a vast physical medium of which it is the both author and owner. This represents a huge asset in terms of intellectual property. Similarly  the explosion of avatars and the proliferation of virtual multitudes® are part of a narrative already written and scripted by thierry Ehrmann  and known throughout the world.While this ultra high-tech industrial process involving geometricians and spatial data experts required three years of field work (taking advantage of the COVID period)  this approach is very different from the interminable challenges facing Meta (Facebook) of building its Metaverse from lines of code.To understand the route taken by Server Group and Artprice by Artmarket.com  an analogy can be made with a well-known video game publisher whose Metaverse – based in medieval times – was constructed via an extremely detailed 3D scanning of several existing medieval European cities.The results of this work were excellent: with radically reduced production costs  top ranking in box office all over the world - its video game version substantially dwarfed its competitors positioned in the highly-prized 'medieval' segment.It is essential to specify that Artprice by Artmarket.com's Metaverse  whose head office is located in the heart of the Organe Contemporary Art Museum (which manages the Abode of Chaos) is practically complete. This work has required very substantial investments which have been entirely borne by Server Group and its subsidiaries and which have had no impact on Artmarket.com's balance sheets.Artprice by Artmarket.com's founding shareholder is Server Group  which is still by far the largest shareholder with 30.16% of the capital and 45.78% of the voting rights (Ehrmann family not included). Server Group took the industrial risk of investing in its Metaverse based on its confidence in Artmarket.com after 25 years as World Leader in Art Market Information.Under the regime of regulated agreements covered by Server Group at Artmarket.com  whose Metaverse project's profitability will be assured by low user costs because the costs associated with its R&D  and production are infinitely lower than those facing the multinationals who have started coding their Metaverses from scratch. Moreover  their projects are still to be concluded.Artmarket.com's upcoming NFT Marketplace will have an undeniable competitive advantage because the principal existing NFT platforms are facing time constraints  financial constraints  but also copyright constraints. As a result they do not really have successful Metaverses and may well be tempted to join Artmarket.com's metaverse. Artmarket.com which will aim to integrate them into its NFT Marketplace by providing them with its precious imprimatur.Indeed  OpenSea  the world's leading NFT platform  has itself declared that 80% of the primary issues of art NFTs are likely to affect the intellectual property rights of third parties. Faced with this observation  Opensea has announced it is considering solutions to counter this scourge and protect sellers and buyers. We firmly believe that the logical solution to this problem is the certification of the primary market by Artprice through its blockchain and its smart contracts.It is precisely in the primary issue of art NFTs that Artprice by Artmarket.com can achieve an extremely substantial turnover and profit.We are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket.com is the only company in the global art market that can veritably ensure the certification of primary NFT drops  bearing in mind all the underlying parameters and associated data.The ability to certify primary issues of art NFTs is based on Artmarket.com's position as the global leader in art market information and as the owner and creator of databases containing a quarter of a century of art market data. This databank commands global respect and authority and is backed up by the world's largest collection of notes  manuscripts and sales catalogs (going back to 1700) which guarantee the authenticity and historical credibility of its databases.Lastly  the study report from Dynata  the world's largest data platform for insights  activation and measurement  surveyed more than 62 million panelists and 4 billion insights (reactions from a consumer in the form of data) in 11 countries (United States  Canada  United Kingdom  France  Spain  Germany  Netherlands  Italy  China  Japan and Australia) and published its ""New Experience Economy"" report.The report highlights a very favorable conclusion for Artmarket.com and for its Metaverse  and for its shareholders: 51% of respondents indicated that their favorite virtual (i.e. online) destination is a visit to a museum  an art gallery or an art exhibition.With its Metaverse  which is the ultimate and unavoidable consequence of the NFT revolution  Artprice by Artmarket.com aims to be the most successful and highly competitive art NFT platform. Its Metaverse represents the assurance of an exponential and continuous growth of the art-NFT market. It will be accompanied by Artprice by Artmarket's Blockchain and its smart contracts  thereby allowing a fair remuneration for artists in tendum with copyright societies such as ADAGP to which Artprice has long been one of the main contributors.In addition  the long-standing registration of the artpricecoin.com DNS (.net .org...) and its trademarks demonstrates Artmarket.com's overall strategy  which naturally includes the creation of a specific cryptocurrency after regulatory approvals.The Artprice by Artmarket.com blockchain will mainly use Ethereum for its smart contracts but will remain open to payment in Bitcoin and other major cryptocurrencies.Copyright 1987-2022 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 770 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6300 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 5.4 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.7 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (4.3 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgContact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann  [email protected]SOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.13,0.12,0.75,True,English,"['Artmarket.com', 'art-NFT market', 'unique experience', 'virtual worlds', 'Artprice', 'Metaverse', '35 years', 'expensive 20th century painting', 'La Demeure du Chaos', 'Organe Contemporary Art Museum', 'favorable legislative framework', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'R&D choices', 'immersive video games', 'famous art dealer', 'specialized NFT departments', 'billion art-NFT enthusiasts', 'major paradigm shift', 'video game multinationals', 'Studio Lumiere999® Paris', 'disastrous economic situation', 'art auction operators', 'global art market', 'The Art Market', 'financial, economic, scientific', 'New York Times', 'art market analysts', 'open-air Museum', 'NFT market', 'art galleries', 'digital art', 'art historians', 'Global 500 ranking', 'financial abyss', 'art-NFT phenomenon', 'major museums', 'major evolution', 'NFT revolution', 'scientific equation', 'scientific community', 'available data', 'first quarter', 'Artmarket.com', 'durable part', 'second quarter', 'United States', 'Le Monde', 'Guillaume Cerutti', 'Marilyn Monroe', 'Andy Warhol', '195 million dollars', 'Larry Gagosian', 'permanent basis', 'various reports', 'technological background', 'cultural origin', 'Cypherpunk community', 'data encryption', 'Nifty Gateway', 'other words', 'sustainable future', 'virtual worlds', 'future version', 'virtual, durable', 'shared spaces', '3D interaction', 'augmented reality', 'academic spheres', 'natural extension', 'Ninety-five percent', 'business turnovers', 'spectacular manner', 'colossal budgets', 'different route', 'founding shareholder', 'Server Group', 'CGI hardware', 'past 35 years', 'televisual post-production', 'world-famous headquarters', 'production costs', 'network producers', 'thierry Ehrmann', '9,000 square meters', 'The Metaverse', 'solid growth', 'exponential growth', 'exceptional year', 'online sales', 'deep knowledge', 'first Metaverses', 'Metaverse projects', 'development costs', 'Internet pioneer', 'PRNewswire', 'Artprice', 'continents', 'acceleration', 'transactions', 'response', 'implementation', 'article', 'May', 'editor', 'note', 'sectors', 'Christie', 'portrait', 'analysis', 'Q1 2022', 'market-makers', 'bulk', 'planet', 'cataloged', 'NFTs', '1980s', 'age', 'creations', 'medium', 'prices', '54,000 artists', 'public', 'start', 'sociologists', 'midst', 'structure', '1950s', 'change', 'econometricians', 'existence', 'history', 'Blockchain', 'cryptocurrencies', 'period', 'type', 'PGP', 'beginning', '1990s', 'players', 'OpenSea', 'Rarible', 'LooksRare', 'Superare', 'place', 'set', 'term', 'Experts', 'Web', 'Fortune', 'Facebook', 'Microsoft', 'writing', 'groups', 'principal', 'pioneers', 'software', 'multitude', 'subsidiaries', 'field', 'cinematic', 'technologies', 'areas', 'heart', 'Abode', 'film', 'NY', 'record', 'artist/sculptor', 'biography', 'France']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4593,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/05/10/2440115/0/en/FL-Entertainment-to-become-a-public-company-listed-on-Euronext-Amsterdam-by-combining-with-Pegasus-Entrepreneurs.html,FL Entertainment to become a public company listed on Euronext Amsterdam by combining with Pegasus Entrepreneurs,3 hours ago,"THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  JAPAN  AUSTRALIA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTIONFL Entertainment Group is a global leader in independent content production and the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe through its Banijay Group 1 and Betclic Everest Group 2 businessesand Betclic Everest Group businesses 2021 revenue of approximately €3.5 billion and Adjusted EBITDA 3 of approximately €609 millionof approximately €609 million FL Entertainment Group has a compelling opportunity as a public company  through both expected growth and the extensive consolidation opportunities for its two businessesTransaction gives implied pro forma equity value of €4.1 billion and pro forma enterprise value of €7.2 billion 4 – the largest business combination by a European-listed SPAC– the largest business combination by a European-listed SPAC Over €620 million of cash commitments to FL Entertainment already secured: (i) approximately €220 million PIPE investments  (ii) €250 million invested by controlling shareholder Financière Lov  (iii) €50 million invested by Financière Agache and Tikehau Capital as part of their forward purchase agreement ('' FPA '') and (iv) more than €100 million from Pegasus Entrepreneurs secured through signed non-redemption commitments'') and (iv) more than €100 million from Pegasus Entrepreneurs secured through signed non-redemption commitments Recognizing the strong demand from investors thus far  the parties will continue to market the PIPE participation to a broader scope of investors with a target size of €250 millionEquity roll-over of minority shareholders in the Banijay Group (Vivendi  Fimalac and De Agostini) and the Betclic Everest Group (SBM International5) to become shareholders in FL EntertainmentPARIS and AMSTERDAM  May 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FL Entertainment N.V.6 (“FL Entertainment” or the “Company”) and Pegasus Entrepreneurial Acquisition Company Europe B.V. (“Pegasus Entrepreneurs”)  a special purpose acquisition company (''SPAC'') focused on European growth companies  today announced that they have entered into a definitive business combination agreement that will result in the listing of FL Entertainment on Euronext Amsterdam. Upon closing of the transaction  the combined company will be named FL Entertainment and will be led by Stéphane Courbit as Chairman and François Riahi as CEO.Stéphane Courbit  Chairman of the board of FL Entertainment (the ''FLE Board'') and founder of Banijay said:“Achieving a public listing of FL Entertainment through this partnership with Pegasus Entrepreneurs is a milestone in the history of our group. As a result of the transaction  the group will benefit from a robust balance sheet and will be very well positioned to capture growth in the entertainment industry. FL Entertainment is all about partnership  and I am pleased to welcome Pegasus Entrepreneurs and its sponsors as shareholders to our strengthened partnership with Vivendi  SBM International  Fimalac and De Agostini  our existing shareholders in Banijay Group and Betclic Everest Group who have given us their full support to make FL Entertainment even more powerful. One of the key strengths of FL Entertainment is its management team: François Riahi as CEO of FL Entertainment  Marco Bassetti as CEO of the Banijay Group and Nicolas Béraud as CEO of the Betclic Everest Group. Both Marco and Nicolas have developed their businesses with tremendous success so far and will continue to do so in the new structure  supported by a talented team.”Pierre Cuilleret  sponsor and CEO of Pegasus Entrepreneurs  and future member of the FLE Board said:“Pegasus Entrepreneurs was created by long-term investors with the objective of partnering with an entrepreneur-led European company with a track-record of achieving profitable growth  and the potential to accelerate growth and create value with access to our expertise  network and listing platform. We could not dream of a better opportunity than partnering with FL Entertainment and Stéphane Courbit to achieve our objective on behalf of our shareholders. The proposed business combination with FL Entertainment benefits from strong support from our shareholders and investors  as evidenced by unprecedented level of non-redemption commitments already received  as well as the largest ever PIPE raising by a European-listed SPAC. We look forward to the next stage of FL Entertainment’s growth and value creation.”Investment highlightsFL Entertainment together with its subsidiaries is a global and entrepreneur-led entertainment group (the ''FL Entertainment Group'') combining two complementary and successful businesses in digital entertainment market segments with high growth potential: Banijay Group and Betclic Everest Group.The Banijay Group is the world’s largest independent content production company7  operating over 120 production companies across 22 countries. It produces both scripted and non-scripted content across all genres  including reality shows  entertainment and talk shows  game shows  factual entertainment  documentary  drama  animation and comedy. The Banijay Group has a multi-genre catalogue of over 120 000 hours of original standout programming  the world’s largest content catalogue in the independent production sector8. It has produced successful long-running programmes such as Survivor  Versailles  Peaky Blinders  Germinal and MasterChef. The global content production industry was valued at approximately €200 billion in 2021and is structurally growing. The Banijay Group is ideally positioned for future growth leveraging and has a proven and scalable business model  the world's largest content catalogue and strong franchises.The Betclic Everest Group operates in the online sports betting and gaming segment and believes it is the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe.9 The Betclic Everest Group generates revenues from its operations in ten countries. Its five main geographies are France  Portugal  Poland  Germany and Italy  which together represent 91% of its revenue in the year ended 31 December 2021. The Betclic Everest Group primarily operates in regulated markets and these solid and mature regulatory environments are expected to support the growth of the global online gambling market. The Betclic Everest Group has a proprietary technology platform that offers award-winning user experience and products. Online sports betting and gaming is expected to reach approximately €115 billion in the next five years (+11% CAGR 2020-27E)10.FL Entertainment is controlled by Financière Lov and led by Stéphane Courbit  an entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  and François Riahi. Financière Lov invested in Betclic in 2007  founded the Banijay Group in 2008 and has developed the two businesses to form an entertainment group and has an outstanding track-record of growing businesses and creating value for shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2021  the combined revenue of Banijay and Betclic amounts to approximately €3.5 billion  Adjusted EBITDA of approximately €609 million  and Adjusted Free Cash Flow11 of approximately €498 million  representing an Adjusted Cash Conversion12 of approximately 82%.FL Entertainment will benefit from experienced governance and leadership. The FLE Board will be composed of a majority of members independent of Financière Lov  including two members appointed by Pegasus Entrepreneurs  including Pierre Cuilleret  CEO of Pegasus Entrepreneurs  as well as two members appointed by Vivendi  and one by SBM International. François Riahi  CEO of Financière Lov  will also be the CEO of FL Entertainment. Sophie Kurinckx  currently CFO of Banijay  will move to the position of CFO of FL Entertainment. Marco Bassetti  CEO of Banijay and Nicolas Beraud  CEO of Betclic  will keep their full role and responsibilities in their respective company  form part of the Senior Management team of FL Entertainment and will be invited to attend all FLE Board meetings as permanent guests.Guidance and outlookIn the year ended 31 December 2022  FL Entertainment expects revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of respectively approximately €3.8 billion and approximately €645 million13  Adjusted Cash Conversion of approximately 80% and Leverage14 between 3.0x and 3.5x.For the medium term  the Company targets annual organic revenue growth in the mid-single digits for the Banijay Group and in the low teens for the Betclic Everest Group. The Company targets a stable Adjusted EBITDA margin15 for both businesses. The Company targets Adjusted Cash Conversion of approximately 80% and will aim to distribute at least one third of Adjusted Net Income  with a leverage policy below 3.0x.Transaction overviewThe contemplated transaction consists of (i) the business combination of FL Entertainment and Pegasus Entrepreneurs resulting in a public listing of FL Entertainment on Euronext Amsterdam  (ii) the equity roll-over of the minority shareholders in the Banijay Group (Vivendi  Fimalac and De Agostini) and the Betclic Everest Group (SBM International) to become shareholders of FL Entertainment  and (iii) raising of targeted circa €760 million of proceeds.The transaction implies a pro forma equity value for FL Entertainment of €4.1 billion and a pro forma enterprise value of €7.2 billion. As a result of the transaction  Financière Lov (controlled by the Courbit family) is expected to hold 46% of the share capital of the Company and 72% of its voting rights through a multiple voting rights mechanism. Vivendi16  Fimalac16  SBM and De Agostini are expected to hold approximately 19%  7%  10% and 5% of the effective economic interests of the Company respectively. The initial free float is expected to represent approximately 10% of the Company (approximately €400 million).Total PIPE investments of €219 million have already been committed. These investments come from high-quality long-term investors  including among others Exor  Vivendi  Fimalac  AXA Investment Managers (acting on behalf of the AXA Companies) and Arjo (the investment vehicle of Didier Le Menestrel). In addition  Financière Lov will invest at least €250 million and Financière Agache and Tikehau Capital will invest €50 Million as part of their FPA committed at the time of Pegasus Entrepreneurs IPO. All commitments are at a price per share of €10.The parties will keep flexibility to extend the PIPE with a target of €250 million.Financière Lov  Financière Agache  Pegasus Acquisitions Partners Holding B.V. and Tikehau Capital have agreed to a 36-month lock-up  Vivendi to a 18-month lock-up  SBM International and Fimalac to a 12-month lock-up  and De Agostini to a 6-month lock-up  subject to certain customary exemptions.The proposed business combination  which has been unanimously approved by the FLE Board and the board of Pegasus Entrepreneurs  is expected to close on 30 June 2022 and subsequently list on 1 July 2022. The business combination is subject to approval by Pegasus Entrepreneurs’ shareholders and other regulatory and customary closing conditions which must be met by 31 August 2022 at the latest.An Extraordinary General Meeting of Pegasus Entrepreneurs shareholders (the ''EGM'') will be held to vote  amongst others  on approval of the proposed business combination and  as a technical matter  the merger  in accordance with the merger proposal. The date of the EGM will be confirmed in the coming days and Pegasus Entrepreneurs will issue a shareholder circular  which includes key information regarding the business combination.Pegasus Entrepreneurs’ shareholders representing €102 million or almost 50% of the SPAC cash escrow of €210 million have already signed non-redemption undertakings and agreed to vote in favour of the transaction. Taking into account the Founder shares  this means the merger will be approved by at least 58% of the votes at the EGM.AdvisorsD’Angelin & Co and Rothschild & Co are acting as financial advisors  Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier and Stibbe are acting as legal advisors and Villey Girard Grolleaud is acting as tax advisor to FL Entertainment.BNP Paribas is acting as exclusive financial advisor  and White & Case and NautaDutilh are acting as legal advisors to Pegasus Entrepreneurs.BNP Paribas  Citigroup  Crédit Agricole CIB  Natixis and Société Générale are PIPE placement agents and Linklaters is acting as their legal advisor.About FL EntertainmentFL Entertainment is a global entertainment leader led by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  and François Riahi. Through its businesses  Banijay Group and Betclic Everest Group  FL Entertainment is a leader in attractive and high growth market segments  as the largest independent content producer globally and the fastest-growing sports betting platform in Europe. For the year ended 31 December 2021  Banijay and Betclic Everest Group recorded combined revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of respectively €3.5 billion and €609 million.About Pegasus EntrepreneursPegasus Entrepreneurs is a SPAC focused on entrepreneurial European growth companies. Backed by serial entrepreneur Pierre Cuilleret  institutional sponsors Financière Agache and Tikehau Capital  and individual sponsors Diego De Giorgi and Jean Pierre Mustier  Pegasus Entrepreneurs successfully raised €210 million in gross offering proceeds and listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ticker code: PEACE and PEACW) on 10 December 2021. Pegasus Entrepreneurs targeted a business combination with an entrepreneur-led European-headquartered business that had a track record of achieving high growth and has a clear growth and value creation plan. On 10 May 2022 Pegasus Entrepreneurs and FL Entertainment N.V announced that they have entered into a definitive business combination agreement that will result in the listing of FL Entertainment on Euronext Amsterdam. Combining with FL Entertainment  it raised the biggest PIPE for a European-listed SPAC and secured an extraordinarily low level of redemptions.For further information please visit:www.fl-entertainment.com or www.pegasuseurope.com/investor-relations/peaceMedia ContactsFL EntertainmentImage 7: Anne-France Malrieu  Tel: +33 (0)1 53 70 74 70Primatice : Olivier Labesse : 06 79 11 49 71 – olivierlabesse@primatice.com   Hugues Schmitt : 06 71 99 74 58 – huguesschmitt@primatice.com Thomas de Climens : 06 78 12 97 95 – thomasdeclimens@primatice.comPegasus EntrepreneursFinElk: Robin Haddrill / Cornelia Schnepf: +44 7920 016 203/ +44 7387 108 998pegasus@finelk.euTikehau CapitalTikehau Capital: Valérie Sueur  Tel : +33 (0)1 40 06 39 30France - Image 7: Florence Coupry  Tel: +33 (0)1 53 70 74 70UK – Prosek Partners: Henrietta Dehn & Alex Bethell – Tel: +44 (0)20 8323 0474press@tikehaucapital.comShareholder and Investor Contact: Louis Igonet  Tel: +33 (0)1 40 06 11 11 shareholders@tikehaucapital.comwww.tikehaucapital.comFinancière AgachePrimatice : Olivier Labesse : 06 79 11 49 71 – olivierlabesse@primatice.com   Hugues Schmitt : 06 71 99 74 58 – huguesschmitt@primatice.com Thomas de Climens : 06 78 12 97 95 – thomasdeclimens@primatice.comDISCLAIMER:These materials may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. These materials do not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the ""Securities"") of Pegasus Entrepreneurs in the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). There will be no public offering of the Securities in the United States. The Securities have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. The Securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada or Japan  subject to certain exceptions.This publication constitutes neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy Securities. An investment decision regarding the Securities should only be made on the basis of the prospectus  which will be published promptly upon approval by the Dutch Authority of the Financial Markets (AFM) and will be available free of charge on the Pegasus Entrepreneurs website.This announcement does not constitute a prospectus. Pegasus Entrepreneurs has not authorised any offer to the public of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area. With respect to any Member State of the European Economic Area (each a ""Relevant Member State"")  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of Securities requiring publication of a prospectus in any Relevant Member State. As a result  the Securities may only be offered in Relevant Member States (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (ii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of this paragraph  the expression ""offer of securities to the public"" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable the investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities and the expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any relevant delegated regulations.In the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  qualified investors  within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 who are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  (ii) persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high-net-worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) or (iii) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.This release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""plans""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""will""  ""may""  ""continues""  ""should"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect  at the time made  FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' beliefs  intentions and current targets/aims concerning  among other things  FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' or their respective groups' results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding: objectives  goals  strategies  outlook and growth prospects; future plans  events or performance and potential for future growth; lease-up potentials; economic outlook and industry trends; developments of FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' or their respective groups' markets; the impact of regulatory initiatives; and the strength of FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs or any other member of their respective groups' competitors. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' records (and those of other members of its group) and other data available from third parties. Although FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' control.Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause the actual outcomes and the results of operations  financial condition and liquidity of FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs and other members of their respective groups or the industry to differ materially from those results expressed or implied in the Information by such forward-looking statements. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realized. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statements are based. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved. Undue influence should not be given to  and no reliance should be placed on  any forward-looking statement.Adjusted EBITDA Forecast for the year ending 31 December 2022The forecasted Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 and other 2022 guidance and medium term outlook in this press release (""Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts"") is provided subject to the assumptions described below and assuming anticipated market conditions and anticipated macro-economic conditions. The Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts have been prepared on a basis which is: (i) comparable with the historical financial information of the FL Entertainment Group included in the FL Entertainment Group's combined financial statements; and (ii) consistent with the accounting policies applied by the FL Entertainment Group for the preparation of the combined financial statements. The Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 are influenced by the factors listed below and are based on current assumptions  expectations and plans made by the FL Entertainment Group's management related to these factors. These assumptions relate to factors that can  even if only to a limited extent  or cannot be influenced by the FL Entertainment Group. Even if the FL Entertainment Group believes that these assumptions have been made to the best of the FL Entertainment Group's management's knowledge as of the date of this press release  they may prove erroneous or unfounded. As the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 relate to a period not yet completed and have been prepared on the basis of assumptions about future uncertain events and actions  it naturally entails substantial uncertainties. Because of these uncertainties  it is possible that the actual Adjusted EBITDA of the Banijay Group  the Betclic Everest Group and/or the FL Entertainment Group for 2022 may differ materially from the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts.For the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that:Factors outside the Group's influenceThe Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 are generally subject to factors that are beyond the control of the FL Entertainment Group and its subsidiaries or any individual. These factors and the related assumptions of the FL Entertainment Group are outlined below:Factor: unforeseen events such as force majeureFor the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that no material unforeseen events will occur that could result in material or lasting constraints on the ongoing operations of the FL Entertainment Group such a force majeure (e.g. fire  floods hurricanes  storms earthquakes or terrorist attacks)  strikes  a global pandemic or war.Factor: changes to the macro-economic  legislative or regulatory environmentFor the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that there will be no material changes to the macro-economic  legislative  taxation and regulatory environment of the FL Entertainment Group when compared to those in effect during the year ended 31 December 2021.Factor: growing demandFor the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that global content market will grow with approximately 25% in 2022 and global online gambling market with approximately 11% in 2022 compared to during the year ended 31 December 2021.Factor: no COVID-19For the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that there will be no COVID-19 that impact the FL Entertainment Group's business during the year ending 31 December 2022.Factors that can be partly or wholly influenced by the FL Entertainment GroupIn addition  further factors may also influence the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 over which the FL Entertainment Group has control. The relevant assumptions are outlined below:Factor: timing and performance of acquisitions and disposalsThere are no material acquisitions of subsidiaries  joint ventures and/or associates by the FL Entertainment Group planned prior to 31 December 2022.In respect of the Banijay Group:Factor: the Banijay Group will pursue its strategyDevelopment of scripted business: The Banijay Group will develop new scripted business at the same level as historically in the year ending 31 December 2022.Renewal of the Banijay Group's shows: The Banijay Group's main shows  such as Big Brother  Survivor and Masterchef  will be renewed by its customers in the year ending 31 December 2022.Investment in new IP to feed the Banijay Group's catalog and productions: The Banijay Group will invest in new intellectual property at the same level as historically to feed and develop the Banijay Group's catalog and productions.Factor: new blockbuster in the Banijay Group’s catalogFor the purpose of the forecasts for 2022  the Banijay Group assumed there would be no new blockbusters in the Banijay Group’s catalog of shows in the year ending 31 December 2022.In respect of the Betclic Everest Group:Factor: Innovation in offers and user experiences to be able to attract new and retain current playersThe Betclic Everest Group will be able to attract new players by innovation in the offers made to players and improvement of its user experience  as well as to invest in customer relation management to retain players and improve their loyalty  and make the player database grow by 18% in the year ending 31 December 2022 compared to the year ended 31 December 2021  from 893 000 monthly average players in the year ended 31 December 2021 to 1 047 000 monthly average players in the year ended 31 December 2022.If one or more of these assumptions proves to be erroneous or unfounded  the actual Adjusted EBITDA of the Banijay Group  the Betclic Everest Group and/or the FL Entertainment Group could deviate materially from the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts.1 Banijay together with its subsidiaries.2 Betclic together with its subsidiaries  including Bet-at-home.3 Defined as operating profit for that period excluding restructuring costs and other non-recurring items  costs associated with the LTIP and employment related earn-out and option expenses  and depreciation and amortisation (excluding D&A fiction). D&A fiction are costs related to the amortisation of fiction production  which the Group considers to be operating costs.4 Including €2.3 billion pro forma net financial debt  €0.4 billion of non-controlling interests and €0.3 billion of other items.5 SBM International” refers to Monte-Carlo SBM International S.à.r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary established in Luxembourg of the listed company Société Anonyme des Bains de Mer et du Cercle des Étrangers à Monaco.6 FL Topco B.V. is to be converted into FL Entertainment N.V.7 Both in terms of revenues over the year ended 31 December 2021 and catalogue depth in the independent production sector.8 Which excludes major US studios dominating the licensing sector.9 In terms of Gross Gaming Revenue growth over the year ended 31 December 2020 to the year ended 31 December 2021  compared to its main competitors. Gross Gaming Revenue for a period is defined as the difference between bets and winnings paid to players for sports betting and casino products  and commissions on horse betting and entry fees for poker products for that period.10 Source: www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-gambling-market-size-expected-to-reach-127-billion-by-2027-301382303.html11 Defined as Adjusted EBITDA adjusted for purchase and disposal of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets and cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses.12 Defined as Adjusted Free Cash Flow divided by Adjusted EBITDA.13 Including approximately €5 million holding costs.14 Defined as the sum of bonds  bank borrowings  bank overdrafts and accrued interests on bonds and bank borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents  cash balances of online players  trusts  plus trade receivables on providers and the fair value of derivatives divided by Adjusted EBITDA.15 Defined as Adjusted EBITDA for a period as a percentage of revenue for that period.16 Excluding PIPE investment.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.18,0.22,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'public company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurial Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'pro forma enterprise value', 'digital entertainment market segments', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'pro forma equity value', 'definitive business combination agreement', 'Betclic Everest Group 2 businesses', 'Betclic Everest Group businesses', 'Nicolas Béraud', 'forward purchase agreement', 'entrepreneur-led European company', 'independent content production', 'extensive consolidation opportunities', 'largest business combination', 'Financière Lov', 'Financière Agache', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'François Riahi', 'robust balance sheet', 'million PIPE investments', 'entrepreneur-led entertainment group', 'European growth companies', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'two businesses Transaction', 'high growth potential', 'The Banijay Group', 'listing platform', 'public company', 'combined company', 'Equity roll-over', 'successful businesses', 'value creation', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'two complementary', 'entertainment industry', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'RELEASE PUBLICATION', 'UNITED STATES', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'cash commitments', 'Tikehau Capital', 'redemption commitments', 'strong demand', 'PIPE participation', 'broader scope', 'target size', 'De Agostini', 'SBM International', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'full support', 'key strengths', 'management team', 'tremendous success', 'new structure', 'talented team', 'Pierre Cuilleret', 'future member', 'strong support', 'unprecedented level', 'next stage', 'Investment highlights', 'European-listed SPAC', 'profitable growth', 'FLE Board', 'public listing', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'global leader', 'compelling opportunity', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Marco Bassetti', 'minority shareholders', 'existing shareholders', 'long-term investors', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'AUSTRALIA', 'VIOLATION', 'SUCH', '2021 revenue', 'EBITDA', 'expected', 'FPA', 'parties', 'Vivendi', 'Fimalac', 'PARIS', 'closing', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'founder', 'partnership', 'milestone', 'history', 'result', 'sponsors', 'objective', 'track-record', 'access', 'expertise', 'network', 'behalf', 'subsidiaries']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,globenewswire.com
4594,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510005130/en/TNS-Live-with-Managed-Layer-1-Access-in-Bergamo-IT3-Following-Euronext-Move,TNS Live with Managed Layer 1 Access in Bergamo IT3 Following Euronext Move,8 hours ago,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Transaction Network Services (TNS) has enabled existing and new customers to seamlessly move trading operations from Basildon  England to Bergamo  Italy and directly access the Euronext exchange matching engine  with operations now live in IT3. This includes customers that have taken space in the Bergamo colocation facility and those that have chosen to connect to Euronext from outside the colocation facility.Euronext is in the process of migrating its primary data center and re-locating its colocation services to the Aruba Global Data Center IT3 in Bergamo. Rehearsal testing took place last month and an exchange go-live is due in early June  with TNS securing significant infrastructure capacity in the new site. As with TNS’ other global colocation sites  TNS is leveraging its Layer 1 switching solution to deliver ultra-low latency mutualized market access while also deploying the lowest latency network connectivity  bringing Bergamo onto its global network and creating a Bergamo  Frankfurt  London triangle.“We are moving nearly 20 existing and new customers to Bergamo  providing traders with uninterrupted  seamless trading from day one of the switch over ” said Jeff Mezger  TNS’ Vice President of Product Management. “Our customers have been able to focus on their core business whilst we have dealt with global supply chain issues to ensure the smooth migration. With suppliers quoting lead times of a year for some equipment  our buying power  compared to smaller firms or those attempting a DIY move  has proved invaluable in ensuring a smooth transition to Bergamo.”TNS provides a full suite of low latency services  including order routing  market data access  and the procurement  installation and management of trading infrastructure. TNS offers differentiated services to help all traders  from small firms requiring a partial rack  to international banks requiring multiple contiguous cabinets. TNS delivers a lower total cost of ownership  with its customers benefitting from cost efficiencies and rack-optimized cabling and design.TNS’ Managed Hosting solution utilizes the company’s ultra-low latency Layer 1 technology inside IT3. This enables firms to access execution speeds that are up to 10-times faster than traditional layer 3 architectures. TNS Layer 1 was the first of its kind and remains one of the most advanced solutions in the market  eradicating the need for multiple switches by using a simple  single hop architecture to deliver connectivity in as little as 5 to 85 nanoseconds.Traders using TNS’ Managed Hosting solution also benefit from TNS’ global point-of-presence footprint and extensive existing on-net connections  which includes uninterrupted access to more than 60 exchanges with local  physical support around the globe.TNS brings together over 2 800 financial community endpoints  supported by a global  125-strong point-of-presence footprint. Specifically designed and engineered to address the needs of financial market participants worldwide  TNS offers a range of connectivity  colocation  cloud  market data and VPN solutions within its Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) portfolio. Its solutions are monitored 24x7x365 by TNS’ Network Operations Centers in the US  UK  Australia and Malaysia. For further information visit tnsfinancial.com.ENDSAbout Transaction Network Services (TNS)Founded in 1990  and with offices across USA  Europe and Asia  TNS is a leading provider of mission-critical infrastructure  connectivity  market data and analytic services for the Financial Markets community. Delivered as a fully managed Infrastructure-as-a-Service offering  TNS provides an unrivalled global mission-critical footprint that significantly reduces the burdens  complexities and costs attributed to firms ‘going direct’. Through its ultra-low latency connectivity  its global market data offerings and its dedicated 24x7x365 local support  TNS remains the trusted solution provider to more than 750+ counterparties globally.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.81,0.14,0.05,True,English,"['Managed Layer 1 Access', 'Euronext Move', 'TNS', 'Bergamo', 'Aruba Global Data Center IT3', 'ultra-low latency mutualized market access', 'simple, single hop architecture', 'global supply chain issues', 'ultra-low latency Layer 1 technology', 'other global colocation sites', 'unrivalled global mission-critical footprint', 'TNS’ Managed Hosting solution', 'global market data offerings', 'lowest latency network connectivity', 'Euronext exchange matching engine', 'TNS’ Network Operations Centers', 'primary data center', 'ultra-low latency connectivity', 'global, 125-strong point', 'Layer 1 switching solution', 'low latency services', 'traditional layer 3 architectures', 'local, physical support', '2,800 financial community endpoints', 'Financial Markets community', '24x7x365 local support', 'trusted solution provider', 'Transaction Network Services', 'financial market participants', 'multiple contiguous cabinets', 'lower total cost', 'TNS’ global point', 'uninterrupted, seamless trading', 'significant infrastructure capacity', 'TNS’ Vice President', 'global network', 'Bergamo colocation facility', 'data access', 'uninterrupted access', 'colocation services', 'mission-critical infrastructure', 'TNS Layer', 'trading operations', 'presence footprint', 'differentiated services', 'cost efficiencies', 'multiple switches', 'leading provider', 'analytic services', 'trading infrastructure', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Rehearsal testing', 'early June', 'new site', 'Jeff Mezger', 'core business', 'smooth migration', 'lead times', 'buying power', 'DIY move', 'smooth transition', 'full suite', 'order routing', 'partial rack', 'international banks', 'rack-optimized cabling', 'execution speeds', '5 to 85 nanoseconds', 'net connections', 'IaaS) portfolio', 'Service offering', '750+ counterparties', 'advanced solutions', 'VPN solutions', 'London triangle', 'Product Management', 'smaller firms', 'small firms', 'new customers', 'extensive existing', 'IT3.', '20 existing', 'Basildon', 'England', 'Italy', 'space', 'process', 'place', 'Frankfurt', 'traders', 'day', 'suppliers', 'year', 'equipment', 'procurement', 'installation', 'ownership', 'design', 'company', 'kind', 'need', 'little', '60 exchanges', 'globe', 'range', 'cloud', 'UK', 'Australia', 'Malaysia', 'information', 'tnsfinancial', 'ENDS', 'offices', 'USA', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'burdens', 'complexities', 'costs', 'dedicated']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,businesswire.com
4595,EuroNext,Google API,https://news.spacconference.com/2022/05/10/fl-entertainment-going-public-with-euronext-amsterdam-listing-via-merger-with-pegasus-entrepreneurs/,FL Entertainment Going Public with Euronext Amsterdam Listing Via Merger with Pegasus Entrepreneurs,1 hour ago,Sports betting platform FL Entertainment N.V. and Pegasus Entrepreneurial Acquisition Company Europe B.V. today entered into a definitive business combination agreement that will result in FL Entertainment listing on the Euronext Amsterdam.The transaction gives an implied pro forma equity value of €4.1 billion and pro forma enterprise value of €7.2 billion – which would make the deal the largest business combination by a European-listed SPAC.So far  Pegasus said it has over €620 million in cash commitments to FL Entertainment already secured  consisting of €220 million in PIPE investments  €250 million invested by controlling shareholder Financière Lov  €50 million invested by Financière Agache and Tikehau Capital as part of their forward purchase agreement and more than €100 million from Pegasus Entrepreneurs secured through signed non-redemption commitments.Recognizing the strong demand from investors thus far  the SPAC said it will continue to market the PIPE participation to additional investors with a target size of €250 million. Read more.,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam Listing', 'FL Entertainment', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'Merger', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurial Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'pro forma equity value', 'pro forma enterprise value', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'definitive business combination agreement', 'largest business combination', 'forward purchase agreement', 'Sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment listing', 'Financière Lov', 'Financière Agache', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'cash commitments', 'PIPE investments', 'Tikehau Capital', 'redemption commitments', 'strong demand', 'PIPE participation', 'European-listed SPAC', 'additional investors', 'transaction', 'implied', 'deal', 'shareholder', 'target', 'size']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,news.spacconference.com
4596,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veon-investment-to-accelerate-the-digitalisation-of-uzbekistan-301543867.html,VEON Investment to Accelerate the Digitalisation of Uzbekistan,8 hours ago,"AMSTERDAM  May 10  2022 VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON) (Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides mobile connectivity and services  announces today that it is to advise and provide digitalisation services to the Uzbekistan Government during the country's accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO).In a meeting with Laziz Kudratov  the First Deputy Minister of Investments and Foreign Trade of the Republic of Uzbekistan  VEON CEO  Kaan Terzioglu reiterated VEON's commitment to assisting the digitalisation of Uzbekistan. VEON Group  which operates in 9 countries and provides services to nearly 220 subscribers  has been serving Uzbekistan through its operating company Beeline since 2006. Beeline  Uzbekistan's leading Digital Operator  will actively participate in the implementation of the Digital Uzbekistan-2030 programme and  over the next five years intends to increase the volume of investments in the country's economy by $250 million.The success of Uzbekistan's WTO application will be influenced by the digitalisation of the economy of Uzbekistan  which is striving to become one of the technological leaders in Central Asia.""For the world community  what is important is not only the general state of the country's economy  but how the level of technology development in Uzbekistan has increased "" said Kaan Terzioglu  CEO  VEON. ""By investing in the infrastructure of VEON's mobile operator  Beeline Uzbekistan  we are striving to make digital services available to residents and businesses throughout the country  which will no doubt be an additional advantage for Uzbekistan's WTO application.""About VEONVEON is a NASDAQ and Euronext Amsterdam-listed global provider of connectivity and digital services serving nine countries  which together are home to 9% of the world's population. Our companies are transforming lifestyles through technology-driven services that empower opportunity in some of the world's fastest-growing emerging markets.For more information  visit: https://www.veon.comDisclaimerThis release contains ""forward-looking statements""  as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON's assistance in the digitalization of Uzbekistan. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEON GroupGroup Communications DirectorMarina Levina[email protected]TUVA PartnersJulian Tanner[email protected]M +44 7900 205 460SOURCE VEON Ltd",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.02,negative,0.03,0.19,0.78,True,English,"['VEON Investment', 'Digitalisation', 'Uzbekistan', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'VEON Group Group Communications Director', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'First Deputy Minister', 'next five years', 'growing emerging markets', 'Digital Uzbekistan-2030 programme', 'leading Digital Operator', 'global digital operator', 'World Trade Organization', 'SOURCE VEON Ltd', 'mobile operator', 'Foreign Trade', 'global provider', 'digital services', 'Laziz Kudratov', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'operating company', 'technological leaders', 'Central Asia', 'general state', 'technology development', 'additional advantage', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Marina Levina', 'TUVA Partners', 'Julian Tanner', 'world community', 'WTO application', 'technology-driven services', 'mobile connectivity', 'nine countries', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'Uzbekistan Government', 'VEON CEO', 'digitalisation services', 'statements', '9 countries', 'NASDAQ', 'country', 'accession', 'meeting', 'Investments', 'Republic', 'commitment', '220 subscribers', 'Beeline', 'implementation', 'volume', 'economy', 'success', 'level', 'infrastructure', 'residents', 'businesses', 'population', 'companies', 'lifestyles', 'opportunity', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'assistance', 'digitalization', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,prnewswire.com
4597,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/05/10/2439540/0/en/Trust-Stamp-signs-MoU-with-the-African-Institute-for-Mathematical-Sciences.html,Trust Stamp signs MoU with the African Institute for Mathematical Sciences,10 hours ago,Kigali  Rwanda  May 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Trust Stamp (Nasdaq: IDAI  Euronext Growth: AIID ID)  the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM  announces that it has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (the “MoU”) with the African Institute for Mathematical Sciences  Kigali  Rwanda (“AIMS”)  underlining a mutual desire for institutional cooperation with a focus on education and research aimed to further equity and inclusion for individuals of all races and ethnologies through advancements in biometrics and identity authentication.AIMS is Africa’s first and largest network of Centres of Excellence for innovative post-graduate training in mathematical sciences  with locations across five countries. The organization promotes increased collaboration between the public and private sector to prioritize STEM education in Africa as it leads the continent’s socio-economic transformation through innovative scientific training  technological advancement  and public engagement.The MoU highlights a shared motivation to further research in identifying and addressing systemic inequities resulting from race and ethnicity-based discrepancies in the performance of biometric systems. Trust Stamp and AIMS will partner in developing and implementing courses to extend graduate studies programs focused on big data analytics and biometrics  sharing academic research  and jointly exploring national and international funding opportunities to support cooperative agreements.Raman Narayanswamy  Chief Innovation Officer of Trust Stamp  comments  “This institutional cooperation between Trust Stamp and AIMS marks an important milestone in our long-standing commitment to universal financial inclusion. Empirical evidence shows an ongoing need in the biometrics industry for research and investment into machine learning algorithms with a focus on demographically diverse populations. Addressing this multifaceted issue is critical to the development of a robust digital infrastructure in Africa while posing wide-reaching implications for equity and inclusion around the world.Trust Stamp looks forward to working with AIMS to further identify and mitigate biases in artificial intelligence models that affect accuracy and performance of biometric technologies across different demographic groups as we continue innovating and delivering accurate  user-centric  and responsible identity solutions that address global needs.”Trust Stamp established its Rwandan subsidiary in 2021  which currently employs 16 people out of its Kigali office. The Company is actively hiring to double the team as it works to expand strategic partnerships and research initiatives.EnquiriesTrust Stamp Email: Shareholders@truststamp.aiGareth Genner  Chief Executive OfficerNisha Naik  Executive VP of CommunicationsDavy (Euronext Growth Advisor) Tel: +353 1 679 6363Barry MurphyInvestor Relations Tel: +1 212-671-1021Crescendo Communications Email: idai@crescendo-ir.comAbout Trust StampTrust Stamp   the Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM  is a global provider of AI-powered identity services for use in multiple sectors including banking and finance  regulatory compliance  government  real estate  communications  and humanitarian services. Its technology empowers organizations with advanced biometric identity solutions that reduce fraud  protect personal data privacy  increase operational efficiency  and reach a broader base of users worldwide through its unique data transformation and comparison capabilities.Located in seven countries across North America  Europe  Asia  and Africa  Trust Stamp trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market ( Nasdaq: IDAI ) and Euronext Growth in Dublin ( Euronext Growth: AIID ID ). Founded in 2016 by Gareth Genner and Andrew Gowasack  the company now employs over 100 people.Safe Harbor Statement: Caution Concerning Forward-Looking RemarksAll statements in this release that are not based on historical fact are “forward-looking statements” including within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. The information in this announcement may contain forward-looking statements and information related to  among other things  the company  its business plan and strategy  and its industry. These statements reflect management’s current views with respect to future events based on information currently available and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. The company does not undertake any obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.04,0.27,0.7,True,English,"['Trust Stamp', 'African Institute', 'Mathematical Sciences', 'MoU', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'advanced biometric identity solutions', 'Enquiries Trust Stamp Email', 'Trust Stamp Trust Stamp', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'responsible identity solutions', 'Privacy-First Identity CompanyTM', 'innovative post-graduate training', 'innovative scientific training', 'graduate studies programs', 'big data analytics', 'international funding opportunities', 'Chief Innovation Officer', 'machine learning algorithms', 'robust digital infrastructure', 'artificial intelligence models', 'different demographic groups', 'personal data privacy', 'Safe Harbor Statement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'AI-powered identity services', 'unique data transformation', 'Trust Stamp trades', 'universal financial inclusion', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'Securities Act', 'private sector', 'identity authentication', 'biometric systems', 'biometric technologies', 'socio-economic transformation', 'Executive VP', 'humanitarian services', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'AIID ID', 'African Institute', 'Mathematical Sciences', 'mutual desire', 'institutional cooperation', 'largest network', 'five countries', 'technological advancement', 'systemic inequities', 'ethnicity-based discrepancies', 'cooperative agreements', 'Raman Narayanswamy', 'important milestone', 'long-standing commitment', 'Empirical evidence', 'ongoing need', 'diverse populations', 'multifaceted issue', 'wide-reaching implications', 'global needs', 'Rwandan subsidiary', 'strategic partnerships', 'Gareth Genner', 'Nisha Naik', 'Barry Murphy', 'Investor Relations', 'global provider', 'multiple sectors', 'regulatory compliance', 'real estate', 'operational efficiency', 'broader base', 'comparison capabilities', 'seven countries', 'North America', 'Andrew Gowasack', 'Forward-Looking Remarks', 'historical fact', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'other things', 'business plan', 'current views', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'looking statements', 'Communications Davy', 'Crescendo Communications', 'future events', 'unanticipated events', 'STEM education', 'public engagement', 'The MoU', 'academic research', 'research initiatives', 'Kigali office', 'The Company', 'biometrics industry', 'IDAI', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'AIMS', 'focus', 'equity', 'individuals', 'races', 'ethnologies', 'advancements', 'Centres', 'Excellence', 'locations', 'organization', 'increased', 'collaboration', 'continent', 'motivation', 'performance', 'courses', 'comments', 'investment', 'development', 'world', 'biases', 'accuracy', '16 people', 'team', 'Shareholders', 'truststamp', 'use', 'banking', 'finance', 'government', 'technology', 'fraud', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Dublin', '100 people', 'Caution', 'release', 'meaning', 'provisions', 'information', 'announcement', 'strategy', 'management', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'Investors', 'date', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'occurrence']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,globenewswire.com
4598,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/nanobiotix-statement-total-voting-rights-201500565.html,Nanobiotix: Statement of Total Voting Rights and Shares Forming the Company’s Share Capital,"The total number of gross (or ""theoretical"") voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regul","In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French Financial Markets Authority)PARIS  May 10  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Nanobiotix (Paris:NANO) (NASDAQ:NBTX):Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDate Number of SharesOutstanding Total number of voting rights Total voting rights gross (1) Total voting rights net (2) April 30  2022 34 875 872 36 392 064 36 371 073(1) The total number of gross (or ""theoretical"") voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.(2) The total number of net (or ""exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting"") voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the AMF recommendation of July 17  2007.***About NANOBIOTIX: http://www.nanobiotix.comNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France. The company also has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States)  France  Spain  and Germany. Nanobiotix has been listed on the regulated market of Euronext: Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020.Story continuesNanobiotix is the owner of more than 30 umbrella patents associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system. The company's resources are primarily devoted to the development of its lead product candidate– NBTXR3—which is the product of its proprietary oncology platform and has already achieved market authorization in Europe for the treatment of patients with soft tissue sarcoma under the brand name Hensify®.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510006048/en/ContactsNanobiotixNanobiotix CommunicationsBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comNanobiotix Investor RelationsKate McNeilSVP  Investor Relations+1 (609) 678-7388investors@nanobiotix.comMedia RelationsFrance – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comUS – Porter NovelliCaitlin Hunt+1 (781)985-5967Caitlin.hunt@porternovelli.com",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,positive,0.61,0.3,0.09,True,English,"['Total Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Nanobiotix', 'Statement', 'Shares', 'Company', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Shareholders’ Meeting"") voting rights', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'French Commercial Code', 'Marchés Financiers', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'soft tissue sarcoma', 'theoretical"") voting rights', 'lead product candidate', 'proprietary oncology platform', 'Total voting rights', 'NANO.PA Website', 'Outstanding Total number', 'AMF General Regulations', 'Nanobiotix Investor Relations', 'ISIN code', 'AMF recommendation', 'Media Relations', 'regulated market', 'market authorization', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Date Number', 'threshold crossings', 'human life', 'United States', '30 umbrella patents', 'brand name', 'source version', 'Brandon Owens', 'Kate McNeil', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'Porter Novelli', 'Euronext Compartment', 'treatment outcomes', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Caitlin Hunt', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nanobiotix Communications', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Autorité', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Shares', 'net', 'April', 'gross', 'basis', 'account', 'order', 'public', 'July', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'France', 'subsidiaries', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'December', 'Story', 'owner', 'applications', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'resources', 'development', 'Europe', 'Hensify', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'plgermain', 'porternovelli']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,nz.finance.yahoo.com
4599,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/survivor-owner-banijay-public-via-192603815.html,‘Survivor’ Owner Banijay To Go Public Via SPAC Deal,The shares will begin trading on Euronext in Amsterdam on July 1. The company said that FL Entertainment has a “compelling opportunity” as a public company through “both expected growth and the extensive consolidation opportunities for its two ...,Banijay  the company behind series such as Survivor  Peaky Blinders and MasterChef  is going public through an agreement with a SPAC investment group.The deal will see Banijay chairman Stephane Courbit take the company  as well as online sports gambling group Betclic  public through FL Entertainment. The deal is being backed by investors including Bernard Arnault and Vincent Bolloré.More from DeadlineFL Entertainment Group will have an enterprise value of €7.2B  or €4.1B in equity value. The shares will begin trading on Euronext in Amsterdam on July 1.The company said that FL Entertainment has a “compelling opportunity” as a public company through “both expected growth and the extensive consolidation opportunities for its two businesses”.FL Entertainment will merge with SPAC Pegasus Entrepreneurs  which is backed by European asset management company Tikehau Capital and investment firm Financière Agache. Existing shareholders including Vivendi have agreed to reinvest in the new company Stéphane Courbit called the move a “milestone” for the group. “As a result of the transaction  the group will benefit from a robust balance sheet and will be very well positioned to capture growth in the entertainment industry ” he said.Banijay owns over 120 production companies across 22 countries including Endemol Shine North America  which it inherited as part of a major merger with the Big Brother producer in 2020.“In forming FL Entertainment with Pegasus Entrepreneurs  our Chairman Stéphane Courbit has created new opportunities for Banijay to grow and maintain its resilient position in the market ” said Banijay CEO Bassetti. “Aligning us with gold standard ESG and business excellence targets  the listing further strengthens our offering and we are all proud of the efforts of the wider LOV Group team in reaching this momentous milestone.”Story continuesBest of DeadlineSign up for Deadline's Newsletter. For the latest news  follow us on Facebook  Twitter  and Instagram.Click here to read the full article.,negative,0.03,0.45,0.52,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['Survivor’ Owner Banijay', 'SPAC Deal', 'Endemol Shine North America', 'online sports gambling group', 'wider LOV Group team', 'European asset management company', 'Chairman Stéphane Courbit', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Financière Agache', 'robust balance sheet', 'Big Brother producer', 'gold standard ESG', 'business excellence targets', 'extensive consolidation opportunities', 'SPAC investment group', 'SPAC Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'Banijay CEO Bassetti', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Stephane Courbit', 'Banijay chairman', 'investment firm', 'new opportunities', 'entertainment industry', 'Peaky Blinders', 'Bernard Arnault', 'Vincent Bolloré', 'enterprise value', 'equity value', 'compelling opportunity', 'two businesses', 'Tikehau Capital', 'Existing shareholders', '120 production companies', 'major merger', 'resilient position', 'momentous milestone', 'latest news', 'full article', 'public company', 'new company', 'series', 'Survivor', 'MasterChef', 'agreement', 'deal', 'Betclic', 'investors', 'Deadline', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'July', 'growth', 'Vivendi', 'move', 'result', 'transaction', '22 countries', 'part', 'market', 'listing', 'offering', 'efforts', 'Story', 'Newsletter', 'Facebook', 'Twitter', 'Instagram']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,yahoo.com
4600,EuroNext,Bing API,https://au.news.yahoo.com/benevolentai-begins-trading-euronext-amsterdam-050000031.html,BenevolentAI Begins Trading On Euronext Amsterdam,LONDON  April 25  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- BenevolentAI (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company  announces that trading in its shares is expected to ...,"LONDON  April 25  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- BenevolentAI (Euronext Amsterdam: BAI)  a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company  announces that trading in its shares is expected to begin today  following completion of the business combination of BenevolentAI Limited with Odyssey Acquisition S.A. (""Odyssey"") on 22 April 2022 (the ""Business Combination"").Benevolent_LogoHighlightsThe combined company now operates under the name BenevolentAI and will trade on Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol BAIGross proceeds from the Business Combination of €225 million will put BenevolentAI in a strong position to accelerate the development of its clinical pipeline and deliver multiple value inflection points in the near futureBenevolentAI also intends to continue investing in its technology platform and consolidate its position in AI-enabled drug discoveryOlivier Brandicourt  the former CEO of Sanofi  and Jean Raby  the former CEO of Natixis Investment Managers  have joined the board of BenevolentAIBackgroundBenevolentAI is a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company headquartered in London  with a research facility in Cambridge (UK) and an office in New York. BenevolentAI  employs a total of over 300 people.Through the combined capabilities of its AI platform  scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI aims to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods.The Benevolent Platform™ is a disease-agnostic drug discovery platform that powers a growing in-house pipeline of over 20 drug programmes  spanning from target discovery to clinical studies across multiple therapeutic indications. BenevolentAI also maintains successful collaborations with leading pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca  alongside collaborations with research and charitable institutions.The Business Combination provides BenevolentAI with a multi-year cash runway to continue development of the Benevolent Platform™ and progress its pipeline of drug candidates. In particular  BenevolentAI aims to complete the Phase I/II trial for BEN-2293 (atopic dermatitis) to make it ready for out-licensing  as well as to complete the Phase I trial for BEN-8744 (ulcerative colitis) in 2023 before commencing a Phase II trial.Story continuesThe BenevolentAI business model leverages the Benevolent Platform™ to generate new drug IP at scale and accelerate multiple novel assets to IND stage to commercialise in-house or through out-licensing agreements. Separately  BenevolentAI will seek to enter into selective strategic platform collaborations to drive greater shareholder value in disease areas that it would not currently select for in-house clinical development.Joanna Shields  Chief Executive Officer of BenevolentAI  said: ""At BenevolentAI  we set out to build a company that can bring about real transformation in drug R&D by leveraging AI and advanced technologies to improve drug efficacy  decrease failure rates and accelerate the development of new medicines. BenevolentAI is well on its way to achieving this mission.Our revolutionary approach empowers scientists to better understand disease biology and discover more effective therapies. Today  the Benevolent Platform™ is fully operational  scientifically validated  and producing results  demonstrated by our in-house pipeline of over 20 platform-generated drug candidates and successful collaborations. This listing underscores our commitment to becoming a key player in the global drug discovery sector.""Dr François Nader  Chairman of BenevolentAI  said: ""BenevolentAI is strongly positioned to unlock a new level of growth as a public company and advance its ambitious plans to scale its innovative R&D platform. The next chapter for BenevolentAI is a compelling one  as we look to strengthen our position within the AI-driven drug discovery sector and advance our mission to deliver life-changing medicines to patients. I also take pleasure in welcoming Olivier Brandicourt and Jean Raby to our Board – they bring immense experience and expertise  which will be invaluable as we pursue our value creation strategy.""Michael Zaoui  former Chairman of Odyssey  said: ""The completion of the Business Combination and BenevolentAI's listing on Euronext Amsterdam marks the final step of Odyssey's journey. Again  we would like to thank our shareholders as well as all those who contributed to this result. BenevolentAI now starts its life as a public company  and we have every confidence that it will thrive in the important and exciting space of AI-led drug discovery.""Transaction summaryThrough the Business Combination  BenevolentAI has received gross proceeds of €225 million.The issued share capital of BenevolentAI now amounts to €145 126.303  divided into 137 626 303 Ordinary Shares and 7 500 000 class B shares (the ""Sponsor Shares""). Following redemption of Ordinary Shares by their holders prior to closing  BenevolentAI will hold 25 137 581 Ordinary Shares in treasury.On 25 April 2022  5 000 000 Sponsor Shares automatically converted on a 1-to-1 basis into 5 000 000 Ordinary Shares. As a result  the share capital of BenevolentAI remains €145 126.303  divided into 142 626 303 Ordinary Shares and 2 500 000 Sponsor Shares.Certain BenevolentAI shareholders that were shareholders in BenevolentAI Limited prior to the Business Combination and certain shareholders of Odyssey's Ordinary Shares are subject to a 180-day lock-up until 19 October 2022 and Odyssey's sponsor entity is subject to a 365-day lock-up until 22 April 2023  subject to terms set forth in the respective lock-up agreements. For more details on transaction rationale  transaction structure  and lock-up terms  please refer to the prospectus dated 22 April 2022  which can be found on the Investor section of www.benevolent.com.ABOUT BENEVOLENTAIBenevolentAI (AMS: BAI) is a leading  clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company listed on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange. Through the combined capabilities of its AI platform  scientific expertise  and wet-lab facilities  BenevolentAI is well-positioned to deliver novel drug candidates with a higher probability of clinical success than those developed using traditional methods. BenevolentAI has a consistently proven track record of scientifically validated discoveries. The BenevolentAI Platform™ powers a growing in-house pipeline of over 20 drug programmes  spanning from target discovery to clinical studies  and it maintains successful collaborations with AstraZeneca  as well as leading research and charitable institutions. BenevolentAI is headquartered in London  with a research facility in Cambridge (UK) and a further office in New York.ADVISORSGoldman Sachs International served as exclusive financial advisor to BenevolentAI in connection with the business combination. Goldman Sachs International also acted as placement agent on the PIPE. Latham & Watkins (London) LLP  NautaDutilh Avocats Luxembourg S.a r.l. and NautaDutilh N.V. served as legal advisors to BenevolentAI.J.P. Morgan SE and Zaoui & Co served as financial advisors to Odyssey. J.P. Morgan SE also acted as placement agent on the PIPE. Skadden  Arps  Slate  Meagher & Flom (UK) LLP  ELVINGER HOSS PRUSSEN  société anonyme and Stibbe N.V. served as legal advisors for Odyssey.Linklaters LLP served as legal advisor to the placement agents on the PIPE.DISCLAIMER:These materials may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. These materials do not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities of BenevolentAI (the ""Securities"") in the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). There will be no public offering of the Securities in the United States. The Securities have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. The Securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada or Japan  subject to certain exceptions.This publication constitutes neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy securities. An investment decision regarding the Securities should only be made on the basis of the prospectus  which has been approved by the Financial Sector Supervisory Commission (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF)) and is available free of charge on the Odyssey website.This announcement does not constitute a prospectus. BenevolentAI has not authorised any offer to the public of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area. With respect to any Member State of the European Economic Area (each a ""Relevant Member State"")  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of Securities requiring publication of a prospectus in any Relevant Member State. As a result  the Securities may only be offered in Relevant Member States (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (ii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of this paragraph  the expression ""offer of securities to the public"" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable the investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities and the expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any relevant delegated regulations.This release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""plans""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""will""  ""may""  ""continues""  ""should"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect  at the time made  BenevolentAI's beliefs  intentions and current targets/aims concerning  among other things  BenevolentAI's and its group's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding: objectives  goals  strategies  outlook and growth prospects; future plans  events or performance and potential for future growth; lease-up potentials; economic outlook and industry trends; developments of BenevolentAI's or its group's markets; the impact of regulatory initiatives; and the strength of BenevolentAI or any other member of its group's competitors. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in BenevolentAI's records (and those of other members of its group) and other data available from third parties. Although BenevolentAI believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond BenevolentAI's control.Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause the actual outcomes and the results of operations  financial condition and liquidity of BenevolentAI and other members of its group or the industry to differ materially from those results expressed or implied in the Information by such forward-looking statements. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realised. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. BenevolentAI expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statements are based. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved. Undue influence should not be given to  and no reliance should be placed on  any forward-looking statement.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/benevolentai-begins-trading-on-euronext-amsterdam-301531567.htmlSOURCE BenevolentAI",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.75,0.23,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam', 'BenevolentAI', 'leading, clinical-stage AI-enabled drug discovery company', 'Dr François Nader', 'global drug discovery sector', 'AI-driven drug discovery sector', 'multiple value inflection points', 'disease-agnostic drug discovery platform', 'innovative R&D platform', 'Odyssey Acquisition S.A.', 'selective strategic platform collaborations', 'leading pharmaceutical company', 'The BenevolentAI business model', 'drug R&D', 'AI-led drug discovery', 'multiple therapeutic indications', 'multiple novel assets', 'greater shareholder value', 'value creation strategy', 'novel drug candidates', '20 platform-generated drug candidates', 'Natixis Investment Managers', 'multi-year cash runway', 'Phase I/II trial', 'Phase I trial', 'Phase II trial', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new drug IP', 'The Benevolent Platform™', '7,500,000 class B shares', 'The Business Combination', 'target discovery', 'house clinical development', '20 drug programmes', 'drug efficacy', 'combined company', 'public company', 'technology platform', 'AI platform', 'New York', 'clinical success', 'clinical studies', 'successful collaborations', 'new medicines', 'new level', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Benevolent_Logo Highlights', 'ticker symbol', 'Gross proceeds', 'clinical pipeline', 'near future', 'Olivier Brandicourt', 'former CEO', 'Jean Raby', 'combined capabilities', 'wet-lab facilities', 'higher probability', 'traditional methods', 'charitable institutions', 'atopic dermatitis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'IND stage', 'out-licensing agreements', 'disease areas', 'Joanna Shields', 'real transformation', 'advanced technologies', 'failure rates', 'revolutionary approach', 'disease biology', 'effective therapies', 'key player', 'ambitious plans', 'next chapter', 'compelling one', 'life-changing medicines', 'immense experience', 'Michael Zaoui', 'final step', 'exciting space', 'Transaction summary', 'share capital', '137,626,303 Ordinary Shares', '25,137,581 Ordinary Shares', 'house pipeline', 'research facility', 'scientific expertise', 'former Chairman', 'Sponsor Shares', 'strong position', 'BenevolentAI Limited', '5,000,000 Sponsor', 'LONDON', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'BAI', 'completion', 'name', 'Sanofi', 'board', 'Background', 'Cambridge', 'UK', 'total', '300 people', 'growing', 'AstraZeneca', 'BEN-2293', 'BEN-8744', 'Story', 'scale', 'mission', 'scientists', 'results', 'listing', 'commitment', 'growth', 'patients', 'pleasure', 'journey', 'shareholders', 'confidence', 'important', 'redemption', 'treasury']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,au.news.yahoo.com
4601,EuroNext,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/eventus-hires-scott-leader-lead-regtechs-asia-pacific-operation/,Eventus hires Scott Leader to lead RegTech’s Asia Pacific operation,Scott Leader has nearly three decades of financial services  sales  and management experience in top names such as ASX  NYSE Euronext  Bloomberg LP  SunGard (now FIS)  Misys  and Pegasystems.,Scott Leader has nearly three decades of financial services  sales  and management experience in top names such as ASX  NYSE Euronext  Bloomberg LP  SunGard (now FIS)  Misys  and Pegasystems.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Asia Pacific operation', 'Scott Leader', 'Eventus', 'RegTech', 'Scott Leader', 'three decades', 'financial services', 'management experience', 'top names', 'NYSE Euronext', 'Bloomberg LP', 'sales', 'ASX', 'SunGard', 'FIS', 'Misys', 'Pegasystems']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,financefeeds.com
4602,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-become-public-company-174200910.html,FL Entertainment to become a public company listed on Euronext Amsterdam by combining with Pegasus Entrepreneurs,THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION. NOT FOR RELEASE PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION ,"Pegasus Entrepreneurial Acquisition Company Europe B.V.THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  JAPAN  AUSTRALIA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTIONFL Entertainment Group is a global leader in independent content production and the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe through its Banijay Group 1 and Betclic Everest Group 2 businesses2021 revenue of approximately €3.5 billion and Adjusted EBITDA 3 of approximately €609 millionFL Entertainment Group has a compelling opportunity as a public company  through both expected growth and the extensive consolidation opportunities for its two businessesTransaction gives implied pro forma equity value of €4.1 billion and pro forma enterprise value of €7.2 billion 4 – the largest business combination by a European-listed SPACOver €620 million of cash commitments to FL Entertainment already secured: (i) approximately €220 million PIPE investments  (ii) €250 million invested by controlling shareholder Financière Lov  (iii) €50 million invested by Financière Agache and Tikehau Capital as part of their forward purchase agreement ('' FPA '') and (iv) more than €100 million from Pegasus Entrepreneurs secured through signed non-redemption commitmentsRecognizing the strong demand from investors thus far  the parties will continue to market the PIPE participation to a broader scope of investors with a target size of €250 millionEquity roll-over of minority shareholders in the Banijay Group (Vivendi  Fimalac and De Agostini) and the Betclic Everest Group (SBM International5) to become shareholders in FL EntertainmentPARIS and AMSTERDAM  May 10  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FL Entertainment N.V.6 (“FL Entertainment” or the “Company”) and Pegasus Entrepreneurial Acquisition Company Europe B.V. (“Pegasus Entrepreneurs”)  a special purpose acquisition company (''SPAC'') focused on European growth companies  today announced that they have entered into a definitive business combination agreement that will result in the listing of FL Entertainment on Euronext Amsterdam. Upon closing of the transaction  the combined company will be named FL Entertainment and will be led by Stéphane Courbit as Chairman and François Riahi as CEO.Story continuesStéphane Courbit  Chairman of the board of FL Entertainment (the ''FLE Board'') and founder of Banijay said:“Achieving a public listing of FL Entertainment through this partnership with Pegasus Entrepreneurs is a milestone in the history of our group. As a result of the transaction  the group will benefit from a robust balance sheet and will be very well positioned to capture growth in the entertainment industry. FL Entertainment is all about partnership  and I am pleased to welcome Pegasus Entrepreneurs and its sponsors as shareholders to our strengthened partnership with Vivendi  SBM International  Fimalac and De Agostini  our existing shareholders in Banijay Group and Betclic Everest Group who have given us their full support to make FL Entertainment even more powerful. One of the key strengths of FL Entertainment is its management team: François Riahi as CEO of FL Entertainment  Marco Bassetti as CEO of the Banijay Group and Nicolas Béraud as CEO of the Betclic Everest Group. Both Marco and Nicolas have developed their businesses with tremendous success so far and will continue to do so in the new structure  supported by a talented team.”Pierre Cuilleret  sponsor and CEO of Pegasus Entrepreneurs  and future member of the FLE Board said:“Pegasus Entrepreneurs was created by long-term investors with the objective of partnering with an entrepreneur-led European company with a track-record of achieving profitable growth  and the potential to accelerate growth and create value with access to our expertise  network and listing platform. We could not dream of a better opportunity than partnering with FL Entertainment and Stéphane Courbit to achieve our objective on behalf of our shareholders. The proposed business combination with FL Entertainment benefits from strong support from our shareholders and investors  as evidenced by unprecedented level of non-redemption commitments already received  as well as the largest ever PIPE raising by a European-listed SPAC. We look forward to the next stage of FL Entertainment’s growth and value creation.”Investment highlightsFL Entertainment together with its subsidiaries is a global and entrepreneur-led entertainment group (the ''FL Entertainment Group'') combining two complementary and successful businesses in digital entertainment market segments with high growth potential: Banijay Group and Betclic Everest Group.The Banijay Group is the world’s largest independent content production company7  operating over 120 production companies across 22 countries. It produces both scripted and non-scripted content across all genres  including reality shows  entertainment and talk shows  game shows  factual entertainment  documentary  drama  animation and comedy. The Banijay Group has a multi-genre catalogue of over 120 000 hours of original standout programming  the world’s largest content catalogue in the independent production sector8. It has produced successful long-running programmes such as Survivor  Versailles  Peaky Blinders  Germinal and MasterChef. The global content production industry was valued at approximately €200 billion in 2021and is structurally growing. The Banijay Group is ideally positioned for future growth leveraging and has a proven and scalable business model  the world's largest content catalogue and strong franchises.The Betclic Everest Group operates in the online sports betting and gaming segment and believes it is the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe.9 The Betclic Everest Group generates revenues from its operations in ten countries. Its five main geographies are France  Portugal  Poland  Germany and Italy  which together represent 91% of its revenue in the year ended 31 December 2021. The Betclic Everest Group primarily operates in regulated markets and these solid and mature regulatory environments are expected to support the growth of the global online gambling market. The Betclic Everest Group has a proprietary technology platform that offers award-winning user experience and products. Online sports betting and gaming is expected to reach approximately €115 billion in the next five years (+11% CAGR 2020-27E)10.FL Entertainment is controlled by Financière Lov and led by Stéphane Courbit  an entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  and François Riahi. Financière Lov invested in Betclic in 2007  founded the Banijay Group in 2008 and has developed the two businesses to form an entertainment group and has an outstanding track-record of growing businesses and creating value for shareholders. For the year ended 31 December 2021  the combined revenue of Banijay and Betclic amounts to approximately €3.5 billion  Adjusted EBITDA of approximately €609 million  and Adjusted Free Cash Flow11 of approximately €498 million  representing an Adjusted Cash Conversion12 of approximately 82%.FL Entertainment will benefit from experienced governance and leadership. The FLE Board will be composed of a majority of members independent of Financière Lov  including two members appointed by Pegasus Entrepreneurs  including Pierre Cuilleret  CEO of Pegasus Entrepreneurs  as well as two members appointed by Vivendi  and one by SBM International. François Riahi  CEO of Financière Lov  will also be the CEO of FL Entertainment. Sophie Kurinckx  currently CFO of Banijay  will move to the position of CFO of FL Entertainment. Marco Bassetti  CEO of Banijay and Nicolas Beraud  CEO of Betclic  will keep their full role and responsibilities in their respective company  form part of the Senior Management team of FL Entertainment and will be invited to attend all FLE Board meetings as permanent guests.Guidance and outlookIn the year ended 31 December 2022  FL Entertainment expects revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of respectively approximately €3.8 billion and approximately €645 million13  Adjusted Cash Conversion of approximately 80% and Leverage14 between 3.0x and 3.5x.For the medium term  the Company targets annual organic revenue growth in the mid-single digits for the Banijay Group and in the low teens for the Betclic Everest Group. The Company targets a stable Adjusted EBITDA margin15 for both businesses. The Company targets Adjusted Cash Conversion of approximately 80% and will aim to distribute at least one third of Adjusted Net Income  with a leverage policy below 3.0x.Transaction overviewThe contemplated transaction consists of (i) the business combination of FL Entertainment and Pegasus Entrepreneurs resulting in a public listing of FL Entertainment on Euronext Amsterdam  (ii) the equity roll-over of the minority shareholders in the Banijay Group (Vivendi  Fimalac and De Agostini) and the Betclic Everest Group (SBM International) to become shareholders of FL Entertainment  and (iii) raising of targeted circa €760 million of proceeds.The transaction implies a pro forma equity value for FL Entertainment of €4.1 billion and a pro forma enterprise value of €7.2 billion. As a result of the transaction  Financière Lov (controlled by the Courbit family) is expected to hold 46% of the share capital of the Company and 72% of its voting rights through a multiple voting rights mechanism. Vivendi16  Fimalac16  SBM and De Agostini are expected to hold approximately 19%  7%  10% and 5% of the effective economic interests of the Company respectively. The initial free float is expected to represent approximately 10% of the Company (approximately €400 million).Total PIPE investments of €219 million have already been committed. These investments come from high-quality long-term investors  including among others Exor  Vivendi  Fimalac  AXA Investment Managers (acting on behalf of the AXA Companies) and Arjo (the investment vehicle of Didier Le Menestrel). In addition  Financière Lov will invest at least €250 million and Financière Agache and Tikehau Capital will invest €50 Million as part of their FPA committed at the time of Pegasus Entrepreneurs IPO. All commitments are at a price per share of €10.The parties will keep flexibility to extend the PIPE with a target of €250 million.Financière Lov  Financière Agache  Pegasus Acquisitions Partners Holding B.V. and Tikehau Capital have agreed to a 36-month lock-up  Vivendi to a 18-month lock-up  SBM International and Fimalac to a 12-month lock-up  and De Agostini to a 6-month lock-up  subject to certain customary exemptions.The proposed business combination  which has been unanimously approved by the FLE Board and the board of Pegasus Entrepreneurs  is expected to close on 30 June 2022 and subsequently list on 1 July 2022. The business combination is subject to approval by Pegasus Entrepreneurs’ shareholders and other regulatory and customary closing conditions which must be met by 31 August 2022 at the latest.An Extraordinary General Meeting of Pegasus Entrepreneurs shareholders (the ''EGM'') will be held to vote  amongst others  on approval of the proposed business combination and  as a technical matter  the merger  in accordance with the merger proposal. The date of the EGM will be confirmed in the coming days and Pegasus Entrepreneurs will issue a shareholder circular  which includes key information regarding the business combination.Pegasus Entrepreneurs’ shareholders representing €102 million or almost 50% of the SPAC cash escrow of €210 million have already signed non-redemption undertakings and agreed to vote in favour of the transaction. Taking into account the Founder shares  this means the merger will be approved by at least 58% of the votes at the EGM.AdvisorsD’Angelin & Co and Rothschild & Co are acting as financial advisors  Darrois Villey Maillot Brochier and Stibbe are acting as legal advisors and Villey Girard Grolleaud is acting as tax advisor to FL Entertainment.BNP Paribas is acting as exclusive financial advisor  and White & Case and NautaDutilh are acting as legal advisors to Pegasus Entrepreneurs.BNP Paribas  Citigroup  Crédit Agricole CIB  Natixis and Société Générale are PIPE placement agents and Linklaters is acting as their legal advisor.About FL EntertainmentFL Entertainment is a global entertainment leader led by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  and François Riahi. Through its businesses  Banijay Group and Betclic Everest Group  FL Entertainment is a leader in attractive and high growth market segments  as the largest independent content producer globally and the fastest-growing sports betting platform in Europe. For the year ended 31 December 2021  Banijay and Betclic Everest Group recorded combined revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of respectively €3.5 billion and €609 million.About Pegasus EntrepreneursPegasus Entrepreneurs is a SPAC focused on entrepreneurial European growth companies. Backed by serial entrepreneur Pierre Cuilleret  institutional sponsors Financière Agache and Tikehau Capital  and individual sponsors Diego De Giorgi and Jean Pierre Mustier  Pegasus Entrepreneurs successfully raised €210 million in gross offering proceeds and listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ticker code: PEACE and PEACW) on 10 December 2021. Pegasus Entrepreneurs targeted a business combination with an entrepreneur-led European-headquartered business that had a track record of achieving high growth and has a clear growth and value creation plan. On 10 May 2022 Pegasus Entrepreneurs and FL Entertainment N.V announced that they have entered into a definitive business combination agreement that will result in the listing of FL Entertainment on Euronext Amsterdam. Combining with FL Entertainment  it raised the biggest PIPE for a European-listed SPAC and secured an extraordinarily low level of redemptions.For further information please visit:www.fl-entertainment.com or www.pegasuseurope.com/investor-relations/peaceMedia ContactsFL EntertainmentImage 7: Anne-France Malrieu  Tel: +33 (0)1 53 70 74 70Primatice : Olivier Labesse : 06 79 11 49 71 – olivierlabesse@primatice.com   Hugues Schmitt : 06 71 99 74 58 – huguesschmitt@primatice.com Thomas de Climens : 06 78 12 97 95 – thomasdeclimens@primatice.comPegasus EntrepreneursFinElk: Robin Haddrill / Cornelia Schnepf: +44 7920 016 203/ +44 7387 108 998pegasus@finelk.euTikehau CapitalTikehau Capital: Valérie Sueur  Tel : +33 (0)1 40 06 39 30France - Image 7: Florence Coupry  Tel: +33 (0)1 53 70 74 70UK – Prosek Partners: Henrietta Dehn & Alex Bethell – Tel: +44 (0)20 8323 0474press@tikehaucapital.comShareholder and Investor Contact: Louis Igonet  Tel: +33 (0)1 40 06 11 11 shareholders@tikehaucapital.comwww.tikehaucapital.comFinancière AgachePrimatice : Olivier Labesse : 06 79 11 49 71 – olivierlabesse@primatice.com   Hugues Schmitt : 06 71 99 74 58 – huguesschmitt@primatice.com Thomas de Climens : 06 78 12 97 95 – thomasdeclimens@primatice.comDISCLAIMER:These materials may not be published  distributed or transmitted in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. These materials do not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the ""Securities"") of Pegasus Entrepreneurs in the United States  Australia  Canada  Japan or any other jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). There will be no public offering of the Securities in the United States. The Securities have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act. The Securities referred to herein may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada or Japan  subject to certain exceptions.This publication constitutes neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to buy Securities. An investment decision regarding the Securities should only be made on the basis of the prospectus  which will be published promptly upon approval by the Dutch Authority of the Financial Markets (AFM) and will be available free of charge on the Pegasus Entrepreneurs website.This announcement does not constitute a prospectus. Pegasus Entrepreneurs has not authorised any offer to the public of Securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area. With respect to any Member State of the European Economic Area (each a ""Relevant Member State"")  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of Securities requiring publication of a prospectus in any Relevant Member State. As a result  the Securities may only be offered in Relevant Member States (i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or (ii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. For the purpose of this paragraph  the expression ""offer of securities to the public"" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable the investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities and the expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any relevant delegated regulations.In the United Kingdom  this document is only being distributed to  and is only directed at  qualified investors  within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 who are also (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"")  (ii) persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high-net-worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc.) or (iii) persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.This release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""plans""  ""targets""  ""aims""  ""believes""  ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""will""  ""may""  ""continues""  ""should"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements reflect  at the time made  FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' beliefs  intentions and current targets/aims concerning  among other things  FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' or their respective groups' results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  prospects  growth and strategies. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding: objectives  goals  strategies  outlook and growth prospects; future plans  events or performance and potential for future growth; lease-up potentials; economic outlook and industry trends; developments of FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' or their respective groups' markets; the impact of regulatory initiatives; and the strength of FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs or any other member of their respective groups' competitors. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' records (and those of other members of its group) and other data available from third parties. Although FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond FL Entertainment's or Pegasus Entrepreneurs' control.Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause the actual outcomes and the results of operations  financial condition and liquidity of FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs and other members of their respective groups or the industry to differ materially from those results expressed or implied in the Information by such forward-looking statements. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realized. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this release. FL Entertainment or Pegasus Entrepreneurs expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in their expectations with regard thereto or any changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statements are based. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements or forecasts will come to pass or that any forecast result will be achieved. Undue influence should not be given to  and no reliance should be placed on  any forward-looking statement.Adjusted EBITDA Forecast for the year ending 31 December 2022The forecasted Adjusted EBITDA for 2022 and other 2022 guidance and medium term outlook in this press release (""Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts"") is provided subject to the assumptions described below and assuming anticipated market conditions and anticipated macro-economic conditions. The Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts have been prepared on a basis which is: (i) comparable with the historical financial information of the FL Entertainment Group included in the FL Entertainment Group's combined financial statements; and (ii) consistent with the accounting policies applied by the FL Entertainment Group for the preparation of the combined financial statements. The Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 are influenced by the factors listed below and are based on current assumptions  expectations and plans made by the FL Entertainment Group's management related to these factors. These assumptions relate to factors that can  even if only to a limited extent  or cannot be influenced by the FL Entertainment Group. Even if the FL Entertainment Group believes that these assumptions have been made to the best of the FL Entertainment Group's management's knowledge as of the date of this press release  they may prove erroneous or unfounded. As the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 relate to a period not yet completed and have been prepared on the basis of assumptions about future uncertain events and actions  it naturally entails substantial uncertainties. Because of these uncertainties  it is possible that the actual Adjusted EBITDA of the Banijay Group  the Betclic Everest Group and/or the FL Entertainment Group for 2022 may differ materially from the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts.For the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that:Factors outside the Group's influenceThe Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 are generally subject to factors that are beyond the control of the FL Entertainment Group and its subsidiaries or any individual. These factors and the related assumptions of the FL Entertainment Group are outlined below:Factor: unforeseen events such as force majeureFor the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that no material unforeseen events will occur that could result in material or lasting constraints on the ongoing operations of the FL Entertainment Group such a force majeure (e.g. fire  floods hurricanes  storms earthquakes or terrorist attacks)  strikes  a global pandemic or war.Factor: changes to the macro-economic  legislative or regulatory environmentFor the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that there will be no material changes to the macro-economic  legislative  taxation and regulatory environment of the FL Entertainment Group when compared to those in effect during the year ended 31 December 2021.Factor: growing demandFor the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that global content market will grow with approximately 25% in 2022 and global online gambling market with approximately 11% in 2022 compared to during the year ended 31 December 2021.Factor: no COVID-19For the purpose of the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022  the FL Entertainment Group assumes that there will be no COVID-19 that impact the FL Entertainment Group's business during the year ending 31 December 2022.Factors that can be partly or wholly influenced by the FL Entertainment GroupIn addition  further factors may also influence the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts for 2022 over which the FL Entertainment Group has control. The relevant assumptions are outlined below:Factor: timing and performance of acquisitions and disposalsThere are no material acquisitions of subsidiaries  joint ventures and/or associates by the FL Entertainment Group planned prior to 31 December 2022.In respect of the Banijay Group:Factor: the Banijay Group will pursue its strategyDevelopment of scripted business: The Banijay Group will develop new scripted business at the same level as historically in the year ending 31 December 2022.Renewal of the Banijay Group's shows: The Banijay Group's main shows  such as Big Brother  Survivor and Masterchef  will be renewed by its customers in the year ending 31 December 2022.Investment in new IP to feed the Banijay Group's catalog and productions: The Banijay Group will invest in new intellectual property at the same level as historically to feed and develop the Banijay Group's catalog and productions.Factor: new blockbuster in the Banijay Group’s catalogFor the purpose of the forecasts for 2022  the Banijay Group assumed there would be no new blockbusters in the Banijay Group’s catalog of shows in the year ending 31 December 2022.In respect of the Betclic Everest Group:Factor: Innovation in offers and user experiences to be able to attract new and retain current playersThe Betclic Everest Group will be able to attract new players by innovation in the offers made to players and improvement of its user experience  as well as to invest in customer relation management to retain players and improve their loyalty  and make the player database grow by 18% in the year ending 31 December 2022 compared to the year ended 31 December 2021  from 893 000 monthly average players in the year ended 31 December 2021 to 1 047 000 monthly average players in the year ended 31 December 2022.If one or more of these assumptions proves to be erroneous or unfounded  the actual Adjusted EBITDA of the Banijay Group  the Betclic Everest Group and/or the FL Entertainment Group could deviate materially from the Adjusted EBITDA Forecasts.1 Banijay together with its subsidiaries.2 Betclic together with its subsidiaries  including Bet-at-home.3 Defined as operating profit for that period excluding restructuring costs and other non-recurring items  costs associated with the LTIP and employment related earn-out and option expenses  and depreciation and amortisation (excluding D&A fiction). D&A fiction are costs related to the amortisation of fiction production  which the Group considers to be operating costs.4 Including €2.3 billion pro forma net financial debt  €0.4 billion of non-controlling interests and €0.3 billion of other items.5 SBM International” refers to Monte-Carlo SBM International S.à.r.l.  a wholly owned subsidiary established in Luxembourg of the listed company Société Anonyme des Bains de Mer et du Cercle des Étrangers à Monaco.6 FL Topco B.V. is to be converted into FL Entertainment N.V.7 Both in terms of revenues over the year ended 31 December 2021 and catalogue depth in the independent production sector.8 Which excludes major US studios dominating the licensing sector.9 In terms of Gross Gaming Revenue growth over the year ended 31 December 2020 to the year ended 31 December 2021  compared to its main competitors. Gross Gaming Revenue for a period is defined as the difference between bets and winnings paid to players for sports betting and casino products  and commissions on horse betting and entry fees for poker products for that period.10 Source: www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-gambling-market-size-expected-to-reach-127-billion-by-2027-301382303.html11 Defined as Adjusted EBITDA adjusted for purchase and disposal of property plant and equipment and of intangible assets and cash outflows for leases that are not recognised as rental expenses.12 Defined as Adjusted Free Cash Flow divided by Adjusted EBITDA.13 Including approximately €5 million holding costs.14 Defined as the sum of bonds  bank borrowings  bank overdrafts and accrued interests on bonds and bank borrowings minus cash and cash equivalents  cash balances of online players  trusts  plus trade receivables on providers and the fair value of derivatives divided by Adjusted EBITDA.15 Defined as Adjusted EBITDA for a period as a percentage of revenue for that period.16 Excluding PIPE investment.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.6,0.22,0.19,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'public company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurial Acquisition Company Europe B.V.', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent content production company', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'pro forma enterprise value', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'digital entertainment market segments', 'pro forma equity value', 'definitive business combination agreement', 'Betclic Everest Group 2 businesses', 'Nicolas Béraud', 'largest business combination', 'entrepreneur-led European company', 'forward purchase agreement', 'extensive consolidation opportunities', 'Financière Lov', 'Financière Agache', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'François Riahi', 'robust balance sheet', 'million PIPE investments', 'entrepreneur-led entertainment group', 'European growth companies', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'high growth potential', 'two businesses Transaction', 'The Banijay Group', 'public company', 'combined company', '120 production companies', 'Pegasus Entrepreneurs', 'listing platform', 'Equity roll-over', 'value creation', 'two complementary', 'successful businesses', 'entertainment industry', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'RELEASE PUBLICATION', 'UNITED STATES', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'cash commitments', 'controlling shareholder', 'Tikehau Capital', 'non-redemption commitments', 'strong demand', 'PIPE participation', 'broader scope', 'target size', 'De Agostini', 'SBM International', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'full support', 'key strengths', 'management team', 'tremendous success', 'new structure', 'talented team', 'Pierre Cuilleret', 'future member', 'strong support', 'unprecedented level', 'next stage', 'Investment highlights', 'profitable growth', 'European-listed SPAC', 'FLE Board', 'public listing', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'global leader', 'compelling opportunity', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Marco Bassetti', 'minority shareholders', 'existing shareholders', 'long-term investors', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'AUSTRALIA', 'VIOLATION', 'SUCH', '2021 revenue', 'EBITDA', 'FPA', 'parties', 'Vivendi', 'Fimalac', 'PARIS', 'closing', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Story', 'founder', 'partnership', 'milestone', 'result', 'sponsors', 'objective', 'track-record', 'access', 'expertise', 'network', 'behalf', 'subsidiaries', 'world', '22 countries', '€']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4603,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2022-05/56011562-royal-dsm-dsm-announces-final-dividend-for-2021-008.htm,Royal DSM: DSM announces final dividend for 2021,Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  confirmed its resolution to declare a dividend for the financial year 2021 of €2.50,"HEERLEN  Netherlands  May 10  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global purpose-led science-based company  confirmed its resolution to declare a dividend for the financial year 2021 of €2.50 per ordinary share was passed today  10 May 2022  at its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. This represents an increased dividend versus the €2.40 paid for 2020. An interim dividend of €0.80 per ordinary share having been paid in August 2021  the final dividend thus amounts to €1.70 per ordinary share.At the discretion of the shareholder  the final dividend will be made available in cash or  under the conditions set out below  in ordinary shares of DSM. The period in which this choice can be made is from 16 May 2022 to 27 May 2022 (3:00pm CET).To the extent the final dividend is paid out in shares  these shares will be primarily transferred out of the own shares DSM holds in stock. Should the total number of own shares not be sufficient  additional shares will be acquired.The stock dividend is paid from the tax-exempt share premium reserve and thus free from withholding tax in the Netherlands. Where shareholders have opted to receive their dividend in shares  the corresponding cash value of €1.70 per ordinary share will be deducted from the profit attributable to shareholders and added to the reserves. In order to avoid negative tax consequences for DSM  a maximum of 40% of the total dividend amount is available for stock dividend. If shareholders in total wish to receive in aggregate a distribution in shares which exceeds this maximum percentage of the total dividend  those shareholders who have opted for distribution in the form of shares will receive their stock dividend on a pro rata basis  with the remainder being distributed in cash.The conversion rate of the stock dividend to that of the cash dividend will be determined on 30 May 2022 based on the Volume Weighted Average Price ('VWAP') of all DSM shares traded on Euronext Amsterdam ('Euronext') over a period of five trading days from 23 May 2022 up to and including 27 May 2022. The value of the stock dividend  based on this VWAP  will - subject to rounding - be equal to the cash dividend. There will be no trading in stock dividend rights.The ex-dividend date will be 12 May 2022  the record date 13 May 2022 and the dividend will be payable as from 3 June 2022.Timetable12 May 2022 : Ex-dividend quotation: Ex-dividend quotation 13 May 2022 : Record Date: Record Date 16 - 27 May 2022 ( 3:00pm CET ): Period in which shareholders can indicate their choice( ): Period in which shareholders can indicate their choice 23 - 27 May 2022 : VWAP determination (based on the period 23 May up to and including 27 May 2022 ): VWAP determination (based on the period 23 May up to and including ) 30 May 2022 (COB): Announcement of the exchange ratio(COB): Announcement of the exchange ratio As from 3 June 2022 : Delivery of shares or cash paymentShareholders are requested to indicate their choice within the defined period  through their bank or broker  to ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO""). Shareholders registered in the Company's shareholder register will be separately informed.Payment of the dividend on the ordinary shares and delivery of ordinary shares  with settlement of fractions in cash  if required  will take place as from 3 June 2022 based on the number of dividend rights delivered.Paying agent: ABN AMRO Bank N.V.  tel: +31 20 38 35 454  email as.exchange.agency@nl.abnamro.com.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders - customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyTwitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMLinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpg",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['final dividend', 'Royal DSM', '2021', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Volume Weighted Average Price', 'tax-exempt share premium reserve', 'global purpose-led science-based company', 'Annual General Meeting', 'pro rata basis', 'global, purpose-led company', 'The English lan', 'negative tax consequences', 'five trading days', 'future (financial) performance', 'total dividend amount', 'corresponding cash value', 'stock dividend rights', 'financial year', 'withholding tax', 'actual performance', 'ordinary share', 'conversion rate', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'Ex-dividend quotation', 'Paying agent', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'exchange ratio', 'Royal DSM', 'cash dividend', 'total number', 'maximum percentage', 'VWAP determination', 'shareholder register', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'additional shares', 'More information', 'cash payment', 'DSM shares', 'DSM.', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'resolution', 'Shareholders', 'August', 'discretion', 'conditions', 'period', 'choice', '16 May', '27 May', '00pm', 'extent', 'profit', 'reserves', 'order', 'aggregate', 'distribution', 'remainder', '30 May', '23 May', 'rounding', '3 June', 'Timetable', 'COB', 'Announcement', 'Delivery', 'broker', 'settlement', 'fractions', 'place', 'agency', 'nl', 'abnamro', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'society', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'respect', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'law', '31']",2022-05-05,2022-05-10,finanznachrichten.de
4604,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/maat-pharma-announces-resignation-independent-160000382.html,MaaT Pharma Announces Resignation of an Independent Board Member,"MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer announced today the resignation of Mrs.","LYON  France  May 10  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer announced today the resignation of Mrs. Martine George from her position as member of the Board of Directors for personal reasons  with effect from June 1st  2022. Her mandate will therefore not be renewed at the Annual General Meeting scheduled on May 31st  2022.The Board of Directors of the Company would like to thank Mrs. George for her contribution to the Board throughout her time in office. Starting June 1st  2022  the Board of Directors will be composed of 6 members  including 3 independent members  and will be looking to fill the open position with a member that meets the development needs of MaaT Pharma.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Story continuesView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220510006158/en/ContactsMaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsHervé AFFAGARDCo-Founder and CEOSiân Crouzet  COO/ CFO+33 4 28 29 14 00invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 07 55 25 36prichaud@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications – Corporate and Medical CommunicationsJacob VERGHESE or Gretchen SCHWEITZER+49 89 2070 89831maat@trophic.eu",neutral,0.03,0.68,0.28,mixed,0.49,0.3,0.21,True,English,"['Independent Board Member', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Resignation', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'Annual General Meeting', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'Siân Crouzet', 'novel disease targets', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'Mrs. Martine George', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Mrs. George', 'Phase 2 trial', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome-based therapies', 'versus-host disease', 'microbiome therapies', 'Medical Communications', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'personal reasons', 'June 1st', 'May 31st', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'source version', 'Investor Relations', 'Hervé AFFAGARD', 'COO/ CFO', 'Media Relations', 'Pauline RICHAUD', 'Senior PR', 'Jacob VERGHESE', 'Gretchen SCHWEITZER', 'Trophic Communications', 'first company', 'MaaT Pharma', '3 independent members', 'open position', 'acute GvHD', 'Euronext Paris', 'development needs', '6 members', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'patients', 'cancer', 'resignation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'effect', 'mandate', 'contribution', 'time', 'office', 'oncology', 'graft', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'ticker', 'Story', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'prichaud', 'maat-pharma']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,finance.yahoo.com
4605,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Our findings indicate that 30% of companies in EuroNext revised their financials in 2021 for 2020 and 2019 years. S… https://t.co/wC6BHIGuvb,nan,Our findings indicate that 30% of companies in EuroNext revised their financials in 2021 for 2020 and 2019 years. S… https://t.co/wC6BHIGuvb,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,neutral,0.06,0.89,0.05,True,English,"['findings', 'companies', 'EuroNext', 'financials', '2019 years', 'wC6BHIGuvb', '2020', 'findings', 'companies', 'EuroNext', 'financials', '2019 years', 'wC6BHIGuvb', '2020']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4606,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Release: TNS Live with Managed Layer 1 Access in Bergamo IT3 Following Euronext Move https://t.co/M6LWingDCY,nan,Release: TNS Live with Managed Layer 1 Access in Bergamo IT3 Following Euronext Move https://t.co/M6LWingDCY,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Managed Layer 1 Access', 'Euronext Move', 'Release', 'TNS', 'Bergamo', 'M6LWingDCY', 'Managed Layer 1 Access', 'Euronext Move', 'Release', 'TNS', 'Bergamo', 'M6LWingDCY']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4607,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Transgene appoints Steven Bloom as Chief Business Officer        Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech compa… https://t.co/UumSsQ1l2t,nan,Transgene appoints Steven Bloom as Chief Business Officer        Transgene (Euronext Paris: TNG)  a biotech compa… https://t.co/UumSsQ1l2t,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Chief Business Officer', 'Steven Bloom', 'Euronext Paris', 'biotech compa', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'UumSsQ1l2t', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Steven Bloom', 'Euronext Paris', 'biotech compa', 'Transgene', 'TNG', 'UumSsQ1l2t']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4608,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,TNS Live with Managed Layer 1 Access in Bergamo IT3 Following Euronext Move https://t.co/zYNkHAyo7R https://t.co/EH0T3oID6Y,nan,TNS Live with Managed Layer 1 Access in Bergamo IT3 Following Euronext Move https://t.co/zYNkHAyo7R https://t.co/EH0T3oID6Y,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Managed Layer 1 Access', 'Euronext Move', 'TNS', 'Bergamo', 'zYNkHAyo7R', 'EH0T3oID6Y', 'Managed Layer 1 Access', 'Euronext Move', 'TNS', 'Bergamo', 'zYNkHAyo7R', 'EH0T3oID6Y']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4609,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,TNS Live with Managed Layer 1 Access in Bergamo IT3 Following Euronext Move; Customers benefit from seamless Manage… https://t.co/NfMr2G6LfR,nan,TNS Live with Managed Layer 1 Access in Bergamo IT3 Following Euronext Move; Customers benefit from seamless Manage… https://t.co/NfMr2G6LfR,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Managed Layer 1 Access', 'Euronext Move', 'seamless Manage', 'TNS', 'Bergamo', 'Customers', 'NfMr2G6LfR', 'Managed Layer 1 Access', 'Euronext Move', 'seamless Manage', 'TNS', 'Bergamo', 'Customers', 'NfMr2G6LfR']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
4610,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,On this day in 2016  @Euronext announced the launch of the first physically-deliverable futures contract for nitrog… https://t.co/h3EkdcJ7X1,nan,On this day in 2016  @Euronext announced the launch of the first physically-deliverable futures contract for nitrog… https://t.co/h3EkdcJ7X1,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['first physically-deliverable futures contract', 'day', 'launch', 'nitrog', 'h3EkdcJ7X1', 'first physically-deliverable futures contract', 'day', 'launch', 'nitrog', 'h3EkdcJ7X1']",2022-05-10,2022-05-10,Unknown
