UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
17877,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Submit your best caption to @COZITV for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Goo… https://t.co/IPQss1tDb4,nan,Submit your best caption to @COZITV for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Goo… https://t.co/IPQss1tDb4,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance', 'Goo', 'IPQss1tDb4', 'indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance', 'Goo', 'IPQss1tDb4']",2023-02-07,2023-02-10,Unknown
17878,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/Jbu3LCGpib,nan,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/Jbu3LCGpib,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Jbu3LCGpib', 'Jbu3LCGpib']",2023-02-07,2023-02-10,Unknown
17879,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📅Catch up with the Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow 2023 💡Get the latest on #DLT and reducing costs and friction… https://t.co/JgysskyHKk,nan,📅Catch up with the Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow 2023 💡Get the latest on #DLT and reducing costs and friction… https://t.co/JgysskyHKk,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow', 'costs', 'friction', 'JgysskyHKk', 'Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow', 'costs', 'friction', 'JgysskyHKk']",2023-02-06,2023-02-10,Unknown
17880,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream develops relationship with Ukraine. Clearstream is to expand its relationship with Ukraine’s capital ma… https://t.co/q5iOomG2zt,nan,Clearstream develops relationship with Ukraine. Clearstream is to expand its relationship with Ukraine’s capital ma… https://t.co/q5iOomG2zt,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['capital ma', 'Clearstream', 'relationship', 'Ukraine', 'q5iOomG2zt', 'capital ma', 'Clearstream', 'relationship', 'Ukraine', 'q5iOomG2zt']",2023-02-06,2023-02-10,Unknown
17881,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@pope_head Look up Cardinal Rampolla and IOR/clearstream,nan,@pope_head Look up Cardinal Rampolla and IOR/clearstream,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Cardinal Rampolla', 'IOR', 'Cardinal Rampolla', 'IOR']",2023-02-04,2023-02-10,Unknown
18039,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/571216-euroclear-russia-frozen-assets/,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros,Euroclear has stopped accepting transfers in Russian currency and begun converting ruble balances into euros Read Full Article at RT.com,Euroclear  the EU’s leading securities transactions company  began converting ruble balances into euros on Wednesday  without the consent of account holders. The Belgium-based clearing house has deci… [+2040 chars],neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'leading securities transactions company', 'Belgium-based clearing house', 'ruble balances', 'account holders', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'Wednesday', 'consent', 'The', '2040 chars']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,rt.com
18040,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nexstim-plc-approved-delisting-application-161500762.html,Nexstim Plc: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,Company Announcement  Helsinki  9 February 2023 at 6.15 PM (EET) Nexstim Plc: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq...,"Nexstim OyjCompany Announcement  Helsinki  9 February 2023 at 6.15 PM (EET)Nexstim Plc: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNexstim Plc shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the trading code: NXTMH (ISIN code: FI4000506811)Nexstim Plc (NXTMH:HEX  NXTMS:STO) (""Nexstim"" or ""Company"") announced on February 8  2023  that it has applied for delisting of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”).Nasdaq Stockholm AB approved the application February 9  2023 and decided to delist the shares of Nexstim (trading code NXTMS  ISIN code FI4000506811) from Nasdaq FN GM Sweden.The last day of trading in the shares of Nexstim on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden shall be April 14  2023.The Company wants to remind Nexstim’s shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of Nexstim’s shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in Nexstim’s shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.Aqurat Fondkommission AB acts as Nexstim’s Issuing Agent and will coordinate the conversion process:Instructive letter will be distributed to directly registered shareholders and to all custodiansThe instructive letter explains the conversion process and actions to be takenCross-border settlement will be done weeklyShareholders should contact their respective custodian or Nexstim’s Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB (info@aqurat.se) for more information.Further information is available on the website www.nexstim.com  or by contacting:Mikko Karvinen  CEO+358 50 326 4101mikko.karvinen@nexstim.comThe Company’s Certified Advisor is Erik Penser Bank.About Nexstim PlcNexstim is a Finnish  globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company. Our mission is to enable personalized and effective diagnostics and therapies for challenging brain diseases and disorders.Story continuesNexstim has developed a world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology for navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation (nTMS) with highly sophisticated 3D navigation providing accurate and personalized targeting of the TMS to the specific area of the brain.Nexstim’s Diagnostics Business focuses on commercialization of the Navigated Brain Stimulation (NBS) system. The NBS system is the only FDA cleared and CE marked navigated TMS system for pre-surgical mapping of the speech and motor cortices of the brain.Nexstim’s Therapy Business markets and sells the Navigated Brain Therapy (NBT®) system  which is FDA cleared for marketing and commercial distribution for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the United States. In Europe  the NBT® system is CE marked for the treatment of major depression and chronic neuropathic pain.Nexstim shares are listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden.For more information  please visit www.nexstim.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.18,0.52,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nexstim Plc', 'delisting application', 'secondary listing', 'Finnish, globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology', 'Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Nexstim Oyj Company Announcement', 'Nasdaq Stockholm AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Finland Oy.', 'transcranial magnetic stimulation', 'Erik Penser Bank', 'sophisticated 3D navigation', 'chronic neuropathic pain', 'major depressive disorder', 'challenging brain diseases', 'Therapy Business markets', 'Nexstim Plc shares', 'Brain Therapy', 'The Company', 'Diagnostics Business', 'major depression', 'trading code', 'ISIN code', 'last day', 'cross-border settlement', 'book-entry system', 'conversion process', 'Instructive letter', 'respective custodian', 'Certified Advisor', 'effective diagnostics', 'specific area', 'NBS) system', 'NBS system', 'pre-surgical mapping', 'motor cortices', 'NBT®) system', 'commercial distribution', 'United States', 'NBT® system', 'secondary listing', 'Mikko Karvinen', 'personalized targeting', 'TMS system', 'Further information', 'delisting application', 'Nexstim shares', 'Helsinki', '9 February', 'EET', 'NXTMH', 'NXTMS', 'April', 'shareholders', 'custodians', 'actions', 'website', 'CEO', 'disorders', 'Story', 'nTMS', 'accurate', 'commercialization', 'FDA', 'speech', 'marketing', 'treatment', 'MDD', 'Europe', 'Attachment', '6.15']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18041,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-innofactor-070500120.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc,Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish time The shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting ...,"Innofactor PlcInnofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish timeThe shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday  March 31  2023  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting slips will commence at 8:30 AM at the meeting location.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2022Review by the CEO.7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of assetsThe Board of Director’s proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2022.The Board of Directors proposes that for the financial period of 2022 repayment of capital of EUR 0 06 per share is paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 5  2023 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 14  2023.The Board of Directors also proposes that the General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals 2 459 293 EUR. It is proposed that the authorization include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. It is also proposed that the authorization remain valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.Story continues9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Presentation of the remuneration reportAnnual General Meeting’s advisory decision for approval of the remuneration reportThe report is available on the company’s website on March 10  2023 at latestwww.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes in accordance with the Remuneration Committee’s submission that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company’s possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2023. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of the member of the Board of Directors be confirmed to four (4).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén  Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a one-year term and their term of office will continuing until the closure of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the election. Detailed presentation of the nominees can be found the company’s website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.The Board of Directors has decided on its proposal after discussing the matter with the largest shareholders of the company.14. Resolution on the auditor's feeThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to reasonable invoice.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  be re-elected as the auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that it will appoint Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the lead audit partner.16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares). The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization is proposed to include the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares.The authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.17. Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares).The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an weighty financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially weighty financial reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the authorization include also the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries as defined in Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization.This authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.18. Closing the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice to the meeting is available on Innofactor Plc's web site at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/. Innofactor Plc's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and auditing report will be available on Friday March 10  2023  at the latest  at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/releases-publications-and-reports/. The above mentioned documents will also be available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available within two weeks of the meeting at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.C. Instructions for the participants of the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  by Tuesday March 21  2023  has the right to attend the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wants to attend the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on Tuesday  March 28  2023  at 10:00 AM at which time the registration must have been received.Registration to the General Meeting can be done:a) by email: yhtiokokous@innofactor.fi;b) by telephone: +358 40 808 5266 (CEO's assistant Anu Vänni)  Monday–Friday at 10 AM–4 PM; orc) by mail: Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall state his/her name  personal identification number/company number  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible representative  assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of the representative or proxy representative.The personal information given to Innofactor Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related to it.At the location of the meeting  the shareholder or his/her representative or proxy representative shall be able to present proof of identity and/or right to represent  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolder of nominee registered shares shall have the right to attend the General Meeting on the basis of those shares  which would give him/her the right to be registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Tuesday March 21  2023. Attending the meeting also requires that these shareholder's shares are temporarily registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 10:00 AM at the latest. For nominee registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and the registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to attend the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time specified above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder attends the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered in originals to ""Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland"" before the end of the registration period.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice of the meeting  February 9  2023  Innofactor Plc has a total of 37 388 225 shares of one type and representing an equal amount of votes.We welcome the shareholders to the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  February 9  2023INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its over 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has over 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmilesAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Notice', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', 'lead audit partner', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual accounts', 'public trading', 'Young Oy', 'meeting location', 'Innofactor Plc', '9:05 Finnish time', 'voting slips', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'record date', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'advisory decision', 'two weeks', 'reasonable invoice', 'Juha Hilmola', 'Remuneration Committee', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'interim report', 'shareholders’ register', 'largest shareholders', 'January 1–March', 'one-year term', 'Detailed presentation', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', 'entire fee', 'other members', 'Board member', 'capital repayment', '2022 repayment', 'Notice', 'February', 'Friday', '9:00 AM', 'office', 'Keilaranta', 'Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', '8:30 AM', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'assets', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'Story', 'discharge', 'liability', 'approval', 'website', 'accordance', 'submission', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'cash', 'shares', 'possession', 'behalf', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'number', 'nominees', 'consent', 'proposal', 'Ernst', '16.']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18042,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-withsecure-080000857.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation The shareholders of WithSecure Corporation are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which...,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure CorporationThe shareholders of WithSecure Corporation are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Tuesday 21 March 2023 starting at 3:00 p.m. EET.The meeting will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16(2) of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ‘Companies Act’)  so that shareholders may exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either via remote connection or at the meeting venue at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland (event venue Eliel  Sanomatalo). Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 2:00 p.m. EET. Instructions concerning participation via remote connection are provided in section C. 2. of this notice and instructions concerning advance voting in section C. 3.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022The CEO will give a review of the year 2022 and tell about the Company’s prospects for the year 2023.WithSecure Corporation’s annual review  including WithSecure Corporation’s annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors  consolidated annual accounts and auditor’s report  shall be available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 9 February 2023.Story continues7. Adoption of the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts the annual accounts for the financial year 1 January 2022–31 December 2022.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Company’s dividend policy is to pay approximately half of its annual profits as dividends. On 31 December 2022  WithSecure Corporation’s distributable funds totalled EUR 143.3 million  of which net result for the financial year was EUR -13.7 million. No material changes have taken place in the company’s financial position after the date of the balance sheet.WithSecure Corporation’s Board of Directors proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2022 due to the loss-making net result of the year. Company will focus on funding its growth and developing the business.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for governing bodies shall be available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 9 February 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain unchanged and be paid as follows: EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors  EUR 48 000 for the Committee Chairmen  EUR 38 000 for the members of the Board of Directors and EUR 12 667 for a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. The Committee proposes that approximately 40% of the annual remuneration be paid as the Company’s shares. The Company will be responsible for the possible transaction costs and possible transfer tax levied in connection with purchase of the shares. The travel expenses and other costs of the members of the Board of Directors directly related to board work are paid in accordance with the Company’s compensation policy in force from time to time. Each member of the Board of Directors is paid a predetermined travel fee in addition to travel expenses for meetings held outside their country of residence. A separate travel fee of EUR 1 000 is paid to the members of the Board of Directors who travel from another European country to attend an on-site meeting. The travel fee is EUR 2 000 for intercontinental travel. No separate travel fee is paid to a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. In addition  the Chairman of the Board of Directors is offered assistant and administrative services.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors be seven (7).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that Risto Siilasmaa  Keith Bannister  Päivi Rekonen  Kirsi Sormunen and Tuomas Syrjänen are to be re-elected as ordinary members of the Board of Directors and that Ciaran Martin and Camilla Perselli  who is employed by WithSecure Corporation  are to be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current Board members  Pertti Ervi has stated that he will no longer be available as a Board member.The Board member candidates’ CVs and assessments of independence are available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the remuneration to the auditor be paid in accordance with the approved invoice.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as auditor of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Mr Jukka Karinen  APA  will act as the responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of a maximum of 17 459 800 of the Company’s own shares in total. The proposed maximum amount equals to approximately 10% of all the shares in the Company  in one or several tranches with the Company’s unrestricted equity.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase also in deviation from the proportional holdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorisation comprises the repurchase of shares either in the public trading or otherwise in the market at the trading price determined for the shares in public trading on the date of purchase  or with a purchase offer to the shareholders  in which case the repurchase price must be the same for all shareholders. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business or for optimising the Company’s capital structure  to be used as part of the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 16 March 2022 concerning the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 17 459 800 shares in total through a share issue as well as by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of the shares corresponds to 10% of all shares in the Company. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms related to the share issue as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used for potential acquisitions or other arrangements  for share-based incentive schemes or otherwise for purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 16 March 2022 concerning the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association concerning the Annual General Meeting be amended to allow for the General Meeting to be held completely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting. The Board of Directors’ proposition for amending Article 10 of the Articles of Association is included in Appendix 1 attached to this notice.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe resolution proposals for the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting mentioned above and this notice are available on WithSecure Corporation’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. WithSecure Corporation’s annual review including the Company’s annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report for WithSecure Corporation’s governing bodies are available on said website on 9 February 2023 at the latest. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on 4 April 2023.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 9 March 2023  the record date of the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.Registration for the General Meeting begins on 10 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account and who wishes to participate in the meeting must register for the meeting at the latest on 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET  by which time the notice of participation must be received by the Company. Shareholders can register for the meeting by one of the following means:Online through the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Online registration requires strong electronic identification from the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative using online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. By email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID and contact information as well as the name and date of birth of the shareholder’s possible assistant and/or proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to WithSecure Corporation or Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations.It must also be stated in connection with the registration whether the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative will participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Instructions concerning remote participation are provided in section C. 2. of these instructions.Upon request  shareholders  their representatives or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Additional information on registration  remote participation and advance voting is available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period of the General Meeting between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon EET and between 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. EET on weekdays.2. Remote participation in the meetingShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection.A notice given by shareholders or proxy representatives that they will participate in the General Meeting via remote connection is binding  and after the end of the registration period the shareholders or proxy representatives do not have the right to change their means of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting venue. However  a notice of participation via remote connection given by a shareholder’s proxy representative does not limit the right of the shareholder’s other proxy representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting venue.The remote connection to the General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Oyj’s virtual AGM service using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require software or downloads subject to a charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio playback as well as a microphone for oral questions and comments. The following browsers are recommended for remote participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari and Opera. Shareholders are responsible for their internet connections and devices during the meeting. In order to prepare for technical failures  it is recommended that shareholders who participate in the meeting remotely vote in advance.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration by the day before the meeting  20 March 2023  at 4:00 p.m. EET at the latest. It is recommended to log in to the meeting system before the meeting starts.3. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda between 10 February 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET and 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET in the following ways:Online through the service available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Shareholders can sign in to the advance voting service the same way as to the online registration service referred to above in section C. 1. a) of these instructions. By mail or email by sending the advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd  by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received before the advance voting period expires.A proposed resolution that is subject to advance voting is considered to be presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote at the real-time General Meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholders who voted in advance are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. Unless shareholders voting in advance are present at the General Meeting in person  by way of proxy representation or via remote connection  they will not be able to use their rights under the Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.4. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  9 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate requires that the holder of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting  and advance voting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.A holder of nominee registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Remote participation requires temporary entry into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy and submission of an email address and telephone number of the holder of nominee registered shares by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi before the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares expires so that an attendance link and password can be sent to the holder of nominee registered shares for participating in the General Meeting remotely.5. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise the shareholder rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner instructed in section C. 3. Of these instructions.The proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate such representative’s right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.A proxy template is available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.Proxy documents are to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. WithSecure Corporation may  if it so wishes  demand original proxy documents if regarded necessary by the Company.In addition to submitting a proxy document  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall ensure that they register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in section C. 1. Of these instructions.If a proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  it is recommended to vote in advance. If the proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection  a separate attendance link and password will be provided for each shareholder represented. The proxy representative shall ensure the exercise of shareholders’ rights by logging into the service on behalf of each shareholder separately.A shareholder who is a legal person may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting is Finnish.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.On the date of this notice  Thursday  9 February 2023  the total number of shares in WithSecure Corporation is 174 598 739 shares  which represent an equal number of votes. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 71 795 treasury shares. Treasury shares do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.Helsinki  9 February 2023WITHSECURE CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsContact information:Tiina Sarhimaa  Chief Legal OfficerWithSecure CorporationLaura Viita  Investor Relations DirectorWithSecure Corporation+358 50 487 1044investor-relations@withsecure.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.2,0.48,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'possible transfer tax', 'Päivi Rekonen', 'possible transaction costs', 'loss-making net result', 'separate travel fee', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other costs', 'travel expenses', 'intercontinental travel', 'annual profits', 'annual remuneration', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Tuesday 21 March', 'shareholder rights', 'event venue', 'voting rights', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'material changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'administrative services', 'Risto Siilasmaa', 'Keith Bannister', 'Kirsi Sormunen', 'Personnel Committee', 'Committee Chairmen', 'annual review', 'hybrid meeting', 'remote connection', 'meeting venue', 'section C.', 'site meeting', 'advance voting', 'compensation policy', 'European country', 'financial year', 'The Company', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', 'board work', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'address', '00100 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Eliel', 'Sanomatalo', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'prospects', 'website', 'investor', 'relations', 'governance', '9 February', 'Story', 'December', 'Resolution', 'use', 'half', 'dividends', 'place', 'growth', 'business', 'discharge', 'members', 'Consideration', 'recommendation', 'Chairman', 'shares', 'purchase', 'force', 'time', 'addition', 'meetings', 'residence', 'assistant', 'number', 'Tuoma', '3:00', '2:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18043,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-lassila-061000277.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc,Lassila & Tikanoja plc Stock exchange release 9 February 2023 at 08:10 a.m. Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc Notice is given to...,Lassila & Tikanoja plcLassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release9 February 2023 at 08:10 a.m.Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Lassila & Tikanoja plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 4:00 pm in Valkea talo  at the address of Ilkantie 4  Haaga  00400 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 3:00 pm.Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEO.Adoption of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0 47 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for dividend payment  27 March 2023. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 3 April 2023.Story continuesResolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors as of 2 March 2023 at the latest.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged and is as follows:– Chairman  EUR 60 000 per year;– Vice-Chairman  EUR 40 000 per year; and– members  EUR 30 000 per year.It is proposed that the fees be paid so that 40% of the annual fee is paid in Lassila & Tikanoja’s shares held by the Company or  if this is not feasible  shares acquired from the market  and 60% in cash. Shares are to be issued to Board members and  where necessary  acquired directly from the market on behalf of Board members on the third trading day after the publication of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s interim report for the first quarter of 2023.In addition  it is proposed that the following unchanged fees be paid: EUR 1 000 per meeting to the Chairman  EUR 700 per meeting to the Vice-Chairman and EUR 500 per meeting to the other members of the Board. In accordance with the proposal  meeting fees will also be paid to the Chairman and members of committees established by the Board of Directors as follows: Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6).Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  and Pasi Tolppanen are re-elected to the Board of Directors from among the current members and Anni Ronkainen is elected as a new member. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen is elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman.Of the current members  Laura Tarkka has announced that she is no longer available for the election of the members of the Board of Directors.With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.All candidates have given their consent to the election and are independent of the Company and its significant shareholders.A presentation of Anni Ronkainen is available on Lassila & Tikanoja’s website at https://www.lt.fi/en/company/management-and-board-of-directors/board-of-directors. The current members of the Board of Directors are presented on the same page.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company.Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the Company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will appoint Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the Company’s auditor with principal responsibility.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 Company’s own shares using the Company’s non-restricted equity. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.The Company’s own shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (“Stock Exchange”) at the market price quoted at the time of the repurchase. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Ltd.The purpose of the share repurchase is to develop the Company’s capital structure and/or to use the shares as consideration in potential acquisitions  other business arrangements  as part of the Company’s share-based incentive programme  or to finance investments. The repurchased shares may either be held by the Company  or cancelled or conveyed.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the share repurchase. The share repurchase authorisation shall be valid for 18 months. The share repurchase authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations for repurchasing the Company's own shares.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more instalments  on issuance of new shares or shares possibly held by the Company through share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights entitling to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that by virtue of the authorisation altogether 2 000 000 shares may be issued and/or conveyed at the maximum. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.It is proposed that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of potential acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes subject to the Board of Directors’ decision.It is proposed that the authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms and conditions of the share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The authorisation thus includes the right to issue shares also in a proportion other than that of the shareholders’ current shareholdings in the Company under the conditions provided in law  the right to issue shares against payment or without charge as well as the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the Company itself  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum amount of treasury shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid for 18 months. The authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 10 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.”10 § Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held annually by the end of April on the date decided by the Board of Directors. The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in the Company's domicile. The Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”In other respects  no amendments are proposed to the Articles of Association.Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThis notice  including all the proposals  is available on Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. The financial statements of Lassila & Tikanoja plc  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website on 2 March 2023 at the latest. The above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as of 6 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the General MeetingShareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on 13 March 2023 in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration and advance voting will begin on 10 February 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Monday 20 March 2023 at 10:00 am (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:a) on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investorsb) by email to agm@innovatics.fic) by telephone +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am-12:00pm and 1:00-4:00pm (Finnish time)d) by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520  Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number/date of birth/company identification number  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number/date of birth of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Lassila & Tikanoja plc and Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  his/her representative or proxy representative shall  on demand  be able to prove their identity and/or right to representation at the venue.Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on 13 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 20 March 2023  by 10:00 am. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the Company's shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information on the is also available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as attachments in connection with electronic or e-mail registration or alternatively as originals by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or his/her proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication in the general meeting service when registering  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank codes or mobile certificate. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Advance votingA shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account and who wants to participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 10 February 2023 to 20 March 2023 10:00 am.a) on the Company’s website www.lt.fi/en/investors; orb) by mail or email by submitting the advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to vote on a possible counterproposal unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the voting form are available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.On the date of this notice of the General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Lassila & Tikanoja plc is 38 798 874.Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting unless the shareholder has voted in advance.Helsinki  8 February 2023LASSILA & TIKANOJA OYJBoard of DirectorsFor additional information  please contactSirpa Huopalainen  General Counsel  puh. +358 40 596 5241Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs 8 371 people. In 2022  the company’s net sales amounted to EUR 844.1 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.61,0.31,0.08,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Tikanoja Plc', 'Notice', 'Lassila', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'third trading day', 'Teemu Kangas-Kärki', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'liability Remuneration Report', 'financial statements Resolution', 'The Board', 'annual fee', 'shareholders rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'significant shareholders', 'Valkea talo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'lt.fi', 'interim report', 'first quarter', 'Laura Lares', 'Jukka Leinonen', 'Pasi Tolppanen', 'Anni Ronkainen', 'new member', 'Laura Tarkka', 'Tikanoja plc', 'unchanged fees', 'financial year', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'other members', 'ordinary members', 'current members', 'meeting fees', 'Sakari Lassila', 'Vice Chairman', 'Board members', '08:10 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'address', 'Ilkantie', 'Haaga', '00400 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'basis', '3 April', 'Story', 'discharge', 'accordance', 'Vice-Chairman', 'shares', 'market', 'cash', 'behalf', 'publication', 'addition', 'committees', 'number', 'procedure', 'candidates', 'consent', '4:00', '3:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18044,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605289/0/en/Nexstim-Plc-Approved-delisting-application-regarding-the-secondary-listing-on-the-Nasdaq-First-North-Growth-Market-Sweden.html,Nexstim Plc: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden,Company Announcement  Helsinki  9 February 2023 at 6.15 PM (EET)  Nexstim Plc: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the...,"English Finnish SwedishCompany Announcement  Helsinki  9 February 2023 at 6.15 PM (EET)Nexstim Plc: Approved delisting application regarding the secondary listing on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market SwedenNexstim Plc shares will be traded solely on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the trading code: NXTMH (ISIN code: FI4000506811)Nexstim Plc (NXTMH:HEX  NXTMS:STO) (""Nexstim"" or ""Company"") announced on February 8  2023  that it has applied for delisting of its shares from Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden (“Nasdaq FN GM Sweden”).Nasdaq Stockholm AB approved the application February 9  2023 and decided to delist the shares of Nexstim (trading code NXTMS  ISIN code FI4000506811) from Nasdaq FN GM Sweden.The last day of trading in the shares of Nexstim on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden shall be April 14  2023.The Company wants to remind Nexstim’s shareholders holding their shares through Euroclear Sweden AB that even while the listing of Nexstim’s shares on Nasdaq FN GM Sweden will be discontinued  such shareholders can continue trading in Nexstim’s shares on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland by first arranging for the cross-border settlement of their shares into the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.Aqurat Fondkommission AB acts as Nexstim’s Issuing Agent and will coordinate the conversion process:Instructive letter will be distributed to directly registered shareholders and to all custodiansThe instructive letter explains the conversion process and actions to be takenCross-border settlement will be done weeklyShareholders should contact their respective custodian or Nexstim’s Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB (info@aqurat.se) for more information.Further information is available on the website www.nexstim.com  or by contacting:Mikko Karvinen  CEO+358 50 326 4101mikko.karvinen@nexstim.comThe Company’s Certified Advisor is Erik Penser Bank.About Nexstim PlcNexstim is a Finnish  globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company. Our mission is to enable personalized and effective diagnostics and therapies for challenging brain diseases and disorders.Nexstim has developed a world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology for navigated transcranial magnetic stimulation (nTMS) with highly sophisticated 3D navigation providing accurate and personalized targeting of the TMS to the specific area of the brain.Nexstim’s Diagnostics Business focuses on commercialization of the Navigated Brain Stimulation (NBS) system. The NBS system is the only FDA cleared and CE marked navigated TMS system for pre-surgical mapping of the speech and motor cortices of the brain.Nexstim’s Therapy Business markets and sells the Navigated Brain Therapy (NBT®) system  which is FDA cleared for marketing and commercial distribution for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the United States. In Europe  the NBT® system is CE marked for the treatment of major depression and chronic neuropathic pain.Nexstim shares are listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland and Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden.For more information  please visit www.nexstim.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.37,0.63,True,English,"['Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nexstim Plc', 'delisting application', 'secondary listing', 'Finnish, globally operating growth-oriented medical technology company', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland', 'English Finnish Swedish Company Announcement', 'world-leading non-invasive brain stimulation technology', 'Issuing Agent Aqurat Fondkommission AB', 'Nasdaq FN GM Sweden', 'Nasdaq Stockholm AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Euroclear Finland Oy.', 'transcranial magnetic stimulation', 'Erik Penser Bank', 'sophisticated 3D navigation', 'chronic neuropathic pain', 'major depressive disorder', 'challenging brain diseases', 'Therapy Business markets', 'The NBS system', 'The Company', 'Nexstim Plc shares', 'Brain Therapy', 'NBS) system', 'Diagnostics Business', 'major depression', 'book-entry system', 'NBT®) system', 'NBT® system', 'trading code', 'ISIN code', 'last day', 'cross-border settlement', 'conversion process', 'Instructive letter', 'respective custodian', 'Certified Advisor', 'effective diagnostics', 'specific area', 'pre-surgical mapping', 'motor cortices', 'commercial distribution', 'United States', 'TMS system', 'secondary listing', 'Mikko Karvinen', 'personalized targeting', 'Further information', 'delisting application', 'Nexstim shares', 'Helsinki', '9 February', 'EET', 'NXTMH', 'NXTMS', 'April', 'shareholders', 'custodians', 'actions', 'website', 'CEO', 'disorders', 'nTMS', 'accurate', 'commercialization', 'FDA', 'speech', 'marketing', 'treatment', 'MDD', 'Europe', 'Attachment', '6.15']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18045,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MAPFRE-S-A-195228/news/Mapfre-S-A-Appointments-42937431/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Mapfre S A : Appointments,(marketscreener.com)  Appointments     View Larger Image       0.0   00    The Board of Directors has approved proposing to the Annual General Meeting the appointment of Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi and Elena Sanz Isla as members of...https…,0.0 00The Board of Directors has approved proposing to the Annual General Meeting the appointment of Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi and Elena Sanz Isla as members of the Board of Directors.Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi holds a degree in Finance from the American University and has an MBA in Finance and International Business from Columbia University. He has extensive experience in the finance field  where he has held senior positions of responsibility at Citigroup  where he worked for 38 years  both in Europe and America. He is currently president of Euroclear Holding.Elena Sanz Isla has a degree in Economics and Business Administration from the University of Alcalá de Henares and a Master's Degree in Risk and Insurance Management from the Pontifical University of Salamanca. She has developed her professional career at MAPFRE in both finance and human resources functions in Spain and Argentina. She is currently the Group Chief People Officer in the Corporate People and Organization Area at MAPFRE and a member of the Executive Committee. She also oversees Sustainability for the Group and has been a member of the Fundación MAPFRE Board of Trustees since 2021.Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi will serve on the Board of Directors as an independent board director  while Elena Sanz will do so as an executive board director.Once both appointments have been formalized  MAPFRE's most senior decision-making body will comprise a total of 15 members  more than half of whom are independent directors. In addition  a further step is taken in the internationalization of the Board  which features three nationalities (Spanish  Brazilian and Italian). The presence of women on the Board also increases  where they now represent 47% of the total members.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Mapfre S A', 'Appointments', ""Francesco Vanni d'Archirafi"", 'Group Chief People Officer', 'Fundación MAPFRE Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Alcalá de Henares', 'human resources functions', 'senior decision-making body', 'Elena Sanz Isla', 'independent board director', 'executive board director', 'Corporate People', 'senior positions', 'Executive Committee', 'International Business', 'extensive experience', 'Euroclear Holding', 'Business Administration', 'Insurance Management', 'professional career', 'Organization Area', 'three nationalities', 'American University', 'Columbia University', 'Pontifical University', 'independent directors', 'finance field', 'total members', '15 members', 'appointment', 'degree', 'MBA', 'responsibility', 'Citigroup', '38 years', 'Europe', 'president', 'Economics', 'Master', 'Risk', 'Salamanca', 'Spain', 'Argentina', 'Sustainability', 'Trustees', 'half', 'addition', 'step', 'internationalization', 'Spanish', 'Italian', 'presence', 'women']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18046,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORION-OYJ-1412508/news/Orion-Oyj-Personal-data-protection-42939022/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Orion Oyj : Personal data protection,(marketscreener.com)   INFORMATION NOTICE   General Data Protection Regulation     Articles 13 and 14   Date of drafting: February 6th  2019   Updated: February 8th  2023   Version: 1.4.   We may update or revise this Information Notice...…,The legal basis for processing of the personal data is the fulfilment of theInformation contained in the register may be shared with other third parties whoInnovatics Ltd and the service provider for the service making it possible totake the above actions. Only shareholders of Orion Corporation who are on theCorporation to be able to identify the shareholder's shareholding and right toorder for the shareholder to be able to identify themself and for OrionThe purpose of this register is to enable register for and participation in theWe may update or revise this Information Notice at any time  with any notice to you as may be required under applicable law.2(624/2006)  section 5  paragraphs § 3  § 6 and §7  Act on Temporary Deviation from the Finnish Companies Act and Certain Other Community Acts (375/2021)  section 2).Notwithstanding the foregoing  the legal basis for the processing of the personal data in connection with and relating to following the Annual General Meeting via webcast is the legitimate interest of the controller (EU General Data Protection Regulation  Article 6.1f)) to identify the shareholders entitled to follow the Annual General Meeting to be able to offer them the opportunity to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast.We only process personal data based on our legitimate interest in case we have based on the weighing of interest carried out by us concluded that the rights and freedoms of the data subjects do not override our legitimate interest.5. Content of the data file Innovatics Ltd operates as the service provider for the collection of the AGM registrations and advance votes and as the technical service provider for the Annual General Meeting. Innovatics Ltd may collect the following data: name  date of birth/personal identification number  address  phone number  e-mail address   number of shares and votes held and voting information  registration date  method of identification  basis for representation  information on possible assistant or power of attorney as well as any other information given in connection with the registration. Log data of the registration and avance voring as well as the user's IP address will also be recorded for the purposes of technical maintenance and monitoring of the service. The register includes the company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of the Annual General Meeting.Flik Helsinki Oy is the service provider for the service making it possible to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast. Flik Helsinki Oy may process the following data: identification and contact details (inter alia  name  e-mail address)  classifying information (inter alia  contact language)  user information (user id and password) as well as log data of logins to the webcast as well as of the use of the webcast.Orion Corporation collects and processes the shareholders' advance questions as well as any other information provided in connection therewith  such as identification and contact details and information on shareholding.6. Source of information When registering for and participating in the Annual General Meeting  voting in advance  registering to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast  making counterproposals and presenting advance questions  the person provides data about themself either directly or via his/her proxy representative. Innovatics Ltd cross-checks the identification details against the shareholder register of Orion Corporation maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  from which the ownership information is extracted. When giving an authorization  the person also provides the necessary personal data of the proxy representative.The necessary identification details will be passed on to Flik Helsinki Oy to enable following the Annual General Meeting via webcast.7. Transfers of personal Personal data is not transferred to countries outside the European Union or the,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Personal data protection', 'Orion Oyj', 'EU General Data Protection Regulation', 'Certain Other Community Acts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Flik Helsinki Oy', 'other third parties', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'necessary personal data', 'personal Personal data', 'necessary identification details', 'technical service provider', 'personal identification number', ""shareholders' advance questions"", 'technical maintenance', 'other information', 'data subjects', 'data file', 'following data', 'Log data', 'contact details', 'Innovatics Ltd', 'applicable law', 'Temporary Deviation', 'AGM registrations', 'phone number', 'possible assistant', 'avance voring', 'contact language', 'proxy representative', 'European Union', 'legitimate interest', 'mail address', 'IP address', 'legal basis', 'record date', 'user id', 'voting information', 'classifying information', 'ownership information', 'Orion Corporation', 'advance votes', 'inter alia', 'user information', 'Information Notice', 'registration date', 'shareholder register', 'processing', 'fulfilment', 'actions', 'shareholding', 'right', 'order', 'purpose', 'participation', 'time', 'section', 'paragraphs', 'connection', 'webcast', 'controller', 'Article', 'opportunity', 'case', 'weighing', 'freedoms', 'Content', 'collection', 'name', 'shares', 'method', 'representation', 'power', 'attorney', 'monitoring', 'company', 'password', 'logins', 'Source', 'counterproposals', 'authorization', 'Transfers', 'countries']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18047,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604638/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Innofactor-Plc.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc,Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish time    The shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General......,"Finnish EnglishInnofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish timeThe shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday  March 31  2023  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting slips will commence at 8:30 AM at the meeting location.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2022Review by the CEO.7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of assetsThe Board of Director’s proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2022.The Board of Directors proposes that for the financial period of 2022 repayment of capital of EUR 0 06 per share is paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 5  2023 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 14  2023.The Board of Directors also proposes that the General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals 2 459 293 EUR. It is proposed that the authorization include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. It is also proposed that the authorization remain valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Presentation of the remuneration reportAnnual General Meeting’s advisory decision for approval of the remuneration reportThe report is available on the company’s website on March 10  2023 at latestwww.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes in accordance with the Remuneration Committee’s submission that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company’s possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2023. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of the member of the Board of Directors be confirmed to four (4).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén  Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a one-year term and their term of office will continuing until the closure of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the election. Detailed presentation of the nominees can be found the company’s website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.The Board of Directors has decided on its proposal after discussing the matter with the largest shareholders of the company.14. Resolution on the auditor's feeThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to reasonable invoice.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  be re-elected as the auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that it will appoint Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the lead audit partner.16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares). The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization is proposed to include the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares.The authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.17. Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares).The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an weighty financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially weighty financial reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the authorization include also the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries as defined in Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization.This authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.18. Closing the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice to the meeting is available on Innofactor Plc's web site at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/. Innofactor Plc's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and auditing report will be available on Friday March 10  2023  at the latest  at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/releases-publications-and-reports/. The above mentioned documents will also be available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available within two weeks of the meeting at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.C. Instructions for the participants of the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  by Tuesday March 21  2023  has the right to attend the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wants to attend the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on Tuesday  March 28  2023  at 10:00 AM at which time the registration must have been received.Registration to the General Meeting can be done:a) by email: yhtiokokous@innofactor.fi;b) by telephone: +358 40 808 5266 (CEO's assistant Anu Vänni)  Monday–Friday at 10 AM–4 PM; orc) by mail: Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall state his/her name  personal identification number/company number  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible representative  assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of the representative or proxy representative.The personal information given to Innofactor Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related to it.At the location of the meeting  the shareholder or his/her representative or proxy representative shall be able to present proof of identity and/or right to represent  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolder of nominee registered shares shall have the right to attend the General Meeting on the basis of those shares  which would give him/her the right to be registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Tuesday March 21  2023. Attending the meeting also requires that these shareholder's shares are temporarily registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 10:00 AM at the latest. For nominee registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and the registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to attend the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time specified above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder attends the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered in originals to ""Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland"" before the end of the registration period.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice of the meeting  February 9  2023  Innofactor Plc has a total of 37 388 225 shares of one type and representing an equal amount of votes.We welcome the shareholders to the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  February 9  2023INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its over 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has over 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmilesAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Notice', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', 'lead audit partner', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual accounts', 'public trading', 'Young Oy', 'meeting location', 'Finnish English', 'Innofactor Plc', '9:05 Finnish time', 'voting slips', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'record date', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'advisory decision', 'two weeks', 'reasonable invoice', 'Juha Hilmola', 'Remuneration Committee', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'interim report', 'shareholders’ register', 'largest shareholders', 'one-year term', 'Detailed presentation', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'entire fee', 'The Board', 'other members', 'Board member', 'capital repayment', '2022 repayment', 'Notice', 'February', 'Friday', 'March', '9:00 AM', 'office', 'Keilaranta', 'Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', '8:30 AM', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'assets', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'liability', 'approval', 'website', 'accordance', 'submission', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'cash', 'shares', 'possession', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'number', 'nominees', 'consent', 'proposal', 'Ernst']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18048,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNOFACTOR-OYJ-1412558/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Innofactor-Plc-42937304/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc,(marketscreener.com) Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish time The shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday  March 31  2023  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  E…,"Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish timeThe shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday  March 31  2023  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting slips will commence at 8:30 AM at the meeting location.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2022Review by the CEO.7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of assetsThe Board of Director’s proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2022.The Board of Directors proposes that for the financial period of 2022 repayment of capital of EUR 0 06 per share is paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 5  2023 are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 14  2023.The Board of Directors also proposes that the General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals 2 459 293 EUR. It is proposed that the authorization include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. It is also proposed that the authorization remain valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Presentation of the remuneration reportAnnual General Meeting’s advisory decision for approval of the remuneration reportThe report is available on the company’s website on March 10  2023 at latestwww.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes in accordance with the Remuneration Committee’s submission that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company’s possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1–March 31  2023. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the number of the member of the Board of Directors be confirmed to four (4).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes that Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén  Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a one-year term and their term of office will continuing until the closure of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the election. Detailed presentation of the nominees can be found the company’s website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.The Board of Directors has decided on its proposal after discussing the matter with the largest shareholders of the company.14. Resolution on the auditor's feeThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to reasonable invoice.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  be re-elected as the auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that it will appoint Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the lead audit partner.16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions:The General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company’s own capital (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares). The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company’s business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations.The authorization is proposed to include the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares.The authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares.17. Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company’s own shares in one or several parts (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares).The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors.The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights—as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act—which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an weighty financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially weighty financial reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the authorization include also the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries as defined in Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act.The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization.This authorization would be valid until June 30  2024.This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company’s own shares.18. Closing the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice to the meeting is available on Innofactor Plc's web site at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/. Innofactor Plc's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and auditing report will be available on Friday March 10  2023  at the latest  at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/releases-publications-and-reports/. The above mentioned documents will also be available at the General Meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting will be available within two weeks of the meeting at www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.C. Instructions for the participants of the General Meeting1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company  held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  by Tuesday March 21  2023  has the right to attend the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the company and who wants to attend the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on Tuesday  March 28  2023  at 10:00 AM at which time the registration must have been received.Registration to the General Meeting can be done:a) by email: yhtiokokous@innofactor.fi;b) by telephone: +358 40 808 5266 (CEO's assistant Anu Vänni)  Monday–Friday at 10 AM–4 PM; orc) by mail: Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall state his/her name  personal identification number/company number  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible representative  assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of the representative or proxy representative.The personal information given to Innofactor Plc is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related to it.At the location of the meeting  the shareholder or his/her representative or proxy representative shall be able to present proof of identity and/or right to represent  if necessary.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolder of nominee registered shares shall have the right to attend the General Meeting on the basis of those shares  which would give him/her the right to be registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Tuesday March 21  2023. Attending the meeting also requires that these shareholder's shares are temporarily registered in the shareholders' register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  on Tuesday March 28  2023  at 10:00 AM at the latest. For nominee registered shares  this is considered as registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and the registration for the General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to attend the General Meeting  to be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time specified above.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may attend the General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder attends the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered in originals to ""Innofactor Plc  General Meeting  Keilaranta 9  02150 Espoo  Finland"" before the end of the registration period.4. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice of the meeting  February 9  2023  Innofactor Plc has a total of 37 388 225 shares of one type and representing an equal amount of votes.We welcome the shareholders to the Annual General Meeting.Espoo  February 9  2023INNOFACTOR PLCBoard of DirectorsAdditional information:Sami Ensio  CEOInnofactor PlcTel. +358 50 584 2029Distribution:NASDAQ HelsinkiMain mediawww.innofactor.comInnofactorInnofactor is the leading driver of the modern digital organization in the Nordic Countries for its over 1 000 customers in commercial  public and third sector. Innofactor has the widest solution offering and leading know-how in the Microsoft ecosystem in the Nordics. Innofactor has over 500 enthusiastic and motivated top specialists in Finland  Sweden  Denmark and Norway. The Innofactor Plc share is listed in the technology section of the main list of NASDAQ Helsinki Oy. www.innofactor.com #ModernDigitalOrganization #HybridWork #PeopleFirst #CreatingSmilesAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Notice', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', 'lead audit partner', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'annual accounts', 'public trading', 'Young Oy', 'meeting location', 'Innofactor Plc', '9:05 Finnish time', 'voting slips', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'record date', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'advisory decision', 'two weeks', 'reasonable invoice', 'Juha Hilmola', 'Remuneration Committee', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', 'interim report', 'shareholders’ register', 'largest shareholders', 'one-year term', 'Detailed presentation', 'financial year', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', 'entire fee', 'other members', 'Board member', 'capital repayment', '2022 repayment', 'Notice', 'February', 'Friday', 'March', '9:00 AM', 'office', 'Keilaranta', 'Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', '8:30 AM', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'assets', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'liability', 'approval', 'website', 'accordance', 'submission', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'cash', 'shares', 'possession', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'number', 'nominees', 'consent', 'proposal', 'Ernst']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18049,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604658/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-WithSecure-Corporation.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation                                 The shareholders of WithSecure Corporation are invited...,English FinnishNotice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure CorporationThe shareholders of WithSecure Corporation are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Tuesday 21 March 2023 starting at 3:00 p.m. EET.The meeting will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16(2) of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ‘Companies Act’)  so that shareholders may exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either via remote connection or at the meeting venue at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland (event venue Eliel  Sanomatalo). Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 2:00 p.m. EET. Instructions concerning participation via remote connection are provided in section C. 2. of this notice and instructions concerning advance voting in section C. 3.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022The CEO will give a review of the year 2022 and tell about the Company’s prospects for the year 2023.WithSecure Corporation’s annual review  including WithSecure Corporation’s annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors  consolidated annual accounts and auditor’s report  shall be available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 9 February 2023.7. Adoption of the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts the annual accounts for the financial year 1 January 2022–31 December 2022.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Company’s dividend policy is to pay approximately half of its annual profits as dividends. On 31 December 2022  WithSecure Corporation’s distributable funds totalled EUR 143.3 million  of which net result for the financial year was EUR -13.7 million. No material changes have taken place in the company’s financial position after the date of the balance sheet.WithSecure Corporation’s Board of Directors proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2022 due to the loss-making net result of the year. Company will focus on funding its growth and developing the business.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for governing bodies shall be available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 9 February 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain unchanged and be paid as follows: EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors  EUR 48 000 for the Committee Chairmen  EUR 38 000 for the members of the Board of Directors and EUR 12 667 for a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. The Committee proposes that approximately 40% of the annual remuneration be paid as the Company’s shares. The Company will be responsible for the possible transaction costs and possible transfer tax levied in connection with purchase of the shares. The travel expenses and other costs of the members of the Board of Directors directly related to board work are paid in accordance with the Company’s compensation policy in force from time to time. Each member of the Board of Directors is paid a predetermined travel fee in addition to travel expenses for meetings held outside their country of residence. A separate travel fee of EUR 1 000 is paid to the members of the Board of Directors who travel from another European country to attend an on-site meeting. The travel fee is EUR 2 000 for intercontinental travel. No separate travel fee is paid to a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. In addition  the Chairman of the Board of Directors is offered assistant and administrative services.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors be seven (7).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that Risto Siilasmaa  Keith Bannister  Päivi Rekonen  Kirsi Sormunen and Tuomas Syrjänen are to be re-elected as ordinary members of the Board of Directors and that Ciaran Martin and Camilla Perselli  who is employed by WithSecure Corporation  are to be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current Board members  Pertti Ervi has stated that he will no longer be available as a Board member.The Board member candidates’ CVs and assessments of independence are available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the remuneration to the auditor be paid in accordance with the approved invoice.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as auditor of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Mr Jukka Karinen  APA  will act as the responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of a maximum of 17 459 800 of the Company’s own shares in total. The proposed maximum amount equals to approximately 10% of all the shares in the Company  in one or several tranches with the Company’s unrestricted equity.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase also in deviation from the proportional holdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorisation comprises the repurchase of shares either in the public trading or otherwise in the market at the trading price determined for the shares in public trading on the date of purchase  or with a purchase offer to the shareholders  in which case the repurchase price must be the same for all shareholders. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business or for optimising the Company’s capital structure  to be used as part of the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 16 March 2022 concerning the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 17 459 800 shares in total through a share issue as well as by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of the shares corresponds to 10% of all shares in the Company. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms related to the share issue as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used for potential acquisitions or other arrangements  for share-based incentive schemes or otherwise for purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 16 March 2022 concerning the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association concerning the Annual General Meeting be amended to allow for the General Meeting to be held completely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting. The Board of Directors’ proposition for amending Article 10 of the Articles of Association is included in Appendix 1 attached to this notice.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe resolution proposals for the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting mentioned above and this notice are available on WithSecure Corporation’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. WithSecure Corporation’s annual review including the Company’s annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report for WithSecure Corporation’s governing bodies are available on said website on 9 February 2023 at the latest. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on 4 April 2023.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 9 March 2023  the record date of the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.Registration for the General Meeting begins on 10 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account and who wishes to participate in the meeting must register for the meeting at the latest on 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET  by which time the notice of participation must be received by the Company. Shareholders can register for the meeting by one of the following means:Online through the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Online registration requires strong electronic identification from the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative using online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. By email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID and contact information as well as the name and date of birth of the shareholder’s possible assistant and/or proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to WithSecure Corporation or Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations.It must also be stated in connection with the registration whether the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative will participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Instructions concerning remote participation are provided in section C. 2. of these instructions.Upon request  shareholders  their representatives or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Additional information on registration  remote participation and advance voting is available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period of the General Meeting between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon EET and between 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. EET on weekdays.2. Remote participation in the meetingShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection.A notice given by shareholders or proxy representatives that they will participate in the General Meeting via remote connection is binding  and after the end of the registration period the shareholders or proxy representatives do not have the right to change their means of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting venue. However  a notice of participation via remote connection given by a shareholder’s proxy representative does not limit the right of the shareholder’s other proxy representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting venue.The remote connection to the General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Oyj’s virtual AGM service using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require software or downloads subject to a charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio playback as well as a microphone for oral questions and comments. The following browsers are recommended for remote participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari and Opera. Shareholders are responsible for their internet connections and devices during the meeting. In order to prepare for technical failures  it is recommended that shareholders who participate in the meeting remotely vote in advance.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration by the day before the meeting  20 March 2023  at 4:00 p.m. EET at the latest. It is recommended to log in to the meeting system before the meeting starts.3. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda between 10 February 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET and 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET in the following ways:Online through the service available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Shareholders can sign in to the advance voting service the same way as to the online registration service referred to above in section C. 1. a) of these instructions. By mail or email by sending the advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd  by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received before the advance voting period expires.A proposed resolution that is subject to advance voting is considered to be presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote at the real-time General Meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholders who voted in advance are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. Unless shareholders voting in advance are present at the General Meeting in person  by way of proxy representation or via remote connection  they will not be able to use their rights under the Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.4. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  9 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate requires that the holder of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting  and advance voting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.A holder of nominee registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Remote participation requires temporary entry into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy and submission of an email address and telephone number of the holder of nominee registered shares by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi before the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares expires so that an attendance link and password can be sent to the holder of nominee registered shares for participating in the General Meeting remotely.5. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise the shareholder rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner instructed in section C. 3. Of these instructions.The proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate such representative’s right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.A proxy template is available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.Proxy documents are to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. WithSecure Corporation may  if it so wishes  demand original proxy documents if regarded necessary by the Company.In addition to submitting a proxy document  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall ensure that they register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in section C. 1. Of these instructions.If a proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  it is recommended to vote in advance. If the proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection  a separate attendance link and password will be provided for each shareholder represented. The proxy representative shall ensure the exercise of shareholders’ rights by logging into the service on behalf of each shareholder separately.A shareholder who is a legal person may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting is Finnish.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.On the date of this notice  Thursday  9 February 2023  the total number of shares in WithSecure Corporation is 174 598 739 shares  which represent an equal number of votes. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 71 795 treasury shares. Treasury shares do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.Helsinki  9 February 2023WITHSECURE CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsContact information:Tiina Sarhimaa  Chief Legal OfficerWithSecure CorporationLaura Viita  Investor Relations DirectorWithSecure Corporation+358 50 487 1044investor-relations@withsecure.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'possible transfer tax', 'Päivi Rekonen', 'possible transaction costs', 'loss-making net result', 'separate travel fee', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'English Finnish', 'other costs', 'travel expenses', 'intercontinental travel', 'annual profits', 'annual remuneration', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Tuesday 21 March', 'shareholder rights', 'event venue', 'voting rights', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'material changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'administrative services', 'Risto Siilasmaa', 'Keith Bannister', 'Kirsi Sormunen', 'Personnel Committee', 'Committee Chairmen', 'annual review', 'hybrid meeting', 'remote connection', 'meeting venue', 'section C.', 'site meeting', 'advance voting', 'compensation policy', 'European country', 'financial year', 'The Company', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', 'board work', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'address', '00100 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Eliel', 'Sanomatalo', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'prospects', 'website', 'investor', 'relations', 'governance', '9 February', 'December', 'Resolution', 'use', 'half', 'dividends', 'place', 'growth', 'business', 'discharge', 'members', 'Consideration', 'recommendation', 'Chairman', 'shares', 'purchase', 'force', 'time', 'addition', 'meetings', 'residence', 'assistant', 'number', 'Tuoma', '3:00', '2:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18050,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604601/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Lassila-Tikanoja-Plc.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc,Lassila & Tikanoja plc Stock exchange release 9 February 2023 at 08:10 a.m.  Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc  ......,English FinnishLassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release9 February 2023 at 08:10 a.m.Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Lassila & Tikanoja plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 4:00 pm in Valkea talo  at the address of Ilkantie 4  Haaga  00400 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 3:00 pm.Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEO.Adoption of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0 47 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for dividend payment  27 March 2023. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 3 April 2023.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors as of 2 March 2023 at the latest.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged and is as follows:– Chairman  EUR 60 000 per year;– Vice-Chairman  EUR 40 000 per year; and– members  EUR 30 000 per year.It is proposed that the fees be paid so that 40% of the annual fee is paid in Lassila & Tikanoja’s shares held by the Company or  if this is not feasible  shares acquired from the market  and 60% in cash. Shares are to be issued to Board members and  where necessary  acquired directly from the market on behalf of Board members on the third trading day after the publication of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s interim report for the first quarter of 2023.In addition  it is proposed that the following unchanged fees be paid: EUR 1 000 per meeting to the Chairman  EUR 700 per meeting to the Vice-Chairman and EUR 500 per meeting to the other members of the Board. In accordance with the proposal  meeting fees will also be paid to the Chairman and members of committees established by the Board of Directors as follows: Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6).Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  and Pasi Tolppanen are re-elected to the Board of Directors from among the current members and Anni Ronkainen is elected as a new member. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen is elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman.Of the current members  Laura Tarkka has announced that she is no longer available for the election of the members of the Board of Directors.With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.All candidates have given their consent to the election and are independent of the Company and its significant shareholders.A presentation of Anni Ronkainen is available on Lassila & Tikanoja’s website at https://www.lt.fi/en/company/management-and-board-of-directors/board-of-directors. The current members of the Board of Directors are presented on the same page.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company.Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the Company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will appoint Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the Company’s auditor with principal responsibility.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 Company’s own shares using the Company’s non-restricted equity. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.The Company’s own shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (“Stock Exchange”) at the market price quoted at the time of the repurchase. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Ltd.The purpose of the share repurchase is to develop the Company’s capital structure and/or to use the shares as consideration in potential acquisitions  other business arrangements  as part of the Company’s share-based incentive programme  or to finance investments. The repurchased shares may either be held by the Company  or cancelled or conveyed.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the share repurchase. The share repurchase authorisation shall be valid for 18 months. The share repurchase authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations for repurchasing the Company's own shares.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more instalments  on issuance of new shares or shares possibly held by the Company through share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights entitling to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that by virtue of the authorisation altogether 2 000 000 shares may be issued and/or conveyed at the maximum. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.It is proposed that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of potential acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes subject to the Board of Directors’ decision.It is proposed that the authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms and conditions of the share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The authorisation thus includes the right to issue shares also in a proportion other than that of the shareholders’ current shareholdings in the Company under the conditions provided in law  the right to issue shares against payment or without charge as well as the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the Company itself  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum amount of treasury shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid for 18 months. The authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 10 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.”10 § Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held annually by the end of April on the date decided by the Board of Directors. The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in the Company's domicile. The Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”In other respects  no amendments are proposed to the Articles of Association.Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThis notice  including all the proposals  is available on Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. The financial statements of Lassila & Tikanoja plc  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website on 2 March 2023 at the latest. The above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as of 6 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the General MeetingShareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on 13 March 2023 in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration and advance voting will begin on 10 February 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Monday 20 March 2023 at 10:00 am (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:a) on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investorsb) by email to agm@innovatics.fic) by telephone +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am-12:00pm and 1:00-4:00pm (Finnish time)d) by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520  Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number/date of birth/company identification number  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number/date of birth of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Lassila & Tikanoja plc and Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  his/her representative or proxy representative shall  on demand  be able to prove their identity and/or right to representation at the venue.Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on 13 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 20 March 2023  by 10:00 am. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the Company's shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information on the is also available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as attachments in connection with electronic or e-mail registration or alternatively as originals by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or his/her proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication in the general meeting service when registering  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank codes or mobile certificate. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Advance votingA shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account and who wants to participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 10 February 2023 to 20 March 2023 10:00 am.a) on the Company’s website www.lt.fi/en/investors; orb) by mail or email by submitting the advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to vote on a possible counterproposal unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the voting form are available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.On the date of this notice of the General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Lassila & Tikanoja plc is 38 798 874.Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting unless the shareholder has voted in advance.Helsinki  8 February 2023LASSILA & TIKANOJA OYJBoard of DirectorsFor additional information  please contactSirpa Huopalainen  General Counsel  puh. +358 40 596 5241Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs 8 371 people. In 2022  the company’s net sales amounted to EUR 844.1 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Tikanoja Plc', 'Notice', 'Lassila', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'third trading day', 'Teemu Kangas-Kärki', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Annual General Meeting', 'liability Remuneration Report', 'financial statements Resolution', 'The Board', 'annual fee', 'English Finnish', 'shareholders rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'significant shareholders', 'Valkea talo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'lt.fi', 'interim report', 'first quarter', 'Laura Lares', 'Jukka Leinonen', 'Pasi Tolppanen', 'Anni Ronkainen', 'new member', 'Laura Tarkka', 'Tikanoja plc', 'unchanged fees', 'financial year', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'other members', 'ordinary members', 'current members', 'meeting fees', 'Sakari Lassila', 'Vice Chairman', 'Board members', '08:10 a', 'February', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'March', 'address', 'Ilkantie', 'Haaga', '00400 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'basis', '3 April', 'discharge', 'accordance', 'Vice-Chairman', 'shares', 'market', 'cash', 'behalf', 'publication', 'addition', 'committees', 'number', 'regard', 'procedure', 'candidates', 'consent', '4:00', '3:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18051,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LASSILA-TIKANOJA-OYJ-1412484/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Lassila-Tikanoja-Plc-42936741/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc,(marketscreener.com) Lassila & Tikanoja plc Stock exchange release 9 February 2023 at 08:10 a.m. Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc Notice is given to the shareholders of Lassila & Tikanoja plc of the Annual General Meeting to be h…,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc 02/09/2023 | 01:11am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release9 February 2023 at 08:10 a.m. Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc Notice is given to the shareholders of Lassila & Tikanoja plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  23 March 2023  at 4:00 pm in Valkea talo  at the address of Ilkantie 4  Haaga  00400 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 3:00 pm. Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”. It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights. A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting At the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022 Review by the President and CEO. Adoption of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0 47 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for dividend payment  27 March 2023. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 3 April 2023. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability Remuneration Report The Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2022 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act. The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors as of 2 March 2023 at the latest. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged and is as follows: – Chairman  EUR 60 000 per year; – Vice-Chairman  EUR 40 000 per year; and – members  EUR 30 000 per year. It is proposed that the fees be paid so that 40% of the annual fee is paid in Lassila & Tikanoja’s shares held by the Company or  if this is not feasible  shares acquired from the market  and 60% in cash. Shares are to be issued to Board members and  where necessary  acquired directly from the market on behalf of Board members on the third trading day after the publication of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s interim report for the first quarter of 2023. In addition  it is proposed that the following unchanged fees be paid: EUR 1 000 per meeting to the Chairman  EUR 700 per meeting to the Vice-Chairman and EUR 500 per meeting to the other members of the Board. In accordance with the proposal  meeting fees will also be paid to the Chairman and members of committees established by the Board of Directors as follows: Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be six (6). Election of members of the Board of Directors The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  and Pasi Tolppanen are re-elected to the Board of Directors from among the current members and Anni Ronkainen is elected as a new member. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen is elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman. Of the current members  Laura Tarkka has announced that she is no longer available for the election of the members of the Board of Directors. With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. All candidates have given their consent to the election and are independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. A presentation of Anni Ronkainen is available on Lassila & Tikanoja’s website at https://www.lt.fi/en/company/management-and-board-of-directors/board-of-directors. The current members of the Board of Directors are presented on the same page. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor The Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company. Election of Auditor The Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the Company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will appoint Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the Company’s auditor with principal responsibility. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions: By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 Company’s own shares using the Company’s non-restricted equity. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting. The Company’s own shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (“Stock Exchange”) at the market price quoted at the time of the repurchase. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Ltd. The purpose of the share repurchase is to develop the Company’s capital structure and/or to use the shares as consideration in potential acquisitions  other business arrangements  as part of the Company’s share-based incentive programme  or to finance investments. The repurchased shares may either be held by the Company  or cancelled or conveyed. The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the share repurchase. The share repurchase authorisation shall be valid for 18 months. The share repurchase authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations for repurchasing the Company's own shares. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more instalments  on issuance of new shares or shares possibly held by the Company through share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights entitling to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that by virtue of the authorisation altogether 2 000 000 shares may be issued and/or conveyed at the maximum. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting. It is proposed that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of potential acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes subject to the Board of Directors’ decision. It is proposed that the authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms and conditions of the share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The authorisation thus includes the right to issue shares also in a proportion other than that of the shareholders’ current shareholdings in the Company under the conditions provided in law  the right to issue shares against payment or without charge as well as the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the Company itself  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum amount of treasury shares. It is proposed that the authorisation be valid for 18 months. The authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. Amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes to the general meeting that Article 10 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. ”10 § Annual General Meeting of Shareholders The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held annually by the end of April on the date decided by the Board of Directors. The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in the Company's domicile. The Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.” In other respects  no amendments are proposed to the Articles of Association. Closing of the Meeting B. Documents of the Annual General Meeting This notice  including all the proposals  is available on Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. The financial statements of Lassila & Tikanoja plc  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s report as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website on 2 March 2023 at the latest. The above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. The minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as of 6 April 2023 at the latest. C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ register Each shareholder  who is registered on 13 March 2023 in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. Registration and advance voting will begin on 10 February 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company and who wants to participate in the general meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Monday 20 March 2023 at 10:00 am (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made: a) on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors b) by email to agm@innovatics.fi c) by telephone +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am-12:00pm and 1:00-4:00pm (Finnish time) d) by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520  Helsinki. In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number/date of birth/company identification number  address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number/date of birth of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Lassila & Tikanoja plc and Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. A shareholder  his/her representative or proxy representative shall  on demand  be able to prove their identity and/or right to representation at the venue. Holders of nominee registered shares A holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on 13 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 20 March 2023  by 10:00 am. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes. A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the Company's shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information on the is also available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. Proxy representative and powers of attorney A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as attachments in connection with electronic or e-mail registration or alternatively as originals by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or his/her proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice. Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication in the general meeting service when registering  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank codes or mobile certificate. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations. Advance voting A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account and who wants to participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 10 February 2023 to 20 March 2023 10:00 am. a) on the Company’s website www.lt.fi/en/investors; or b) by mail or email by submitting the advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors  or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period. It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to vote on a possible counterproposal unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation. With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them. An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions and the voting form are available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. Other instructions and information Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting. Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes. On the date of this notice of the General Meeting  the total number of shares and votes in Lassila & Tikanoja plc is 38 798 874. Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting unless the shareholder has voted in advance. Helsinki  8 February 2023 LASSILA & TIKANOJA OYJ Board of Directors For additional information  please contactSirpa Huopalainen  General Counsel  puh. +358 40 596 5241 Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs 8 371 people. In 2022  the company’s net sales amounted to EUR 844.1 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/All news about LASSILA & TIKANOJA OYJ 02/09 Transcript : Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj  2022 Earnings Call  Feb 09  2023 CI 02/09 Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc GL 02/09 Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc AQ 02/09 Laura Tarkka No Longer Available for the Election of the Members of the Board of Direct.. CI 02/09 Lassila & Tikanoja plc Proposes Dividend for the Financial Year 2022  Payable on 3 Apri.. CI 02/09 Lassila & Tikanoja Plc : Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022 GL 02/09 Lassila & Tikanoja Plc : Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022 AQ 02/09 Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  20.. CI 02/09 Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj Reports Earnings Results for the Fourth Quarter Ended December 3.. CI 02/09 Lassila & Tikanoja Oyj Provides Sales Guidance for the Full Year of 2023 CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Tikanoja Plc', 'Notice', 'Lassila', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'consolidated financial statements Resolution', 'multiple email addresses', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'third trading day', 'Teemu Kangas-Kärki', 'Annual General Mee', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual fee', 'shareholders rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'General Meeting', 'Valkea talo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'lt.fi', 'first quarter', 'Laura Lares', 'Jukka Leinonen', 'Pasi Tolppanen', 'Anni Ronkainen', 'new member', 'Laura Tarkka', 'Tikanoja Plc', 'interim report', 'unchanged fees', 'First name', 'advance voting', 'year 2022 Review', 'other members', 'ordinary members', 'current members', 'meeting fees', 'Sakari Lassila', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. Matters', 'Board members', '08:10 a', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'February', 'Thursday', '23 March', 'Ilkantie', 'Haaga', '00400 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Company', 'website', 'investors', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'agenda', 'following', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'basis', '3 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'accordance', '2 March', 'Vice-Chairman', 'shares', 'market', 'cash', 'behalf', 'publication', 'addition', 'committees', 'number', 'procedure', '4:00', '3:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18052,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WITHSECURE-OYJ-111961948/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-WithSecure-Corporation-42937763/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation,(marketscreener.com) Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure Corporation                             The shareholders of WithSecure Corporation are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/…,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of WithSecure CorporationThe shareholders of WithSecure Corporation are invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held on Tuesday 21 March 2023 starting at 3:00 p.m. EET.The meeting will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16(2) of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (624/2006  as amended  the ‘Companies Act’)  so that shareholders may exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either via remote connection or at the meeting venue at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland (event venue Eliel  Sanomatalo). Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance.The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 2:00 p.m. EET. Instructions concerning participation via remote connection are provided in section C. 2. of this notice and instructions concerning advance voting in section C. 3.A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  the consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022The CEO will give a review of the year 2022 and tell about the Company’s prospects for the year 2023.WithSecure Corporation’s annual review  including WithSecure Corporation’s annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors  consolidated annual accounts and auditor’s report  shall be available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 9 February 2023.7. Adoption of the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accountsThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting adopts the annual accounts for the financial year 1 January 2022–31 December 2022.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Company’s dividend policy is to pay approximately half of its annual profits as dividends. On 31 December 2022  WithSecure Corporation’s distributable funds totalled EUR 143.3 million  of which net result for the financial year was EUR -13.7 million. No material changes have taken place in the company’s financial position after the date of the balance sheet.WithSecure Corporation’s Board of Directors proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2022 due to the loss-making net result of the year. Company will focus on funding its growth and developing the business.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe remuneration report for governing bodies shall be available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance as of 9 February 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the annual remuneration of the Board of Directors shall remain unchanged and be paid as follows: EUR 80 000 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors  EUR 48 000 for the Committee Chairmen  EUR 38 000 for the members of the Board of Directors and EUR 12 667 for a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. The Committee proposes that approximately 40% of the annual remuneration be paid as the Company’s shares. The Company will be responsible for the possible transaction costs and possible transfer tax levied in connection with purchase of the shares. The travel expenses and other costs of the members of the Board of Directors directly related to board work are paid in accordance with the Company’s compensation policy in force from time to time. Each member of the Board of Directors is paid a predetermined travel fee in addition to travel expenses for meetings held outside their country of residence. A separate travel fee of EUR 1 000 is paid to the members of the Board of Directors who travel from another European country to attend an on-site meeting. The travel fee is EUR 2 000 for intercontinental travel. No separate travel fee is paid to a member of the Board of Directors employed by the Company. In addition  the Chairman of the Board of Directors is offered assistant and administrative services.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that the number of members of the Board of Directors be seven (7).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Personnel Committee that Risto Siilasmaa  Keith Bannister  Päivi Rekonen  Kirsi Sormunen and Tuomas Syrjänen are to be re-elected as ordinary members of the Board of Directors and that Ciaran Martin and Camilla Perselli  who is employed by WithSecure Corporation  are to be elected as new members of the Board of Directors. Of the current Board members  Pertti Ervi has stated that he will no longer be available as a Board member.The Board member candidates’ CVs and assessments of independence are available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the remuneration to the auditor be paid in accordance with the approved invoice.15. Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon recommendation of the Audit Committee that the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as auditor of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has stated that Mr Jukka Karinen  APA  will act as the responsible auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of a maximum of 17 459 800 of the Company’s own shares in total. The proposed maximum amount equals to approximately 10% of all the shares in the Company  in one or several tranches with the Company’s unrestricted equity.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase also in deviation from the proportional holdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorisation comprises the repurchase of shares either in the public trading or otherwise in the market at the trading price determined for the shares in public trading on the date of purchase  or with a purchase offer to the shareholders  in which case the repurchase price must be the same for all shareholders. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business or for optimising the Company’s capital structure  to be used as part of the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all other terms related to the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 16 March 2022 concerning the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 17 459 800 shares in total through a share issue as well as by issuing options and other special rights entitling to shares pursuant to chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches. The proposed maximum number of the shares corresponds to 10% of all shares in the Company. The authorisation concerns both the issuance of new shares and the transfer of treasury shares held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms related to the share issue as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used for potential acquisitions or other arrangements  for share-based incentive schemes or otherwise for purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors proposes that the authorisation be valid until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting  in any case no later than until 30 June 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that this authorisation terminate the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 16 March 2022 concerning the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares.18. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that Article 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association concerning the Annual General Meeting be amended to allow for the General Meeting to be held completely without a meeting venue as a remote meeting. The Board of Directors’ proposition for amending Article 10 of the Articles of Association is included in Appendix 1 attached to this notice.19. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe resolution proposals for the matters on the agenda of the General Meeting mentioned above and this notice are available on WithSecure Corporation’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. WithSecure Corporation’s annual review including the Company’s annual accounts  consolidated annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report as well as the remuneration report for WithSecure Corporation’s governing bodies are available on said website on 9 February 2023 at the latest. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest on 4 April 2023.C. Instructions for the participants in the General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 9 March 2023  the record date of the General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.Registration for the General Meeting begins on 10 February 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account and who wishes to participate in the meeting must register for the meeting at the latest on 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET  by which time the notice of participation must be received by the Company. Shareholders can register for the meeting by one of the following means:Online through the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Online registration requires strong electronic identification from the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative using online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. By email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID and contact information as well as the name and date of birth of the shareholder’s possible assistant and/or proxy representative must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to WithSecure Corporation or Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations.It must also be stated in connection with the registration whether the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative will participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Instructions concerning remote participation are provided in section C. 2. of these instructions.Upon request  shareholders  their representatives or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Additional information on registration  remote participation and advance voting is available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period of the General Meeting between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 noon EET and between 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. EET on weekdays.2. Remote participation in the meetingShareholders who have the right to participate in the General Meeting may participate in the meeting and exercise their shareholder rights fully during the meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection.A notice given by shareholders or proxy representatives that they will participate in the General Meeting via remote connection is binding  and after the end of the registration period the shareholders or proxy representatives do not have the right to change their means of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting venue. However  a notice of participation via remote connection given by a shareholder’s proxy representative does not limit the right of the shareholder’s other proxy representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting venue.The remote connection to the General Meeting will be implemented through Inderes Oyj’s virtual AGM service using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require software or downloads subject to a charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio playback as well as a microphone for oral questions and comments. The following browsers are recommended for remote participation: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari and Opera. Shareholders are responsible for their internet connections and devices during the meeting. In order to prepare for technical failures  it is recommended that shareholders who participate in the meeting remotely vote in advance.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or SMS to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration by the day before the meeting  20 March 2023  at 4:00 p.m. EET at the latest. It is recommended to log in to the meeting system before the meeting starts.3. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account can vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda between 10 February 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET and 16 March 2023 at 10.00 a.m. EET in the following ways:Online through the service available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance. Shareholders can sign in to the advance voting service the same way as to the online registration service referred to above in section C. 1. a) of these instructions. By mail or email by sending the advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd  by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. Advance votes must be received before the advance voting period expires.A proposed resolution that is subject to advance voting is considered to be presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a vote at the real-time General Meeting also in circumstances where an alternative resolution has been proposed concerning the matter. Taking the votes into account requires that the shareholders who voted in advance are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. Unless shareholders voting in advance are present at the General Meeting in person  by way of proxy representation or via remote connection  they will not be able to use their rights under the Companies Act to request information or a vote.Holders of nominee registered shares can vote in advance through their account operators. Account operators can vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares they represent in accordance with the shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.4. Holder of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the holder of nominee registered shares on the record date of the General Meeting  9 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate requires that the holder of nominee registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares at the latest by 16 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. EET. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of voting rights.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request in good time the necessary instructions regarding registration in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the General Meeting  and advance voting from such shareholder’s custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee registered shares who wishes to participate in the General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares.A holder of nominee registered shares who has registered for the General Meeting may participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue or via remote connection. Remote participation requires temporary entry into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy and submission of an email address and telephone number of the holder of nominee registered shares by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi before the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares expires so that an attendance link and password can be sent to the holder of nominee registered shares for participating in the General Meeting remotely.5. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise the shareholder rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative may also vote in advance in the manner instructed in section C. 3. Of these instructions.The proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or power of attorney or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate such representative’s right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.A proxy template is available on the Company’s website at https://www.withsecure.com/en/about-us/investor-relations/governance.Proxy documents are to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/WithSecure Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. WithSecure Corporation may  if it so wishes  demand original proxy documents if regarded necessary by the Company.In addition to submitting a proxy document  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall ensure that they register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in section C. 1. Of these instructions.If a proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting  it is recommended to vote in advance. If the proxy representative represents more than one shareholder at the General Meeting either at the meeting venue or via remote connection  a separate attendance link and password will be provided for each shareholder represented. The proxy representative shall ensure the exercise of shareholders’ rights by logging into the service on behalf of each shareholder separately.A shareholder who is a legal person may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service as an alternative to a traditional proxy document. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish bank ID or mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the General Meeting is Finnish.A shareholder has the right to ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the General Meeting.On the date of this notice  Thursday  9 February 2023  the total number of shares in WithSecure Corporation is 174 598 739 shares  which represent an equal number of votes. On the date of this notice  the Company holds 71 795 treasury shares. Treasury shares do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting.Helsinki  9 February 2023WITHSECURE CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsContact information:Tiina Sarhimaa  Chief Legal OfficerWithSecure CorporationLaura Viita  Investor Relations DirectorWithSecure Corporation+358 50 487 1044investor-relations@withsecure.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.89,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'possible transfer tax', 'Päivi Rekonen', 'Tuomas Syrjänen', 'possible transaction costs', 'loss-making net result', 'separate travel fee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other costs', 'travel expenses', 'intercontinental travel', 'annual accounts', 'annual profits', 'WithSecure Corporation', 'Tuesday 21 March', 'shareholder rights', 'event venue', 'voting rights', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'material changes', 'financial position', 'governing bodies', 'Personnel Committee', 'Committee Chairmen', 'The Committee', 'administrative services', 'Risto Siilasmaa', 'Keith Bannister', 'Kirsi Sormunen', 'annual remuneration', 'hybrid meeting', 'remote connection', 'meeting venue', 'section C.', 'site meeting', 'annual review', 'advance voting', 'compensation policy', 'European country', 'financial year', 'The Company', 'remuneration report', 'The Board', 'board work', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'address', '00100 Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Eliel', 'Sanomatalo', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'prospects', 'website', 'investor', 'relations', 'governance', '9 February', 'December', 'Resolution', 'use', 'half', 'dividends', 'place', 'date', 'growth', 'business', 'discharge', 'members', 'Consideration', 'recommendation', 'Chairman', 'shares', 'purchase', 'force', 'time', 'addition', 'meetings', 'residence', 'assistant', 'number', '3:00', '2:00', '10.']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18053,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HUHTAMAKI-OYJ-1412465/news/Proposals-by-Huhtamaki-Oyj-s-Board-of-Directors-and-the-Shareholders-Nomination-Board-to-the-Annual-42937176/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj's Board of Directors and the Shareholders' Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,(marketscreener.com) HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 9.2.2023 AT 9:00 Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders The Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Huhta…,"HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 9.2.2023 AT 9:00Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the ""Company"") (the ""AGM"") will be held on Thursday  April 27  2023  at 11:00 (EEST)  at Marina Congress Center Helsinki  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland.The notice to convene the AGM is planned to be published on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) on March 29  2023. In addition  there will be an announcement regarding the notice in the Helsingin Sanomat newspaper. The notice will include more detailed information on the participation and voting at the meeting.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.00 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment May 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be on May 9  2023.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be on October 9  2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report will be presented to the AGM for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report will be published in connection with the Annual Report.Amendment to the Remuneration Policy for the Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents to the AGM for advisory approval the Company’s amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  which was last presented to the AGM on April 29  2020. The material changes in the Remuneration Policy are increases in the President and CEO’s maximum earning opportunity in short-term incentives (up to 150% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 100%) and long-term incentives (up to 400% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 300%). The changes are made to secure that the President and CEO’s earning opportunities can be set at a market competitive level.The updated Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) and will be attached to the notice to the AGM.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Pauline Lindwall and Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board. Two of the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Heikki Takala and Ms. Sandra Turner  have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Ms. Pauline Lindwall (born 1961) has acted as Category Director Coffee  France and Southern Europe at Mondelez International (2012–2015). Before that she has worked at Nestlé in several management positions (1984–2012) based in Asia and Europe  latest position being Country Business Manager  Nestlé Nutrition  Germany and Austria. Ms. Lindwall’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Duni AB (publ.) and a Supervisory Board member of EIT Food of The European Institute of Innovation and Technology. Ms. Lindwall holds a B.Sc. (Business Administration and Economics). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Pekka Vauramo (born 1957) acts as President and CEO at Metso Outotec Corporation (2020–). Before that he has worked as President and CEO at Metso Corporation (2018–2020)  President and CEO at Finnair Plc (2013–2018) as well as in several management positions at Cargotec Corporation (2007–2013)  Sandvik AB (1995–2007) and Tamrock Corporation (1985–1995). Mr. Vauramo’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Nokian Tyres plc  National Defence University and New Children’s Hospital Foundation  as well as a Board of Trustees member of Turku University Foundation. Mr. Vauramo holds a M. Sc. (Technology). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.Remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 170 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 80 000 and to the other members EUR 65 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 500 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 750. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends all members of the Board of Directors to own shares of Huhtamäki Oyj.Election and remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Articles of Association would be amended to enable arranging a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting. The amendment is intended to enable the holding of General Meetings virtually to facilitate attendance and participation for the Company's shareholders  especially in unforeseen or exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in in-person General Meetings. The amendment does not preclude arranging General Meetings as physical or hybrid meetings.Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  the first paragraph of Section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in Espoo or in Helsinki  as decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting of Shareholders using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).”The Articles of Association in the proposed amended form are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).Amendment to the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that Section 2 of the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board would be amended so that the shareholders entitled to appoint a member are determined annually on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on May 31 (previously August 31).The Charter in the proposed amended form is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a key global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 19 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.11,0.5,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'non-variable annual base salary', 'Mr. William R. Barker', 'Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich', 'Marina Congress Center Helsinki', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Mr. Doug Baillie', 'Mr. Pekka Vauramo', 'Mr. Heikki Takala', 'Helsingin Sanomat newspaper', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'Category Director Coffee', 'several management positions', 'Metso Outotec Corporation', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Ms. Mercedes Alonso', 'Ms. Anja Korhonen', 'Ms. Kerttu Tuomas', 'Ms. Sandra Turner', 'The European Institute', 'maximum earning opportunity', 'Country Business Manager', 'current key positions', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Ms. Pauline Lindwall', 'new record date', 'new payment date', 'Supervisory Board member', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Annual Report', 'Ms. Lindwall', 'aggregate dividend', 'The Board', 'earning opportunities', 'Business Administration', 'new members', 'Remuneration Policy', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'financial position', 'financial year', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'short-term incentives', 'long-term incentives', 'competitive level', 'current members', 'Mondelez International', 'latest position', 'Duni AB', 'EIT Food', 'B.Sc.', 'significant shareholders', 'The Company', 'significant changes', 'material changes', 'Southern Europe', 'Nestlé Nutrition', '00160 Helsinki', 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', 'notice', 'website', 'March', 'addition', 'announcement', 'participation', 'voting', 'Use', 'profit', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'October', 'regulations', 'place', 'distribution', 'view', 'ability', 'obligations', 'connection', 'Amendment', 'increases', 'President', 'CEO', 'market', 'updated', 'Composition', 'number', 'Chair', 'election', 'France', 'Asia', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'trust', 'publ.', 'Innovation', 'Technology', 'Economics', '9:00', '11:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18054,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-q4-full-2022-164500504.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 resultsStrong results demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model  efficient management of cash trading market share combined with cost discipline. Upgraded 2024 synergies target.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022.F ull year 2022 underlying revenue and income 1 up + 0 . 1 % pro forma 2 at € 1 467.8 million ( reported revenue and income at € 1 418. 8 million   +€120.2 million   -3.2 % pro forma 2   + 9.3 % reported ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business and enhanced revenue capture : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58.1% of 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 58% pro forma in 2021) and covered 141% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 3 (vs. 142% pro forma in 2021). Trading revenue grew to €514.1 million (-0.8% pro forma  +10.5% reported). FX and power trading reported strong performances. The softer environment for cash trading volumes from the second semester of 2022 was offset by efficient management of yield and an uptick in market share from October 2022. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €364.5 million (+1.5 % pro forma  +13.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €243.1 million (stable pro forma  +10.9% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model as settlement activity stabilised. Clearing revenue increased to €121.4 million (+4.5% pro forma  +19.7% reported) mainly as a result of the consolidation of revenue from Euronext Clearing (acquired on 29 April 2021) and improved product mix. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €44.0 million  excluding Q3 2022 €49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1 . Listing revenue grew to €218.4 million (+7.3% pro forma  +15.1% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions. In 2022  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 83 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €212.1 million (+4.8% pro forma  +15.5% reported)  driven by the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and a strong performance of both real-time and non real-time data businesses.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 861.6 million ( +€90.6 million   -1.2 % pro forma  +11. 7 % reported ) reflecting continued cost disciplin e despite strong inflationary pressure . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 58. 7 % (-0. 8 pt s pro forma   -0. 7 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 3 were €606.1 million (+2.0% pro forma  +14.9% reported)  beating revised 2022 cost guidance of €612 million (initially €622 million)  thanks to efficient cost control and several positive one-off impacts over the year.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5.9% reported to€ 437.8 million ( + € 24. 5 million): Net financing expenses were at €29.7 million and results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.6%.Adjus ted net income 3   share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5. 7 % to € 555.3 millionAdjusted EPS 4 was down -4. 8 % at € 5.2 1   due to higher share countNet debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.6x at the end of 2022 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.4x resulting from strong cash generation since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Key figures for full year 2022:Story continuesIn €m  unless stated otherwise 2022 2021 % var % varl-f-l5 % var pro forma Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% -3.2% Underlying revenue and income1 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% +0.1% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A3 (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% +2.0% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% -1.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts -0.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% -3.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Dividend proposal:As announced on 28 July 2022  a pay-out ratio of 50% of reported net income  adjusted for the Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss related to the partial disposal of Euronext Clearing portfolio  representing a dividend for 2022 of €236.6 million (€2.22 per share) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 May 2023.Cost guidance for 2023:In 2023  Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €630 million  compared to the annualised second semester of 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around €620 million. The slight increase in costs only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives. Savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development costs.Status update on synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies were achieved at the end of Q4 2022  thanks to restructuring efforts and the migration of the Core Data Centre. €9.7 million run-rate annual synergies were delivered in Q4 2022. €44.2 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q4 2022  of which €6.3 million during Q4 2022.Next steps in the deployment of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan : Euronext upgrades its 2024 annual run - rate pre - tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by € 15 millon to € 115 million . Implementation costs remain unchanged. Euronext confirmed the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023  forming the first phase of the migration  and of Borsa Italiana other markets in Q4 2023 allowing for termination of the third-party provider trading platform contract. Euronext confirmed the phases in the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023 and of derivative clearing by Q3 2024. These strategic projects are expected to reach around € 7 0 million of cumulated run-rate synergies by the end of 2023  out of the €115 million targeted. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%   and revenue capture a round 0.5 2 bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq ®   considering current market conditions and orders size.Key achievement in the deployment of the ‘ Fit for 1.5 °’ ESG strategy in 2022 : Euronext’s upgraded SBTi-aligned climate targets were validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative: By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.The Group’s efforts to enhance diversity were recognised through the inclusion of Euronext into the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2022  Euronext reached record revenue and income above €1.4 billion notably resulting from the strong performance of our non-volume related activities  together with efficient management of revenue capture and of cash trading market share. Thanks to our trademark cost discipline  we beat our 2022 revised costs guidance. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA of €861.6 million that translated into an adjusted EPS of €5.21. We will propose a total dividend of €236.6 million at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2023  representing 50% of our reported net income  excluding NTI loss impact.This year has been crucial in laying the foundations for the future growth of the Group. We have successfully completed the first major milestone of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan with the migration of our Core Data Centre from the UK to Italy. At the end of 2022  we have achieved €34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies related to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.This fruitful year paves the way for the next steps to be delivered in 2023. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe  operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq®  which will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext equity clearing house of choice by the end of 2023  and the CCP for derivatives clearing in Q3 2024. These are the critical bricks to complete our presence across the integrated value chain  allowing us to innovate and shape capital markets in line with evolving client needs  and making Euronext even stronger to deliver future growth.In an inflationary environment  we will contain our costs to a slight increase in 2023  at €630 million  demonstrating Euronext’s ability to maintain its cost discipline while investing to generate revenue expansion of our non-volume related activities. We expect to deliver by the end of 2023 around €70 million of the synergies targeted as part of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. Our good progress on integration led us to upgrade the total amount of targeted run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024 from €100 million to €115 million. This further demonstrates Euronext’s successful track record in integrating acquired companies.Our strong performance  combined with the successful ongoing delivery of the planned synergies  is supporting our deleveraging trajectory with a net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.6x  well below 3.2x at the time of closing of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition. This leaves the Group with flexibility to further deploy capital in value generating opportunities that might arise.Lastly  we are happy to see that our ‘Fit for 1.5°’ ESG strategy is bearing fruit  as our upgraded emission reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative. We are pleased to see Euronext being included in both the Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices  demonstrating the progress we are making in striving towards more equality.”Euronext Q4 and full year 2022 financial performanceFull year 20226In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2022 FY 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% Underlying revenue and income7 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% Listing 218.4 189.7 +15.1% +6.6% Trading revenue  of which 514.1 465.3 +10.5% -2.4% Cash trading 301.7 293.7 +2.7% -4.4% Derivatives trading 58.4 52.5 +11.3% +2.6% Fixed income trading 93.0 65.8 +41.3% -8.9% FX trading 28.4 23.5 +21.0% +7.9% Power trading 32.7 29.9 +9.4% +8.9% Investor Services 9.6 8.9 +7.9% +10.8% Advanced Data Services 212.1 183.6 +15.5% +5.4% Post-Trade  of which 364.5 320.6 +13.7% +0.2% Clearing 121.4 101.4 +19.7% +3.8% Custody and Settlement 243.1 219.2 +10.9% -4.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 100.1 85.5 +17.1% +3.3% NTI through CCP business (4.9) 35.4 -113.9% -42.2% Other income 1.5 3.5 -55.7% -92.9% Transitional revenues 3.4 6.2 -45.3% -81.9% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (633.4) (584.8) +8.3% +2.7% EBITDA 785.4 713.9 +10.0% -2.3% Depreciation & Amortisation (160.2) (134.6) +19.0% -1.6% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (793.6) (719.4) +10.3% +2.3% Adjusted operating profit 792.8 709.6 +11.7% -2.3% Operating Profit 625.3 579.3 +7.9% Net financing income / (expense) (29.7) (31.7) -6.4% Results from equity investments 18.7 33.2 -43.7% Profit before income tax 614.2 580.7 +5.8% Income tax expense (163.6) (158.6) +3.1% Share of non-controlling interests (12.8) (8.7) +46.5% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Share count differs between the two periods2022 revenue and incomeIn 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €1 418.8 million  up +9.3% reported compared to 2021  resulting from the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong performance of non-volume related activities  partially offset by the Q3 2022 €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35.0 million post-tax) related to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9 and a softer volume environment for cash equity trading. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was up +13.0% in 2022  to €1 467.8 million.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was stable (-0.2%) in 2022  at €1 204.4 million  compared to 2021. Pro forma the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition on 29 April 2021  underlying revenue and income were stable in 2022 compared to 2021  resulting from strong non-volume related activities  notably listing and advanced data services  very good performances for FX and power trading and a solid performance of derivatives trading.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2022  stable vs. 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities  good performance of non-equity related trading activities and the challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related underlying revenue ratio was at 141% in 2022  almost stable vs. 2021 (142%).2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €606.1 million  up +14.9%  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group costs and continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Underlying expenses excluding D&A (€606.1 million) were better than 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs excluding D&A (€622 million initially) thanks to strong cost discipline  project costs being capitalised and one-off positive impacts  including release of accruals and lower-than-anticipated travel and marketing expenses due to the Covid-19 pandemic.On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly by +2.7% compared to 2021  which was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing expenses during the pandemic  highlighting Euronext’s ability to contain inflation in 2022. On a pro forma basis for the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021  underlying operational expenses increased slightly by +2.0%  mainly due to the return of travel and marketing expenses in 2022.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €861.6 million and saw double digit growth  +11.7% compared to 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.7%  down -0.7 points compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was down -2.3%  to €699.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.1%  down -1.2 points compared to the same perimeter in 2021.2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €160.2 million in 2022  up +19.0%  mostly due to the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €83.3 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €792.8 million  a strong +11.7% increase compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -2.3% compared to 2021  at €643.6 million.€118.6 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2022 was €29.7 million compared to a net financing expense of €31.7 million in 2021. This decrease mainly results from the elimination of costs in relation to the bridge financing of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021  partially offset by the cost of bonds issued to finance the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million in 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in 2021  Euronext reported €33.2 million in results from equity investments  reflecting two dividends received from Sicovam and two dividends received from Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for 2022 was €163.6 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2022 (2021: €158.6 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €12.8 million in 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +5.9% for 2022 compared to 2021  to €437.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the portfolio reallocation10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022  compared to €4.30 basic and €4.29 diluted in 2021. This decrease reflects a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.7% to €555.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -4.8% in 2022  at €5.21 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.47 per share in 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €616.5 million  compared to €543.7 million in 2021  resulting from higher profit before tax and higher depreciation and amortisation. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 83.9% of EBITDA in 2022.Fourth quarter 202211In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 347.0 370.1 -6.2% -6.1% Listing 53.5 51.9 +3.1% +3.8% Trading revenue  of which 116.3 132.3 -12.1% -12.4% Cash trading 65.1 79.3 -17.9% -17.9% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.2 -5.4% -5.3% Fixed income trading 22.1 24.2 -8.5% -8.5% FX trading 6.7 6.1 +9.5% -2.2% Power trading 8.9 8.5 +4.7% +9.0% Investor Services 2.6 2.3 +13.2% +13.2% Advanced Data Services 54.5 50.7 +7.3% +7.7% Post-Trade  of which 88.6 90.9 -2.5% -2.4% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% -3.9% Custody and Settlement 59.6 60.7 -1.9% -1.6% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.9 26.4 +1.8% +2.2% NTI through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% -66.8% Other income 0.3 0.6 -53.2% -53.5% Transitional revenues 0.1 2.0 -93.1% -93.1% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (159.2) (156.6) +1.6% +2.1% Adjusted EBITDA 187.9 213.4 -12.0% -12.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 54.1% 57.7% -3.5pts -3.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (170.2) (170.6) -0.2% +2.1% EBITDA 176.9 199.5 -11.4% -12.1% Depreciation & Amortisation (42.6) (48.9) -12.8% +0.8% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (212.8) (219.4) -3.0% +1.9% Adjusted operating profit 168.4 194.1 -13.3% -13.4% Operating Profit 134.2 150.6 -10.9% Net financing income / (expense) (6.0) (6.7) -9.3% Results from equity investments 12.6 7.3 +71.7% Profit before income tax 140.8 151.3 -7.0% Income tax expense (38.5) (35.7) +7.7% Share of non-controlling interests (3.0) (2.9) +3.8% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 99.3 112.7 -11.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders12 118.2 144.6 -18.2% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.11 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.10 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5%Q4 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €347.0 million  down -6.2% compared to Q4 2021  primarily due to the solid performance of advanced data services and listing activities  offset by lower cash and fixed income trading and post-trade revenue  including net treasury income. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -6.1% in Q4 2022  to €346.5 million  compared to Q4 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2022  compared to 58% in Q4 2021  reflecting higher advanced data services and services revenue. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 130% in Q4 2022  compared to 136% in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €159.2 million  slightly up +1.6%  reflecting strong cost discipline in an inflationary environment and higher capitalised project costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation slightly increased by +2.1% compared to Q4 2021.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €187.9 million  down -12.0% compared to Q4 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%  down -3.5 points compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2022 was down -12.1%  to €187.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 54.2%  down -3.7pts points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €42.6 million in Q4 2022  -12.8% less than in Q4 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.8 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €168.4 million  a -13.3% decrease compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -13.4% compared to Q4 2021  at €168.2 million.€34.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q4 2022 was €6.0 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.7 million in Q4 2021. This decrease results from higher interest income due to increased interest rates partially offset by the higher cost of issued bonds and a negative revaluation of foreign currency balances.Results from equity investments amounted to €12.6 million in Q4 2022  representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in Q4 2021  Euronext reported €7.3 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2022 was €38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter (Q4 2021: €35.7 million and 23.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €3.0 million in Q4 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -11.9% for Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021  to €99.3 million. This represents a reported EPS of €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022  compared to €1.05 basic and €1.05 diluted in Q4 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -18.2% to €118.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -18.0% in Q4 2022  at €1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.35 per share in Q4 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In Q4 2022  Euronext reported a negative net cash flow from operating activities of €147.1 million  compared to a positive €145.6 million in Q4 2021  reflecting higher negative changes in working capital reflecting notably short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 51.9% of EBITDA in Q4 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Listing revenue 53.5 51.9 +3.1% 218.4 189.7 +15.1% Equity 27.0 23.9 +12.6% 108.5 86.9 +24.9% Annual fees 16.7 15.1 +10.5% 68.4 52.9 +29.5% Follow-ons 6.3 5.6 +12.8% 20.8 18.2 +13.9% IPOs 4.0 3.2 +22.3% 19.3 15.8 +22.4% Debts 9.0 10.5 -14.4% 36.6 38.5 -4.9% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.8 5.7 +1.8% 22.7 18.9 +20.2% Corporate Services 9.6 8.6 +11.4% 39.5 37.1 +6.5% ELITE and Other 2.2 3.1 -30.3% 11.1 8.3 +33.0% Money raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1%Fourth quarter 2022Listing revenue was €53.5 million in Q4 2022  an increase of +3.1% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time13. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.8% compared to Q4 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 24 new listings in Q4 2022. This compares to 57 new listings in the fourth quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Nine of the new listings in Q4 2022 were from international companies  confirming Euronext as the listing venue of choice outside of its core markets.In Q4 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €310 million raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q4 2021 with €6.6 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported a strong quarter with €10.1 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q4 2022  compared to €8.3 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 80 new listings.Euronext’s bond franchise remained resilient despite a challenging economic environment. In Q4 2022  €226.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €389.4 billion raised in Q4 2021.In total  €237.3 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q4 2022  compared to €404.2 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.6 million in Q4 2022  up +11.4% compared to Q4 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context and partially offset by a negative one-off adjustment.Full year 2022Listing revenue was €218.4 million in 2022  an increase of +15.1% compared to 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time14. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.6% compared to 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 83 new listings in 2022  outperforming all European listing venues. This compares to 212 in 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Five of the top ten largest IPOs in Europe15 in 2022 took place on Euronext  and 20 listings from international companies16  demonstrating Euronext’s attractiveness for companies in its core markets in Europe and beyond.In 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €3.8 billion raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a record 2021 with €26.0 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €28.5 billion raised in secondary equity issues in 2022  compared to €83.0 billion in 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 478 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in 202217  growing the number of bonds listed to more than 53 000 across all Euronext markets  despite persisting negative debt market conditions globally due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In 2022  €961.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €1.5 trillion raised in 2021.In total  €994.1 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in 2022  which represents the second best year for equity and debt listing in Euronext’s history after the €1.6 trillion raised in 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong year in terms of revenue at €39.5 million in 2022  up +6.5% compared to 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Trading revenue 116.3 132.3 -12.1% 514.1 465.3 +10.5% Cash trading revenue 65.1 79.3 -17.9% 301.7 293.7 +2.7% ADV Cash market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Derivatives trading revenue 13.4 14.2 -5.4% 58.4 52.5 +11.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 622 975 718 023 -13.2% 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Fixed income trading revenue 22.1 24.2 -8.5% 93.0 65.8 +41.3% ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% 353 700 282 655 +25.1% ADV other fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2% 909 895 +1.6% Spot FX trading revenue 6.7 6.1 +9.5% 28.4 23.5 +21.0% ADV spot FX Market (in USDm) 20 160 19 381 +4.0% 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power trading revenue 8.9 8.5 +4.7% 32.7 29.9 +9.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.98 2.76 +7.9% 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.13 0.08 +69.6% 0.10 0.07 +49.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis. Volumes including Italy on a pro forma basis for 2021 until the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021.Fourth quarter 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -17.9% to €65.1 million in Q4 2022  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by an uptick in market share from October 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €10.1 billion  a volume decrease of-17.2% compared to Q4 2021 resulting from a softer trading environment and partially offset by efficient revenue capture management.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana markets and larger average order size. During the fourth quarter 2022  Euronext continued to enhance its fee schemes. The latter translated into an uptick in market share from October 2022. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in Q4 2022. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates18.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on its cash equity trading business. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -17.9% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue decreased by -5.4% to €13.4 million in Q4 2022 as the volume mix positively impacted revenue capture and partially offset softer volumes in equity futures and options trading.During the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial derivatives was 550 517 lots  down -12.7% from Q4 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis with the higher volatility in Q4 2021.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 72 457 lots in Q4 2022  down -17.2% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting a normalised trading environment .Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2022  reflecting improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -5.3% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €22.1 million in Q4 2022  compared to €24.2 million in Q4 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the fourth quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €12.8 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.6 million of revenue.The fourth quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +36.0% compared to Q4 2021 to €397.0 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -32.7% to €15.4 billion  compared to €22.9 billion in Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.5% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €6.7 million in Q4 2022  up +9.5% from Q4 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue continued to benefit from geographic expansion and product diversification  despite softening volatility compared to the start of 2022.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD 20.2 billion were recorded  up +4.0% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -2.2% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €8.9 million in revenue in Q4 2022  representing a strong growth of +4.7% compared to Q4 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. In Q4 2022  record intraday power trading volumes were reported in Central and Western Europe.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.98TWh  up +7.9% compared to Q4 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.13 TWh  up +69.6% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +9.0% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue increased by +2.7% to € 301.7 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong volumes during the first semester of 2022  partially offset by lower volumes in the second half of 2022. Over 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €11.7 billion  stable compared to a record year 2021 at €11.8 billion. Euronext continued to be the provider of the best market quality  with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates19.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash trading averaged 66.6%  with a clear uptick in market share since October 2022  thanks to intense commercial activity and enhanced fee schemes.Over 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of the Borsa Italiana fee grid before the migration to the Optiq® trading platform and higher transaction orders sizes on a reported basis. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -4.4% in 2022 compared to 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +11.3% to €58.4 million in 2022  as a result of strong traction on the index derivatives franchise and improved product mix enhancing revenue capture.During 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 616 092 lots  down -5.3% from 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis in a volatile 2021  including lower activity from equity finance clients.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 79 318 lots in 2022  down -3.5% compared to 2021  reflecting a decrease in commodity futures trading compared to all-time high levels in 2021  partly offset by record activity on commodity options.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot in 2022  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +2.6% in 2022 compared to 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €93.0 million in 2022  compared to €65.8 million in 2021  reflecting the consolidation of MTS  whose volumes reflected the change in macro-economic conditions in Europe with rising inflation  interest rates and uncertainties which favoured money markets.MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In 2022  MTS Cash reported €59.5 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €21.6 million of revenue.2022 recorded strong growth in Repo trading  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +25.1% compared to 2021 to €353.7 billion. This compensated for lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -21.2% to €18.9 billion  compared to €24.0 billion in 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported all-time record revenues at €28.4 million in 2022  up +21.0% from 2021. Euronext FX trading benefited from the positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over 2022  average daily volumes of USD 22.5 billion were recorded  up +17.1% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +7.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €32.7 million in revenue in 2022  representing a strong growth of +9.4% compared to 2021  driven by record volumes  totalling over 1 000TWh  and continued successful geographic expansion in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland. Over 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.75TWh  up +11.4% compared to 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +49.8% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +8.9% compared to 2021.Investor ServicesFourth quarter 2022Investor Services reported €2.6 million revenue in Q4 2022  representing a +13.2% increase compared to Q4 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Investor Services reported €9.6 million revenue in 2022  representing a +7.9% increase compared to 2021  resulting from successful growth of the client base and successful key product launches.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +10.8% compared to 2021.Advanced Data ServicesFourth quarter 2022Advanced Data Services reached record revenue of €54.5 million in Q4 2022  up +7.3% from Q4 2021  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products  and a resilient quarter for the indices franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +7.7% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Advanced Data Services recorded revenue grew to €212.1 million in 2022  up +15.5% from 2021  driven by the consolidation of Borsa Italiana’s data businesses  as well as a strong performance of the core data and advanced data solutions businesses. The Euronext’s indices franchise posted a resilient performance in 2022  despite lower structured products activity following two years of intense volatility.Euronext continued to expand its ESG Indices franchise in 2022 including with the successful launch of ESG versions of its national flagship indices  the AEX® ESG in the Netherlands and the OBX® ESG in Norway  reinforcing the existing offering that already included the CAC 40® ESG in France and the MIB® ESG in Italy.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.4% compared to 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 88.6 90.9 -2.5% 364.5 320.6 +13.7% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% 121.4 101.4 +19.7% Revenue from LCH SA 18.1 18.5 -2.4% 75.8 71.5 +6.1% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.9 11.6 -6.3% 45.6 29.9 +52.5% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 59.6 60.7 -1.9% 243.1 219.2 +10.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% (4.9)1 35.4 -113.9%ClearingFourth quarter 2022Clearing revenue was down -3.9% to €29.0 million in Q4 2022  as a result of weaker cash equity and derivatives clearing activity  partly offset by stronger bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €8.9 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022).Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for bond clearing  and a decrease in equity and derivatives clearing in line with trading volumes. In Q4 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.4 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was down -3.9% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Clearing revenue grew by +19.7% to €121.4 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and a volatile volume environment throughout the year. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €39.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected the general market dynamic over 2022  with a gradual decline in equity and derivatives clearing volumes offset by a steady increase in bond clearing volumes. In 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €6.5 million from derivatives clearing  €16.7 million from equities clearing  and €9.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +3.8% compared to 2021.Net treasury incomeFourth quarter 2022As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio20. It disposed the portfolio maturing after 1 May 2023 while retaining its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023  which it will hold to maturity. As a consequence  net treasury income amounted to €4.3 million in Q4 2022.Full year 2022The partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million  reported in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss  net treasury income totalled €44.0 million in 2022  impacted by a high level of collateral held due to high levels of volatility.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesFourth quarter 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €59.6 million in Q4 2022  down -1.9% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting Euronext Securities resilient topline thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilised settlement environment. The fourth quarter of 2022 also showed a recovery in the value of assets under custody.26 265 921 settlement instructions were processed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -1.6% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €243.1 million in 2022  up +10.9% compared to 2021  driven by the consolidation of Euronext Securities Milan  a positively geared geographical mix and stable assets under custody  which offset lower settlement activity.120 550 357 settlement instructions were processed in 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion at the end of December 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -4.8% compared to 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueFourth quarter 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.9 million in Q4 2022  up +1.8% from Q4 2021  reflecting good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext’s Core Data Centre more than offsetting lower revenue from hosting services.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +2.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €100.1 million in 2022  up +17.1% from 2021  resulting from the consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group technology activities  including Gatelab and X2M and additional revenue generated through colocation activity following the Euronext’s Core Data Centre migration.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.3%. compared to 2021.Q4 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2022 results on 3 November 2022Completion of the acquisition of the technology business from Nexi’s capital markets activitiesOn 1 December 2022  Euronext announced the completion of the purchase of the technology business powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan  from Nexi. This Transaction enables Euronext to fully internalise the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan. Following this Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and services under commercial agreements.Disposal of MTS Markets International Inc.  US subsidiary of MTS S.p.A.On 15 December 2022  MTS S.p.A.  the leading European bond trading platform majority-owned by Euronext  announced that it has completed the sale of its US subsidiary MTS Markets International Inc. (“MMI”) to Tradition America Holdings Inc.  a subsidiary of Compagnie Financière Tradition SA.The sale of MMI was implemented as a result of the conclusion of a strategic review initiated following the integration of Borsa Italiana and the decision to divest non-core assets.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2023Expansion of Euronext Clearing to derivatives marketsOn 16 January 2023  Euronext announced that the European expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext derivatives markets is planned for Q3 2024. Euronext expects to migrate the listed financial derivatives and commodities markets of Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext Brussels  Euronext Lisbon  Oslo Børs and Euronext Paris from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing by Q3 202421. As a reminder  Euronext Clearing already clears Euronext Milan listed derivatives.As Euronext Clearing undertakes derivatives clearing services in Europe  Euronext has decided to terminate the existing derivatives clearing agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA  under the terms of the Agreement. Therefore  on 16 January 2023  Euronext served LCH SA notice of termination for the purposes of the Agreement.As set up in the Agreement  Euronext will pay a termination fee of approximately €36.0 million to LCH SA  provisioned in its income statement as non-underlying expenses in Q1 2023  and payable in 2024. As previously stated  this amount is included in the €150 million of implementation costs related to the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and already announced in November 2021.Following the notification of the early termination of the Agreement  LCH Group has the option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Further communication related to the stake owned by Euronext in LCH SA will be made when appropriate.Euronext and LCH SA are committed to working together to ensure an orderly migration of clearing flows from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing.The termination of the Agreement does not impact the existing clearing agreement signed between MTS S.p.A and LCH SA nor the existing agreement related to the interoperability link on Italian Government Bonds between Euronext Clearing and LCH SA.ESG innovation across the Group Euronext’s upgraded greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi): By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. On 12 January 2023  Euronext announced the launch of the CAC SBT 1.5°  an index investing solely in companies within the SBF 120 Index that have emissions reduction targets approved to be aigned with the 1.5° goal of the Paris agreement. Euronext entered the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  indices highlighting European companies that have demonstrated a strong role in improving gender equality. The gender equality score provider for these indices  Equileap  assesses each company’s commitment to gender equality from its boardroom to its supply chain  and is inspired by the UN Women’s Empowerment principles. The index methodology also applies activity-based exclusions  UNGC compliance and controversial activities exclusion.Euronext volumes January 2023In January 2023  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 794 million  down -29.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 625 398 contracts (-23.3% compared to January 2022) and the open interest was 21 803 069 contracts at the end of January 2022 (-14.6% compared to the end of January 2022).The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $19 646 million in January 2023  down -12.1% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were down -11.7% to € 19 309 million in January 2023  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €387 930 million  up +4.9% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 5 822 840 shares in January 2023  -27.4% compared to January 2022. €2 311 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +22.1% compared to the same period in 2022. 1 121 094 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +154.9% compared to January 2022. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -7.8% compared to January 2022  at 2 469 525 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 125 961 settlement instructions in January 2023  -13.8% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.3 trillion in January 2023  down -2.4% compared to January 2022.Upgrade of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ synergies targetEuronext upgrades its targeted 2024 annual run-rate pre-tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by €15 millon and now expects to deliver €115 million of cumulated annual run-rate pre tax synergies by the end of 2024.This compares to the €100 million already upgraded cumulated annual run-rate pre-tax synergies target announced in November 2021 and the initial target of €60 million set in October 2020.The €150 million of expected non-reccuring implementation costs remain unchanged.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 10 February 2023  at 09:00am CET (Paris time) / 08:00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2022 Q4 2021 FY 2022 FY 2021 Net income reported 99.3 112.7 437.8 413.3 EPS reported 0.93 1.05 4.10 4.30 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) (0.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (11.0) (13.9) (27.2) (57.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (23.1) (29.6) (91.4) (73.2) of which Net financing expense 3.1 0.0 2.3 (7.2) of which results from equity investments (0.0) 0.0 (1.5) (4.3) of which Minority interest 3.9 0.2 4.6 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.2 11.4 44.7 28.8 Adjusted net income 118.2 144.6 555.3 438.1 Adjusted EPS 1.11 1.35 5.21 5.47The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.26,0.15,True,English,"['full year 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'cash trading market share', 'diversified business model', 'tougher market conditions', 'cash trading volumes', 'volume related business', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'parent company shareholders', 'strong cash generation', 'real-time data businesses', 'continued cost disciplin', '83 new equity listings', 'strong inflationary pressure', 'Income tax rate', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'efficient cost control', 'Net financing expenses', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'Net treasury income', 'higher share count', 'full year 2022 results', 'pre-tax loss', 'power trading', 'leading venue', 'Trading revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'operational expenses', 'underlying revenue', 'efficient management', 'strong performance', 'equity investments', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'net income', 'Strong results', '2024 synergies target', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A', 'softer environment', 'second semester', 'settlement activity', 'product mix', 'debt listing', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Dividend proposal', 'pay-out ratio', 'Annual G', 'revenue capture', 'Post-trade revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Listing revenue', 'l5 % var', 'partial disposal', 'EBITDA margin', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'Q4', '9 February', 'FX', 'yield', 'uptick', 'October', 'Custody', 'consolidation', '29 April', 'resilience', 'Adjus', 'EPS', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'Story', 'income1', '28 July', '70', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18055,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604723/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Orion-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation,ORION CORPORATION   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING 9 FEBRUARY 2023 at 12:15 EET    Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion......,English FinnishORION CORPORATIONSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING9 FEBRUARY 2023 at 12:15 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Orion Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 22 March 2023 at 2:00 p.m. Finnish time at Messukeskus Siipi conference centre at the address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will start at 1:00 p.m. Finnish time at the meeting venue. Coffee will be served after the meeting.Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights.Shareholders may ask the Company questions in writing on the matters to be considered at the meeting before the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the instructions presented in this notice under Section C. The Company aims to address such questions at the Annual General Meeting to the extent practicable. Asking questions in advance in writing does not constitute participation in the Annual General Meeting under the Finnish Companies Act  or the exercise of the shareholder’s right to request information and to speak at the meeting. Questions made in writing before the meeting do not fall under Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  and the Company has no obligation to respond to such questions.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Matters of order for the meeting3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legal convening of the meeting and quorum5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEO.The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en at the latest as from 1 March 2023.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 1.60 per share be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022. According to the proposal  the dividend is paid to shareholders entered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the dividend distribution  24 March 2023. The date of the dividend payment would be 31 March 2023.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that EUR 350 000 of the Company’s distributable funds be donated to medical research and other purposes of public interest as decided by the Board of Directors.The liquidity of the Company is good and  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed profit distribution would not compromise the liquidity of the Company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2022 be adopted. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report for the governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en at the latest from 1 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Company’s Nomination Committee has announced as its recommendation that the following remunerations would be paid to the Board of Directors:As an annual fee  the Chairman would receive EUR 100 000  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 61 000 and the other members would receive EUR 50 000 each. However  if a member of the board acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the R&D Committee  her/his annual fee would be EUR 61 000.In addition  as a fee for each meeting attended  the Chairman would receive EUR 1 200  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 900 and the other members would receive EUR 600 each. The travel expenses of the Board members would be paid in accordance with the previously adopted practice. The aforementioned meeting attendance fees would also be paid to the Chairmen and to the members of the committees established by the Board. The meeting attendance fees of Board members permanently resident outside Finland would be doubled if the meeting was held outside the country of residence of such a member and the person attended the meeting at the place of the meeting.Of the above-mentioned annual fees  60 percent would be paid in cash and 40 percent in Orion Corporation B shares  which would be acquired for the members over the period 28 April–5 May 2023 from the stock exchange in amounts corresponding to EUR 40 000 for the Chairman  EUR 24 400 for the Vice Chairman and for the board members acting as the Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the R&D Committee and EUR 20 000 for each of the other members. The part of the annual fee that is to be paid in cash corresponds to the approximate sum necessary for the payment of the income taxes on the fees and would be paid no later than 31 May 2023. The annual fees shall encompass the full term of office of the Board of Directors.In addition  the company would pay the transfer tax related to the part of the annual fee of the Board of Directors paid in shares.Potential statutory social security and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland would be borne by Orion Corporation as required by the applicable national legislation.Board members would be required to retain ownership of the Orion Corporation B shares paid as fees for a period of two years from the date of payment of the fees. However  if the person’s membership of the Board of Directors of the company were to end before the expiry of the restriction on transfer  the restriction on transfer would expire at the end of the membership of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee has not given its recommendation for the remunerations to the Board of Directors  but the matter will be proposed by a shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee notes that the annual fees are recommended to be increased approximately by 11 percent. Meeting fees are the same as those decided in 2022.The members of the Nomination Committee belonging to the Board of Directors did not participate in the consideration or decision-making of the recommendation on the remuneration of the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors would be eight.13. Election of the members and the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the present members of the Board  Kari Jussi Aho  Maziar Mike Doustdar  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen  Mikael Silvennoinen and Karen Lykke Sørensen would be re-elected for the next term of office.Mikael Silvennoinen would be re-elected as the Chairman of the Board.All proposed members have been evaluated to be independent of the Company and its significant shareholders.Brief presentations of all the persons proposed as Board members and their independence evaluations are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Auditor be paid based on invoicing approved by the Company.15. Election of the AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company's Auditor for the next term of office.16. Amendment to Article 10 of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the first paragraph of Article 10 of the company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to Espoo and Helsinki. In its amended form  said article would read in its entirety as follows:“10 § The General Meeting of the Shareholders shall be held either in Espoo or in Helsinki  as decided by the Board of Directors. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting of the Shareholders be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using a telecommunications connection and technical means (remote meeting).The Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders  which shall be held annually by the end of May on a date decided by the Board of Directors shall:be presented with:1) the Financial Statements  including the Consolidated Financial Statements  and the Report by the Board of Directors 2) the Auditor's Report decide on:3) the adoption of the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements4) the use of the profits available for shareholders according to the Balance Sheet 5) discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO 6) the number of the members of the Board of Directors 7) the fees payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor elect:8) the members of the Board of Directors so that  in accordance with the decision by the General Meeting of the Shareholders  the person or persons getting most of the votes shall be elected 9) from among the members of the Board of Directors  the Chairman of the Board 10) the auditor  as well as tohandle:11) other issues mentioned separately in the notice to convene.”The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders’ rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to ask questions and vote. The possibility to organise general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented at a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares on the following terms and conditions:Number of new shares to be issuedBased on the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the issuance of no more than 14 000 000 new class B shares. The maximum number of shares to be issued corresponds to less than 10% of all shares in the Company and less than 2% of all votes in the Company.The new shares may be issued only against payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed share issueThe new shares may be issuedin a targeted issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the issue regardless of whether they own class A or B shares; orin a targeted issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as the development of the capital structure of the Company  using the shares as consideration in possible corporate acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business or financing investments.The authorisation may not be used as a part of the Company’s incentive system. The new shares may not be issued to the Company itself.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for new shares issued shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the issuance of shares.The share issue authorisation concerning issuance of new shares shall be valid until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.This authorisation does not cancel the share issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 23 March 2022 concerning the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and the recommendation of the Nomination Committee as well as this notice to the Annual General Meeting are available on Orion Corporation’s website at www.orion.fi/en. The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report as well as the Remuneration Report of Orion Corporation are available on the above-mentioned website no later than 1 March 2023. The proposals for resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available for review at the meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 5 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders being on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 10 March 2023  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 13 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time. A shareholder registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the meeting no later than on 16 March 2023 before 4:00 p.m. Finnish time  by which deadline the registration must be received by the recipient. Such registration may be madea) on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en  which requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder  legal representative or proxy representative using personal Finnish online banking credentials or Mobile ID or Swedish BankID.b) by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland;c) by telephone to +358 10 2818 909 Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of a possible assistant  legal representative or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of the proxy representative  must be given in connection with the registration. The personal data given in connection with the registration is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations relating to it.The shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 10 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the general meeting requires that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest on 17 March 2023 by 10:00 a.m. Finnish time. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to timely request from their custodian bank the necessary instructions concerning the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank must register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and arrange the advance voting on behalf of the nominee registered shareholder before the expiry of the registration period applicable to the nominee registered shareholders.3. Use of proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronic registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder requires strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by using the proxy representative’s personal Finnish online banking credentials or Mobile ID or Swedish BankID. A proxy representative is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Templates of the proxy document and voting instructions are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. Delivery of proxy documents before the closing of the registration is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration is included.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication using personal Finnish online banking credentials or Mobile ID in the general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on the agenda items 7 to 17 during the period from 13 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time until 16 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish timea) on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en  which requires strong electronic authentication in the same manner as described in relation to the registration in this notice under section C.1;b) by post or by e-mail by delivering the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or the corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period. The advance voting form will be available on the Company’s website on 13 February 2023 at the latest. The delivery of votes in this manner before the closing of the registration and the advance voting is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration is included.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to change after the end of the advance period the votes cast unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the Annual General Meeting without any changes. The conditions of the advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company’s website www.orion.fi/en.5. Other instructions/informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Shareholders may ask questions on the matters to be considered at the meeting until 16 March 2023 by e-mail to agm@orion.fi. The Company aims to address such questions at the Annual General Meeting to the extent practicable. Asking questions in advance in writing does not constitute participation in the Annual General Meeting under the Finnish Companies Act  or the exercise of the shareholder’s right to request information and to speak at the meeting. Questions made in writing before the meeting do not fall under Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  and the Company has no obligation to respond to such questions. Shareholders are required to present in connection with any such questions reasonable evidence of their shareholding.It is possible for the shareholders to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast by ordering a link and password in advance by 16 March 2023 by 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Instructions for ordering the link and the password and following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en. It is not possible to exercise the shareholders’ rights under the Finnish Companies Act via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  9 February 2023  the total number of shares in Orion Corporation is 141 134 278  of which 34 032 382 are class A shares and 107 101 896 class B shares  representing in total 787 749 536 votes  of which class A shares account for 680 647 640 votes and class B shares for 107 101 896 votes.Espoo  9 February 2023Orion CorporationBoard of DirectorsOrion CorporationLiisa HurmePresident and CEO Olli HuotariSVP  Corporate FunctionsContact person:Tuukka Hirvonen  Investor Relations  phone +358 10 426 2721Publisher:Orion Corporationhttp://www.orion.fi/enhttp://www.twitter.com/OrionCorpIROrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and self-care products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. Orion's net sales in 2022 amounted to EUR 1 341 million and the company had about 3 500 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Orion Corporation', 'Notice', 'Messukeskus Siipi conference centre', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'R&D Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Annual General Meeting', 'meeting attendance fees', 'The Financial Statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual fee', 'English Finnish', 'Finnish time', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'legal convening', 'Balance Sheet', 'distributable funds', 'medical research', 'other purposes', 'public interest', 'Governing Bodies', 'following remunerations', 'travel expenses', 'meeting venue', 'financial year', 'ORION CORPORATION', 'section C', 'other members', '10. Remuneration Report', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'record date', 'dividend distribution', 'Vice Chairman', 'The Board', 'advance voting', 'The Company', 'Wednesday 22 March', 'shareholders rights', 'orion.fi', 'profit distribution', 'Board members', '1 March', 'NOTICE', '9 FEBRUARY', '12:15 EET', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'attendees', 'Coffee', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'writing', 'accordance', 'extent', 'participation', 'information', 'Chapter', 'obligation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'quorum', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', 'basis', '31 December', 'register', 'payment', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'opinion', 'discharge', 'liability', 'recommendation', 'practice', '2:00', '1:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18056,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORION-OYJ-1412508/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Orion-Corporation-42938863/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation,(marketscreener.com)  ORION CORPORATION   STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING 9 FEBRUARY 2023 at 12:15 EET Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation Notice is given to the shareholders of Orion Corporation of the Annual General…,ORION CORPORATIONSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE / NOTICE TO GENERAL MEETING9 FEBRUARY 2023 at 12:15 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Orion CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Orion Corporation of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 22 March 2023 at 2:00 p.m. Finnish time at Messukeskus Siipi conference centre at the address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  Helsinki  Finland. The reception of attendees who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will start at 1:00 p.m. Finnish time at the meeting venue. Coffee will be served after the meeting.Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights.Shareholders may ask the Company questions in writing on the matters to be considered at the meeting before the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the instructions presented in this notice under Section C. The Company aims to address such questions at the Annual General Meeting to the extent practicable. Asking questions in advance in writing does not constitute participation in the Annual General Meeting under the Finnish Companies Act  or the exercise of the shareholder’s right to request information and to speak at the meeting. Questions made in writing before the meeting do not fall under Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  and the Company has no obligation to respond to such questions.A. Matters on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Matters of order for the meeting3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legal convening of the meeting and quorum5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEO.The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en at the latest as from 1 March 2023.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the Balance Sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 1.60 per share be paid on the basis of the Balance Sheet confirmed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022. According to the proposal  the dividend is paid to shareholders entered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the dividend distribution  24 March 2023. The date of the dividend payment would be 31 March 2023.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that EUR 350 000 of the Company’s distributable funds be donated to medical research and other purposes of public interest as decided by the Board of Directors.The liquidity of the Company is good and  in the opinion of the Board of Directors  the proposed profit distribution would not compromise the liquidity of the Company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2022 be adopted. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report for the governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en at the latest from 1 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Company’s Nomination Committee has announced as its recommendation that the following remunerations would be paid to the Board of Directors:As an annual fee  the Chairman would receive EUR 100 000  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 61 000 and the other members would receive EUR 50 000 each. However  if a member of the board acts as the Chairman of the Audit Committee or the R&D Committee  her/his annual fee would be EUR 61 000.In addition  as a fee for each meeting attended  the Chairman would receive EUR 1 200  the Vice Chairman would receive EUR 900 and the other members would receive EUR 600 each. The travel expenses of the Board members would be paid in accordance with the previously adopted practice. The aforementioned meeting attendance fees would also be paid to the Chairmen and to the members of the committees established by the Board. The meeting attendance fees of Board members permanently resident outside Finland would be doubled if the meeting was held outside the country of residence of such a member and the person attended the meeting at the place of the meeting.Of the above-mentioned annual fees  60 percent would be paid in cash and 40 percent in Orion Corporation B shares  which would be acquired for the members over the period 28 April–5 May 2023 from the stock exchange in amounts corresponding to EUR 40 000 for the Chairman  EUR 24 400 for the Vice Chairman and for the board members acting as the Chairmen of the Audit Committee and the R&D Committee and EUR 20 000 for each of the other members. The part of the annual fee that is to be paid in cash corresponds to the approximate sum necessary for the payment of the income taxes on the fees and would be paid no later than 31 May 2023. The annual fees shall encompass the full term of office of the Board of Directors.In addition  the company would pay the transfer tax related to the part of the annual fee of the Board of Directors paid in shares.Potential statutory social security and pension costs incurring to Board members having permanent residence outside Finland would be borne by Orion Corporation as required by the applicable national legislation.Board members would be required to retain ownership of the Orion Corporation B shares paid as fees for a period of two years from the date of payment of the fees. However  if the person’s membership of the Board of Directors of the company were to end before the expiry of the restriction on transfer  the restriction on transfer would expire at the end of the membership of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Committee has not given its recommendation for the remunerations to the Board of Directors  but the matter will be proposed by a shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee notes that the annual fees are recommended to be increased approximately by 11 percent. Meeting fees are the same as those decided in 2022.The members of the Nomination Committee belonging to the Board of Directors did not participate in the consideration or decision-making of the recommendation on the remuneration of the Board of Directors.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors would be eight.13. Election of the members and the Chairman of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the recommendation by the Company’s Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the present members of the Board  Kari Jussi Aho  Maziar Mike Doustdar  Ari Lehtoranta  Veli-Matti Mattila  Hilpi Rautelin  Eija Ronkainen  Mikael Silvennoinen and Karen Lykke Sørensen would be re-elected for the next term of office.Mikael Silvennoinen would be re-elected as the Chairman of the Board.All proposed members have been evaluated to be independent of the Company and its significant shareholders.Brief presentations of all the persons proposed as Board members and their independence evaluations are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Auditor be paid based on invoicing approved by the Company.15. Election of the AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation by the Board’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company's Auditor for the next term of office.16. Amendment to Article 10 of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the first paragraph of Article 10 of the company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to Espoo and Helsinki. In its amended form  said article would read in its entirety as follows:“10 § The General Meeting of the Shareholders shall be held either in Espoo or in Helsinki  as decided by the Board of Directors. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting of the Shareholders be held without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using a telecommunications connection and technical means (remote meeting).The Annual General Meeting of the Shareholders  which shall be held annually by the end of May on a date decided by the Board of Directors shall:be presented with:1) the Financial Statements  including the Consolidated Financial Statements  and the Report by the Board of Directors 2) the Auditor's Report decide on:3) the adoption of the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements4) the use of the profits available for shareholders according to the Balance Sheet 5) discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO 6) the number of the members of the Board of Directors 7) the fees payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor elect:8) the members of the Board of Directors so that  in accordance with the decision by the General Meeting of the Shareholders  the person or persons getting most of the votes shall be elected 9) from among the members of the Board of Directors  the Chairman of the Board 10) the auditor  as well as tohandle:11) other issues mentioned separately in the notice to convene.”The proposal is based on the changes to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders’ rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to ask questions and vote. The possibility to organise general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented at a general meeting under any circumstances.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue by issuing new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on a share issue by issuing new shares on the following terms and conditions:Number of new shares to be issuedBased on the authorisation  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to decide on the issuance of no more than 14 000 000 new class B shares. The maximum number of shares to be issued corresponds to less than 10% of all shares in the Company and less than 2% of all votes in the Company.The new shares may be issued only against payment.Shareholder’s pre-emptive rights and directed share issueThe new shares may be issuedin a targeted issue to the Company’s shareholders in proportion to their holdings at the time of the issue regardless of whether they own class A or B shares; orin a targeted issue  deviating from the shareholder’s pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason  such as the development of the capital structure of the Company  using the shares as consideration in possible corporate acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business or financing investments.The authorisation may not be used as a part of the Company’s incentive system. The new shares may not be issued to the Company itself.Subscription price in the Balance SheetThe amounts paid for new shares issued shall be recorded in the reserve for invested unrestricted equity.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other matters related to the issuance of shares.The share issue authorisation concerning issuance of new shares shall be valid until the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.This authorisation does not cancel the share issue authorisation given by the Annual General Meeting of Orion Corporation on 23 March 2022 concerning the conveyance of the Company’s own shares held by the Company.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and the recommendation of the Nomination Committee as well as this notice to the Annual General Meeting are available on Orion Corporation’s website at www.orion.fi/en. The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report as well as the Remuneration Report of Orion Corporation are available on the above-mentioned website no later than 1 March 2023. The proposals for resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents will also be available for review at the meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from 5 April 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders being on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 10 March 2023  registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 13 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time. A shareholder registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting must register for the meeting no later than on 16 March 2023 before 4:00 p.m. Finnish time  by which deadline the registration must be received by the recipient. Such registration may be madea) on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en  which requires strong electronic authentication of the shareholder  legal representative or proxy representative using personal Finnish online banking credentials or Mobile ID or Swedish BankID.b) by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland;c) by telephone to +358 10 2818 909 Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Finnish time.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name of a possible assistant  legal representative or proxy representative and the date of birth/personal identification number of the proxy representative  must be given in connection with the registration. The personal data given in connection with the registration is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations relating to it.The shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesHolders of nominee registered shares have the right to participate in the general meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  on 10 March 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  participation in the general meeting requires that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest on 17 March 2023 by 10:00 a.m. Finnish time. As regards nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.Holders of nominee registered shares are advised to timely request from their custodian bank the necessary instructions concerning the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank must register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting temporarily in the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and arrange the advance voting on behalf of the nominee registered shareholder before the expiry of the registration period applicable to the nominee registered shareholders.3. Use of proxy representative and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronic registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder requires strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by using the proxy representative’s personal Finnish online banking credentials or Mobile ID or Swedish BankID. A proxy representative is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Templates of the proxy document and voting instructions are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder must be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. Delivery of proxy documents before the closing of the registration is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration is included.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication using personal Finnish online banking credentials or Mobile ID in the general meeting service when registering  after which the electronic mandate is automatically checked. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on the agenda items 7 to 17 during the period from 13 February 2023 at 9:00 a.m. Finnish time until 16 March 2023 at 4:00 p.m. Finnish timea) on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en  which requires strong electronic authentication in the same manner as described in relation to the registration in this notice under section C.1;b) by post or by e-mail by delivering the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or the corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by post to Innovatics Ltd  AGM / Orion Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period. The advance voting form will be available on the Company’s website on 13 February 2023 at the latest. The delivery of votes in this manner before the closing of the registration and the advance voting is considered due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the above-mentioned information required for registration is included.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to change after the end of the advance period the votes cast unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the Annual General Meeting without any changes. The conditions of the advance voting and other related instructions are available on the Company’s website www.orion.fi/en.5. Other instructions/informationThe language of the meeting is Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Shareholders may ask questions on the matters to be considered at the meeting until 16 March 2023 by e-mail to agm@orion.fi. The Company aims to address such questions at the Annual General Meeting to the extent practicable. Asking questions in advance in writing does not constitute participation in the Annual General Meeting under the Finnish Companies Act  or the exercise of the shareholder’s right to request information and to speak at the meeting. Questions made in writing before the meeting do not fall under Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  and the Company has no obligation to respond to such questions. Shareholders are required to present in connection with any such questions reasonable evidence of their shareholding.It is possible for the shareholders to follow the Annual General Meeting via webcast by ordering a link and password in advance by 16 March 2023 by 4:00 p.m. Finnish time. Instructions for ordering the link and the password and following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.orion.fi/en. It is not possible to exercise the shareholders’ rights under the Finnish Companies Act via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting.Changes in shareholding occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes held by a shareholder.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  9 February 2023  the total number of shares in Orion Corporation is 141 134 278  of which 34 032 382 are class A shares and 107 101 896 class B shares  representing in total 787 749 536 votes  of which class A shares account for 680 647 640 votes and class B shares for 107 101 896 votes.Espoo  9 February 2023Orion CorporationBoard of DirectorsOrion CorporationLiisa HurmePresident and CEO Olli HuotariSVP  Corporate FunctionsContact person:Tuukka Hirvonen  Investor Relations  phone +358 10 426 2721Publisher:Orion Corporationhttp://www.orion.fi/enhttp://www.twitter.com/OrionCorpIROrion is a globally operating Finnish pharmaceutical company – a builder of well-being. We develop  manufacture and market human and veterinary pharmaceuticals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. Orion has an extensive portfolio of proprietary and generic medicines and self-care products. The core therapy areas of our pharmaceutical R&D are oncology and pain. Proprietary products developed by Orion are used to treat cancer  neurological diseases and respiratory diseases  among others. Orion's net sales in 2022 amounted to EUR 1 341 million and the company had about 3 500 employees at the end of the year. Orion's A and B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Orion Corporation', 'Notice', 'Messukeskus Siipi conference centre', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'R&D Committee', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Financial Statements', 'meeting attendance fees', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Finnish time', 'annual fee', 'Nomination Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'legal convening', 'Balance Sheet', 'distributable funds', 'medical research', 'other purposes', 'public interest', 'Governing Bodies', 'following remunerations', 'travel expenses', 'meeting venue', 'financial year', 'ORION CORPORATION', 'section C', 'orion.fi', 'other members', '10. Remuneration Report', 'The Company', 'The Board', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'record date', 'dividend distribution', 'Vice Chairman', 'advance voting', 'Wednesday 22 March', 'shareholders rights', 'profit distribution', 'Board members', '1 March', 'NOTICE', '9 FEBRUARY', '12:15 EET', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'attendees', 'Coffee', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'writing', 'accordance', 'extent', 'information', 'Chapter', 'obligation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'order', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'quorum', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'Resolution', 'use', 'basis', '31 December', 'register', 'payment', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'opinion', 'discharge', 'liability', 'recommendation', 'practice', 'Chairmen', '2:00', '1:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18057,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INNOFACTOR-OYJ-1412558/news/Innofactor-Oyj-Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Innofactor-Plc-2023-42937366/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Innofactor Oyj : Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish time   Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc   The shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday  M…,Innofactor Plc Notice to general meeting February 9  2023  at 9:05 Finnish time Notice of the Annual General Meeting of Innofactor Plc The shareholders of Innofactor Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday  March 31  2023  at 9:00 AM at Innofactor Plc's office  Keilaranta 9  Espoo  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting slips will commence at 8:30 AM at the meeting location. A. Matters on the agenda of the General Meeting Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Presentation of the annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report for the year 2022 Review by the CEO. Adoption of the annual accounts Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the distribution of assets The Board of Director's proposes that no dividend will be paid for the financial year 2022. The Board of Directors proposes that for the financial period of 2022 repayment of capital of EUR 0 06 per share is paid. The repayment of capital shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the capital repayment on April 5  2023 are recorded in the company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Repayment of capital is paid on April 14  2023. The Board of Directors also proposes that the General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals 2 459 293 EUR. It is proposed that the authorization include the right of the Board ofDirectors to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. It is also proposed that the authorization remain valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability Presentation of the remuneration report Annual General Meeting's advisory decision for approval of the remuneration report The report is available on the company's website on March 10  2023 at latest www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/ 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes in accordance with the Remuneration Committee's submission that the Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 60 000 per year and the other members of the Board of Directors shall be paid a fee totaling EUR 30 000 per year. No separate fees for meetings shall be paid. Half of the fee (50%) shall be paid monthly in cash and the other half (50%) as shares of Innofactor Plc. The shares shall primarily be handed over to the members of the Board of Directors during April from shares in the company's possession or  secondarily the shares shall be acquired from public trading directly on behalf of the members within two weeks of publishing the interim report of Innofactor Plc for January 1-March 31  2023. In case shares will not be acquired due to a reason arising from the company or the Board member  the entire fee will be paid in cash. Innofactor Plc requires the members of the Board of Directors to keep the shares  which they have received as part of the fees  for the duration of their membership in the Board of Directors. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes that the number of the member of the Board of Directors be confirmed to four (4). 13. Election of the members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes that Mr. Sami Ensio  Ms. Anna Lindén  Mr. Risto Linturi and Mr. Heikki Nikku are re-elected as members of the Board of Directors. The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a one-year term and their term of office will continuing until the closure of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the election. Detailed presentation of the nominees can be found the company's website www.innofactor.com/invest-in-us/general-meeting/.The Board of Directors has decided on its proposal after discussing the matter with the largest shareholders of the company. 14. Resolution on the auditor's fee The Board of Directors proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to reasonable invoice. 15. Election of the auditor The Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Oy  Authorized Public Accounting Firm  be re-elected as the auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young Oy has notified that it will appoint Juha Hilmola  Authorized Public Accountant  as the lead audit partner. 16. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of own shares The Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on acquisition of own shares with following presumptions: The General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on acquisition of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares in one or several parts with the company's own capital (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares). The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the shareholders' proportional shareholdings (directed acquisition). Own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the date of the acquisition or at a price otherwise formed on the market. The shares may be used to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements pertaining to the company's business operations  to develop the capital structure of the company  as part of the incentive plans  or to be otherwise invalidated or conveyed. In connection with the share repurchase ordinary derivative  stock lending  and other agreements may be made in the market in accordance with the laws and regulations. The authorization is proposed to include the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the acquisition of shares. The authorization would be valid until June 30  2024. This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors pertaining to the acquisition of own shares. 17. Authorization to decide on share issue as well as to grant option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes the General Meeting to authorize the Board to decide on issuance of a maximum of 3 600 000 shares and granting of a maximum of 3 600 000 of the company's own shares in one or several parts (the company currently has a total of 37 388 225 shares). The shares could be issued either against a payment or without payment on the basis of conditions set by the Board of Directors and  for the part of an issue against payment  at the price defined by the Board of Directors. The authorization also gives the Board of Directors the right to grant option rights and special rights-as defined in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act-which entitle  against payment  to new shares or company shares in the company's possession. A right may also be given to a creditor in such manner that the right includes a condition that the creditor's receivable is used to set off the subscription price (convertible loan). The subscription price of the new shares and the amount paid for the company's own shares will be added to the fund for invested unrestricted equity. The Board of Directors proposes that the authorization entitles the Board to deviate from the pre-emptive subscription rights of the existing shareholders  provided that the company has an weighty financial reason to do so  as regards the issue against payment  and that there is an especially weighty financial reason for the company and the good of the shareholders to do so  as regards the free issue. Within the limits set above  the authorization could be used  for example  to develop the capital structure  to widen the ownership base  in making a payment for an acquisition  when the company buys property related to its business operations  or incentive or reward program for employees and management at Innofactor group. New issue or transfer of own shares could also be used as a contribution in kind or when using the set-off right. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the authorization include also the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the company itself in such a manner that  after the issue  the number of shares in the company's possession is at the maximum one tenth of the total number of shares in the company. This number includes the shares in the possession of the company and its subsidiaries as defined in Chapter 15  Section 11  subsection 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The Board of Directors will decide on all other matters related to the authorization. This authorization would be valid until June 30  2024. This authorization shall replace all earlier authorizations of the Board of Directors related to issuance of shares and granting of the company's own shares. 18. Closing the meeting B. Documents of the General Meeting,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Innofactor Oyj', 'Innofactor Plc', 'Notice', 'Ms. Anna Lindén', 'Authorized Public Accounting Firm', 'remuneration report Annual General Meeting', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Mr. Sami Ensio', 'Mr. Risto Linturi', 'Mr. Heikki Nikku', 'lead audit partner', '9:05 Finnish time Notice', 'annual accounts Resolution', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'public trading', 'Remuneration Committee', 'meeting location', 'Young Oy', 'Innofactor Plc', 'voting slips', 'A. Matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'record date', 'financial status', 'other terms', 'advisory decision', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'reasonable invoice', 'Juha Hilmola', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'separate fees', 'other half', ""shareholders' register"", 'largest shareholders', 'one-year term', 'Detailed presentation', 'financial year', 'entire fee', 'other members', 'Board member', 'capital repayment', '2022 repayment', 'February', 'Friday', 'March', '9:00 AM', 'office', 'Keilaranta', 'Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', '8:30 AM', 'agenda', 'Election', 'minutes', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Directors', 'auditor', '2022 Review', 'CEO', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'assets', 'April', 'company', 'discretion', 'basis', 'right', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'liability', 'approval', 'website', 'accordance', 'submission', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'cash', 'shares', 'possession', 'behalf', 'January', 'case', 'duration', 'membership', 'number', 'nominees', 'consent', 'proposal', 'Ernst', '12.']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18058,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lassila-tikanoja-plc-financial-statements-060000756.html,Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022,Lassila & Tikanoja plc Stock exchange release 9 February 2023 at 8:00 a.m. Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022 A ...,Lassila & Tikanoja plcLassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release9 February 2023 at 8:00 a.m.Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022A STRONG YEAR IN CIRCULAR ECONOMY BUSINESSES  HIGHER COSTS WEIGHED DOWN THE RESULT OF FACILITY SERVICESUnless otherwise mentioned  the figures in brackets refer to the corresponding period in the previous year.Net sales for the final quarter were EUR 210.1 million (223.5). Net sales decreased by 6.0%. Net sales growth excluding the renewable energy sources business was 2.9%.Adjusted operating profit for the final quarter was EUR 9.6 million (10.1) and operating profit was EUR 12.9 million (9.9). The Group's operating profit was increased by a gain of EUR 4.3 million recognised on the sale of the share of renewable energy sources business to a newly established joint venture.L&T’s circular economy businesses  namely Environmental Services and Industrial Services  achieved a strong operating result in 2022. In Industrial Services  net sales increased by 25.6 per cent.In Facility Services in Finland and Sweden  the higher general cost level had a negative effect on profitability. Both divisions launched programmes during the review period to simplify and increase the efficiency of their operating models. These programmes will continue in 2023.Net sales for 2022 amounted to EUR 844.1 million (812.5). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 40.9 million (42.4) and operating profit was EUR 42.9 million (42.2). Earnings per share were EUR 0.83 (0.90).Net cash flow from operating activities after investments per share was EUR 1.08 (0.05).The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share.Outlook for the year 2023Net sales and adjusted operating profit in 2023 are estimated to be at the same level as in the previous year even though the comparison period includes net sales from the renewable energy sources business in the amount of EUR 35.4 million.PRESIDENT AND CEO EERO HAUTANIEMI:“The year 2022 was exceptional and the business environment changed significantly. The economic uncertainty caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine  the sharp rise in costs and interest rates and the significantly higher-than-usual level of sickness-related absences affected all of the company’s divisions.Story continuesThe development of net sales was positive in 2022  but adjusted operating profit declined slightly due to the weak result of Facility Services Finland and Sweden. Net cash flow from operating activities was strong  as was the company’s financial position.L&T’s circular economy businesses  namely Environmental Services and Industrial Services  achieved a good operative result in 2022.In Environmental Services  net sales growth excluding the renewable energy sources business came to 8.1 per cent. The number of corporate customers and producer responsibility organisation customers grew. The division’s environmental responsibility management and consulting capabilities and organisation were strengthened.In Industrial Services  net sales increased by 25.6 per cent  of which 6.6 per cent was organic growth. Industrial Services expanded its operations into the Swedish market and strengthened its market position in hazardous waste in Finland through an acquisition. In the environmental construction business  a number of demanding contaminated soil restoration projects were carried out for industrial customers.In Facility Services in Finland and Sweden  profitability was weighed down by the higher general cost level  worsening labour shortages  high employee turnover and sickness-related absences being significantly higher than average. The profit performance of Facility Services Sweden was weighed down not only by inflation but also the weaker-than-expected sales of additional services. Both divisions launched programmes during the review period to simplify and increase the efficiency of their operating models. These programmes will continue in 2023.L&T’s businesses are not particularly sensitive to economic cycles. Nevertheless  inflation and rising interest rates create uncertainty in the operating environment.In 2024  the Environmental Services division will focus particularly on corporate customers and producer responsibility organisations as the progress of municipalisation reduces the significance of households as customers.The Industrial Services division will continue to invest in the development of new hazardous waste recycling solutions and process cleaning methods in both Finland and Sweden.Facility Services Finland and Sweden will continue to focus on improving operational efficiency and profitability. Particularly in Finland  unprofitable customer agreements will be terminated and the scope of operations will be reassessed. In Sweden  the focus will be on simplifying the operating model.”GROUP NET SALES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCEOctober–DecemberLassila & Tikanoja’s net sales for the fourth quarter amounted to EUR 210.1 million (223.5)  a decrease of 6.0% year-on-year. Net sales growth excluding the effect of the renewable energy sources business was 2.9% and organic growth was 0.4%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 9.6 million (10.1)  representing 4.6% (4.5%) of net sales. Operating profit was EUR 12.9 million (9.9)  representing 6.2% (4.4%) of net sales. Earnings per share were EUR 0.29 (0.26).Net sales increased in Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland. Net sales decreased in Environmental Services and Facility Services Sweden. Operating profit improved in Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland  and declined in Environmental Services and Facility Services Sweden.The Group’s adjusted operating profit was still negatively affected by the higher general cost level. Net financial expenses rose to EUR -1.6 million (-0.8). The Group's operating profit was increased by a gain of EUR 4.3 million recognised on the sale of the share of renewable energy sources business to a newly established joint venture.Year 2022Net sales for 2022 totalled EUR 844.1 million (812.5)  an increase of 3.9% year-on-year. Net sales growth excluding the effect of the renewable energy sources business was 7.0%. Organic growth was 3.7%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 40.9 million (42.4)  representing 4.8% (5.2%) of net sales. Operating profit was EUR 42.9 million (42.2)  representing 5.1% (5.2%) of net sales. Earnings per share were EUR 0.83 (0.90).Net sales increased in Environmental Services  Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland. Net sales decreased in Facility Services Sweden. Operating profit improved in Environmental Services and Industrial Services  and declined in Facility Services in Finland and Sweden.The Group’s adjusted operating profit was negatively affected by increased fuel prices and the higher general cost level. The sickness rate was exceptionally high during the review period  which had a negative impact particularly on the labour-intensive facility services business. The Group's operating profit was increased by a gain of EUR 4.3 million recognised on the sale of the share of renewable energy sources business to a newly established joint venture.Net financial expenses rose to EUR -5.8 million (-3.3) and the effective tax rate increased to 16.7 per cent (11.8 per cent).Financial summary10–12/2022 10–12/2021 Change % 1–12/2022 1–12/2021 Change % Net sales  EUR million 210.1 223.5 -6.0 844.1 812.5 3.9 Adjusted operating profit  EUR million 9.6 10.1 -5.1 40.9 42.4 -3.5 Adjusted operating margin  % 4.6 4.5 4.8 5.2 Operating profit  EUR million 12.9 9.9 30.2 42.9 42.2 1.7 Operating margin  % 6.2 4.4 5.1 5.2 EBITDA  EUR million 26.5 23.2 14.2 98.3 95.1 3.3 EBITDA  % 12.6 10.4 11.6 11.7 Profit before tax  EUR million 12.2 9.1 33.8 37.8 39.0 -3.0 Earnings per share  EUR 0.29 0.26 11.1 0.83 0.90 -8.3 Net cash flow from operating activitiesafter investments per share  EUR 1.05 0.55 92.8 1.08 0.05 2 279.1 Return on equity (ROE)  % 14.6 17.1 Capital employed  EUR million 437.2 406.0 7.7 Return on capital employed (ROCE)  % 10.4 10.8 Equity ratio  % 34.3 34.2 Gearing  % 75.9 79.4NET SALES AND OPERATING PROFIT BY DIVISIONEnvironmental ServicesOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased to EUR 71.1 million (89.9). Operating profit declined to EUR 6.2 million (7.1). Excluding the renewable energy sources business  the net sales of the Environmental Services division amounted to EUR 71.1 million (71.2) and operating profit was EUR 6.2 million (6.6).Year 2022The full-year net sales of the Environmental Services division grew to EUR 321.2 million (320.5). Operating profit was EUR 30.3 million (29.8). Excluding the renewable energy sources business  the net sales of the Environmental Services division amounted to EUR 287.1 million (265.5) and operating profit was EUR 30.0 million (28.9).In Environmental Services  growth was derived particularly from corporate customers and producer responsibility organisations. The producer responsibility organisation Suomen Pakkaustuottajat Oy chose L&T as its recycling partner for consumer plastic packaging in December. The agreement covers approximately 20 000 tonnes of consumer packaging plastic waste  which corresponds to approximately half of the packaging plastic waste collected in Finland each year. From the beginning of 2023  L&T will be responsible for the intermediate storage of plastic packaging waste as well as its collection and transport to Quantafuel ASA’s mechanical and chemical recycling plants in Denmark.During the period under review  the organisational structure and operating model were reformed by assigning more commercial responsibility to the local organisation. Environmental responsibility management and consulting organisation grew  and its competencies were expanded.The ERP system and related information system renewal programme continued in the division and progressed to the implementation stage. The system is scheduled to enter the deployment stage in the first half of 2024. The total investment in the system projects under the programme is estimated at approximately EUR 16.9 million  of which approximately EUR 6.2 million were realised by the end of 2022  with expenses of EUR 1.3 million recognised in 2022.Due to the reform of the Waste Act in 2021  direct customer agreements with housing properties were transferred to municipal operators during the period under review  but the impact of these changes on net sales was compensated for by growth in the corporate customer segment.The prices of recycled raw materials increased in the first half of the year. The prices of recycled raw materials subsequently stabilised and  in the case of certain fractions  began to decrease in the latter half of the year. The market prices of recycled cardboard and paperboard falling to less than half of the level seen in the early part of the year was particularly reflected in the net sales of the Environmental Services division. The reduced level of activity in the construction industry was also reflected in declining volumes towards the end of the year.Fuel prices rose sharply at the end of February due to the war in Ukraine. The higher fuel costs were successfully passed on to customer prices through cost increases carried out in February–April.The merger of the Environmental Services division’s renewable energy sources business with Neova Oy’s corresponding business was approved by the Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority  and the joint venture Laania Oy became operational on 1 July 2022. In the first half of the year  the net sales of the renewable energy sources business amounted to EUR 35.4 million  and the operating profit was EUR 0.3 million. In the financial year 2021  the net sales of the renewable energy sources business totalled EUR 56.9 million  and the operating profit was EUR 0.9 million. The business is no longer reported as part of the Environmental Services division after the second quarter of 2022. The net profit of the joint venture is consolidated in one line item under operating profit.Industrial ServicesOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the final quarter grew to EUR 36.3 million (28.7). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 3.1 million (1.7). Operating profit was EUR 2.3 million (1.7). Operating profit was reduced by a change of EUR 0.8 million in the fair value of the deferred consideration related to the acquisition of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”) recognised in the final quarter of 2022  due to the positive development of the acquired company’s business.Year 2022The full-year net sales of the Industrial Services division grew to EUR 132.0 million (105.1). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 13.6 million (9.2). Operating profit was EUR 12.7 million (9.2). Operating profit was reduced by a change of EUR 0.8 million in the fair value of the deferred consideration related to the acquisition of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”) recognised in the final quarter of 2022  due to the positive development of the acquired company’s business.The Industrial Services division strengthened its position in hazardous and non-hazardous waste recycling services during the period under review by acquiring Fortum’s hazardous waste SME business in Finland at the beginning of February 2022. The takeover of the business acquired from Fortum went according to plan  and the demand for hazardous waste services was strong.In the environmental construction business line  several demanding industrial soil decontamination projects were carried out. At the beginning of the year  a new material treatment center started its operations in Pori  Finland. The plant focuses particularly on processing industrial side streams.In February  Industrial Services expanded into the Swedish process cleaning services market by acquiring 70% of the shares of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”)  a provider of process cleaning services in Sweden. Operating in southern Sweden  SVB had net sales of approximately EUR 10 million in the previous financial year and has approximately 60 employees. The integration of the Swedish business progressed according to plan  and several successful industrial water treatment projects were carried out in the process cleaning business in Sweden. In the process cleaning business in Finland  resource allocation for annual maintenance services was successful in spite of maintenance services originally scheduled for the early part of the year being postponed to the autumn due to the COVID-19 pandemic and labour action.Fuel prices rose sharply at the end of February due to the war in Ukraine. The higher fuel costs were  for the most part  passed on to customer prices through cost increases carried out in February–April.Facility Services FinlandOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the final quarter grew to EUR 64.6 million (63.0). Operating profit was EUR 0.8 million (0.6).Year 2022The full-year net sales of Facility Services Finland grew to EUR 256.3 million (243.1). Operating profit declined to EUR -0.5 million (1.8).Several significant new customer accounts were acquired and started in the cleaning business  and the demand for data-driven cleaning services increased. The demand for energy efficiency services increased during the review period.The COVID-19 pandemic and other respiratory infections significantly increased sickness-related absences in the first and fourth quarters  which increased production costs in all service branches  especially in cleaning. Production costs were increased by higher fuel prices and general cost inflation. The increased production costs could not be fully passed on to customer prices.In the cleaning business  the availability of labour declined and employee turnover increased significantly  which drove costs higher. Several new projects were launched to improve the availability of labour. Co-operation with municipal employment services and government organisations was intensified to ensure that jobs offered by L&T are better known by job seekers. L&T joined forces with Staffpoint to offer jobs to Ukrainian refugees. A group of workers from the Philippines was recruited for full-time cleaning work under contracts valid until further notice. The employees in question will start work in the first quarter of 2023.Measures were taken in Facility Services Finland to improve operational efficiency and profitability throughout the period under review. Local and business line-specific change negotiations were conducted in the division in the second half of the year  leading to the termination of employment for approximately 70 white-collar employees and approximately 30 employees.Facility Services SwedenOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the final quarter decreased to EUR 39.8 million (43.8). Operating profit declined to EUR 0.5 million (1.3). Operating profit before the amortisation of purchase price allocations of acquisitions was EUR 0.8 million (1.9).Year 2022Facility Services Sweden’s full-year net sales decreased to EUR 140.4 million (149.8). Operating profit declined to EUR 0.4 million (3.9). Operating profit before the amortisation of purchase price allocations of acquisitions was EUR 2.2 million (6.0).Production costs were increased by higher fuel prices and general cost inflation from February onwards. The COVID-19 pandemic increased sickness-related absences  particularly in the first quarter. Customer agreements in the Swedish business are mostly fixed-price contracts  and the increased production costs could not be passed on to customers in the form of price increases. The profit performance of Facility Services Sweden was lowered not only by inflation but also the weaker-than-expected sales of additional services. Adaptation measures were initiated in the division in the second quarter. The effort to simplify operating models and adapt them to the rapidly changing business environment will continue in 2023.FINANCINGIn 2022  cash flow from operating activities amounted to EUR 71.8 million (65.6). Net cash flow after investments came to EUR 41.1 million (1.7). Net cash flow from operating activities after investments was reduced by acquisitions  which had a total impact of approximately EUR 13 million (approximately EUR 23 million). Net cash flow after investments was increased by the repayment of a loan receivable of EUR 16.4 million by the joint venture in the final quarter of 2022. A total of EUR 6.2 million in working capital was committed (EUR 15.1 million committed).At the end of the financial year  interest-bearing liabilities amounted to EUR 216.8 million (195.6). Net interest-bearing liabilities totalled EUR 167.3 million (167.1). The average interest rate of long-term loans  excluding lease liabilities  with interest rate hedging  was 2.5% (1.1%). Of the company’s floating rate loans totalling EUR 50 million  EUR 30 million have been converted into fixed rate loans by means of an interest rate swap.The EUR 100.0 million commercial paper programme was unused at the end of the financial year as in the comparison period. The account limit totalling EUR 10.0 million as well as the committed credit limit totalling EUR 40.0 million were not in use  as was the case in the comparison period. The Group signed a credit limit linked to responsibility targets in May 2022. The credit limit will mature in the first quarter of 2025. The company issued senior unsecured sustainability-linked notes in the amount of EUR 75 million in May. The new notes will mature in the second quarter of 2028 and bear fixed annual interest at the rate of 3.375 per cent.Net financial expenses amounted to EUR -5.8 million (-3.3). The increase in net financial expenses was attributable to higher interest-bearing liabilities due to acquisitions  an expense of EUR 0.3 million associated with the redemption of a bond  and the higher general interest rate level. The effect of exchange rate changes on net financial expenses was EUR -0.2 million (0.3). Net financial expenses were 0.7% (0.4%) of net sales.The equity ratio was 34.3% (34.2%) and the gearing ratio was 75.9% (79.4%). The Group’s total equity was EUR 220.4 million (210.4). Translation differences caused by the depreciation of the Swedish krona affected equity by EUR -5.6 million and changes in the fair value of hedging instruments by EUR 1.3 million. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period amounted to EUR 49.5 million (28.6). Overdue trade receivables and credit losses have not increased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or the war in Ukraine.DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETSThe Annual General Meeting held on 17 March 2022 resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.46 per share  totalling EUR 17.5 million  be paid on the basis of the balance sheet that was adopted for the financial year 2021. The dividend was paid to shareholders on 28 March 2022.CAPITAL EXPENDITUREGross capital expenditure for 2022 came to EUR 58.2 million (72.3). Acquisitions accounted for approximately EUR 21 million of the capital expenditure (approximately EUR 31 million). In addition  the costs of internal work related to information system investments increased significantly compared to 2021. Other capital expenditure consisted primarily of machine and equipment purchases  as well as investments in information systems and buildings.SUSTAINABILITYEnvironmental responsibilityClimate benefits for customers created by L&T2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Carbon handprint (tCO 2 e)534 5001 100 000 growth faster than net salesThe carbon handprint illustrates the climate benefits of a product  process or service  i.e. the emission reduction potential for the user. L&T’s carbon handprint reduces the customer’s carbon footprint. Our services generated emission reductions for customers through  for example  customers replacing virgin raw materials with secondary raw materials  and fossil fuels with biofuels and solid recovered fuels.The carbon handprint of the renewable energy sources business is no longer reported as part of L&T’s carbon handprint in 2022. In 2021  L&T’s total carbon handprint excluding renewable energy sources was 528 000 tCO 2 e.Recycling rate and material recovery2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Recycling rate of material flows managed by L&T  % 59.4 58.4 65 2026The recycling rate is the weighted average of our customers’ recycling rates. It also includes materials that cannot yet be recycled. To increase our reuse and recycling rate  we actively look for new material streams whose refining rate we can increase. Reporting covers municipal waste collected from corporate customers  hazardous waste  industrial waste and construction waste in Finland. Slurry  contaminated soil and ash are excluded from reporting.Progress towards science-based emission reduction targets  using 2018 as the baseline2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Carbon footprint (tCO 2 e)31 70037 800Carbon footprint intensity (gCO 2 e/km)6467674762030L&T’s strategic objective is to halve the carbon footprint of its operations by 2030  using 2018 as the baseline  and to reduce the indirect emissions generated by its supply chain. The emission reduction target set by L&T has been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. The achievement of this objective will be promoted by switching to zero-emission transport technologies and fuels and by opting for renewable energy at L&T’s properties. Transport operations account for 95 per cent of the emissions generated by L&T’s own operations.The fuel distribution obligation was adjusted in 2022 by reducing the biofuel component by 7.5 per cent in July. This change has not been taken into account in the emissions calculations reported in the financial statements release  as Statistics Finland has yet to update its fuel classification data in accordance with the change. Statistics Finland is expected to publish updated fuel classification data during spring 2023. L&T will subsequently calculate and report its carbon dioxide emissions for 2022 on its website using the updated emission factors. The total emissions of L&T’s own operations for 2022  calculated with the updated emission factors  are likely to be higher than those reported here.Social responsibilityOverall accident frequency2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved byOverall accident frequency (TRIF)2324192026L&T eliminates hazards and improves its own safety as well as the safety of customers and other stakeholders through effective proactive measures  such as risk assessments  safety observations  Safety Walks and occupational safety sessions.Well-being at work2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Occupational health rate (proportion of employees with no sickness-related absences)404557 2026Sickness-related absences (%)5.65.04.32026The objective of L&T’s personnel policies and plans is to ensure that the number  competence and retention of personnel are at the level required for effective performance. For a labour-intensive company  employees’ ability to work and function and maintain it throughout their careers until retirement on old-age pension is important.The COVID-19 pandemic and other respiratory infections significantly increased sickness-related absences in the first and fourth quarters.Current issues related to sustainabilityCDP ranked Lassila & Tikanoja “Management B” for its climate activities. CDP is an international non-profit organisation that annually evaluates the environmental actions of businesses. CDP scores are based on the comprehensiveness of disclosure  awareness and management of environmental risks  and adherence to best practices in environmental management. The score can range from D to A  with A being considered a Leadership level score.The sustainability figures in this release have not been externally assured yet. L&T will publish its externally assured sustainability scores as part of the Annual review during week 9.PERSONNELIn 2022  the average number of employees converted into full-time equivalents was 7 364 (7 319). At the end of the period  L&T had 8 371 (8 171) full-time and part-time employees. Of these  7 020 (7 003) worked in Finland and 1 351 (1 168) in Sweden.SHARES AND SHARE CAPITALTraded volume and priceThe volume of trading during the year 2022 was 9.4 million shares  which is 24.7% (25.2%) of the average number of outstanding shares. The value of trading was EUR 104.9 million (137.6). The highest share price was EUR 13.62 and the lowest EUR 9.72. The closing price was EUR 10.64. At the end of the financial year  the market capitalisation excluding the shares held by the company was EUR 405.9 million (512.2).Own sharesAt the end of the financial year  the company held 653 256 of its own shares  representing 1.7% of all shares and votes.Share capital and number of sharesThe company’s registered share capital amounts to EUR 19 399 437 and the number of outstanding shares was 38 145 618 at the end of the period. The average number of shares excluding the shares held by the company was 38 116 180.Share-based incentive plansIn December 2022  the Board of Directors of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc decided to establish two new long-term share-based incentive plans for the Group’s key employees. The aim of the new plans is to align the objectives of the company  shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain the key employees at the company and to offer them competitive reward plans that are based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares as well as on appreciation of the share price. The Performance Share Plan 2023–2027 comprises three (3) three-year (3) performance periods covering the calendar years 2023–2025  2024–2026 and 2025–2027.During the performance period 2023–2025  the earning of rewards is based on the following performance criteria: return on capital employed (ROCE)  total shareholder return (TSR) and reduction of the carbon footprint (ESG).The target group of the Performance Share Plan during the performance period 2023–2025 consists of approximately 50 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board.The transitional share-based incentive scheme 2023–2026 consists of two (2) earnings periods of one (1) year each  corresponding to the calendar years 2023 and 2024. The earnings period is followed by a two-year commitment period. The aim of the scheme is to support the transition from the old share-based incentive scheme to the new share-based incentive scheme. The target group of the transitional share-based incentive scheme for the earnings period 2023 consists of approximately 10 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board.ShareholdersAt the end of the financial year  the company had 24 556 (23 087) shareholders. Nominee-registered holdings accounted for 7.0% (9.6%) of the total number of shares.Authorisations for the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting held on 17 March 2022 authorised Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares using the company’s unrestricted equity. In addition  the Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling their holders to shares.The Board of Directors is authorised to purchase a maximum of 2 000 000 company shares (5.2% of the total number of shares). The repurchase authorisation is effective for 18 months.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on the issuance of new shares or shares which may be held by the company through a share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights conferring entitlement to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that under the authorisation  a maximum of 2 000 000 shares (5.2% of the total number of shares) may be issued and/or conveyed. The authorisation is effective for 18 months.RESOLUTIONS BY THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Annual General Meeting  which was held on 17 March 2022  adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for 2021  released the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability as well as approved the Remuneration Report for the Governing Bodies.The Annual General Meeting resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.46 per share  totalling EUR 17.5 million  be paid on the basis of the balance sheet adopted for the financial year 2021. It was decided that the dividend be paid on 28 March 2022.The Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of members of the Board of Directors as six. Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Laura Tarkka and Pasi Tolppanen were re-elected to the Board until the end of the following Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  as the auditor until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy announced that it will name Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the principal auditor.The Annual General Meeting resolved to amend the third sentence of Section 4 of the Articles of Association so that the General Meeting elects the Chairman and the Vice-Chairman of the Board.The resolutions of the Annual General Meeting were announced in more detail in a stock exchange release on 17 March 2022.BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe members of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors are Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Laura Tarkka and Pasi Tolppanen. At its constitutive meeting after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors elected Jukka Leinonen as Chairman of the Board and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman.Sakari Lassila was elected as the Chairman of the Audit Committee and Teemu Kangas-Kärki and Laura Tarkka as the members of the committee. The Board elected Jukka Leinonen as the Chairman of the Personnel and Sustainability Committee  with Laura Tarkka and Pasi Tolppanen as the members of the committee.The company announced the composition of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Nomination Board on 9 September 2022. Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s three largest shareholders  which are entitled to appoint a representative to Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board  are a group of shareholders (Chemec Oy  CH-Polymers Oy  Maijala Eeva  Maijala Hannele  Maijala Heikki  Maijala Juhani  Maijala Juuso  Maijala Miikka  Maijala Mikko  Maijala Roope and Maijala Tuula)  the Evald and Hilda Nissi Foundation  and Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited. These shareholders have appointed Miikka Maijala  Juhani Lassila and Patrick Lapveteläinen as their representatives in Lassila & Tikanoja’s Nomination Board. The Chairman of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors  Jukka Leinonen  acts as the fourth member of the Nomination Board. The Chairman of the Nomination Board is Patrick Lapveteläinen.Long-term targetsIn September  Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors approved the Group’s targets for the strategy period 2023–2026 and decided on the continuing implementation of the Group’s strategy. The financial targets and the sustainability and stakeholder targets for the strategy period were unchanged.Financial targetsIndicator Target Annual growth in net sales  % 5% Return on capital employed  % 15% Gearing  % Below 125%Sustainability and stakeholder targetsMeasure Target Net Promoter Score  NPS >50 by 2026 Employee Net Promoter Score  eNPS >50 by 2026 Carbon handprint Growth faster than net sales Carbon footprint -50% by 2030 in comparison to 2018Sustainability and stakeholder measures are reported as part of the Group quarterly and annual reporting.Lassila & Tikanoja does not consider the long-term financial targets as guidance for any fiscal year.CHANGES IN THE GROUP EXECUTIVE BOARDIn March 2022  Tina Hellstadius  MSc (Technology) was appointed Vice President  Facility Services Sweden and a member of the Group Executive Board effective from 19 April 2022. Hellstadius succeeded Erik Sundström  who retired on 30 June 2022. In December 2022  L&T’s CIO Edward Skärström was appointed as a member of the Group Executive Board effective from 1 January 2023.EVENTS AFTER THE FINANCIAL YEAROn 11 January 2023  the company announced that Lassila & Tikanoja’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 23 March 2023 that the Board of Directors have six (6) members. The Nomination Board proposes that Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen and Pasi Tolppanen be re-elected to the Board of Directors and that Anni Ronkainen be elected as a new member. Information on Anni Ronkainen is available on L&T’s website. Of the current members  Laura Tarkka has announced that she is no longer available for the election of the members of the Board of Directors. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen is elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman.NEAR-TERM RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESGeneral economic uncertainty may affect the level of economic activity among customers  which may reduce the demand for L&T’s services.Higher costs  such as fuel and energy  potential interest rate hikes and wage-related decisions in the labour market  may have a negative impact on the company’s financial performance.The company has several ERP system renewal projects under way. Temporary additional costs arising from system deployments and establishing the operating model may weigh down the company’s result.Production costs may be increased by challenges related to employee turnover  labour availability and higher sickness rates.As the company has no operations or holdings in Russia  Belarus or Ukraine  and there are no significant Russian-owned companies in the customer base  the direct impacts of the war in Ukraine are expected to be minor. However  indirect impacts on overall economic activity in Finland and Sweden may have a negative impact on net sales and profit.More detailed information on Lassila & Tikanoja’s risks and risk management will be provided in the 2021 Annual Review and in the Report by the Board of Directors and the consolidated financial statements.PROPOSAL FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETSAccording to the financial statements  Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s unrestricted equity amounts to EUR 61 719 573.87  with the operating profit for the period representing EUR 11 946 564.10 of this total. There were no substantial changes in the financial standing of the company after the end of the period  and the solvency test referred to in Chapter 13  Section 2 of the Companies Act does not affect the amount of distributable assets.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid to shareholders included in the company shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date  27 March 2023. The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 3 April 2023.No dividend shall be paid on shares held by the company on the record date of the dividend payment  27 March 2023.On the day the proposal for the distribution of assets was made  the number of shares entitling to dividend was 38 145 618  which means the total amount of the dividend would be EUR 17 928 440 46. The Group’s earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.83. The proposed dividend  EUR 0.47 per share  is 56.9% of the earnings per share.Lassila & Tikanoja’s Annual Report  which includes the Report by the Board of Directors and the financial statements for 2022  will be published in week 9 at www.lt.fi/en .Helsinki  8 February 2023LASSILA & TIKANOJA PLCBoard of DirectorsEero HautaniemiPresident and CEOFor additional information  please contact:Eero Hautaniemi  President and CEO  tel. +358 10 636 2810Valtteri Palin  CFO  tel. +358 40 734 7749Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs 8 371 people. In 2022  the company’s net sales amounted to EUR 844.1 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.1,0.73,True,English,"['Tikanoja plc', 'Financial Statements', 'Lassila', 'December', 'demanding contaminated soil restoration projects', 'new hazardous waste recycling solutions', 'renewable energy sources business', 'higher general cost level', 'producer responsibility organisation customers', 'The Industrial Services division', 'producer responsibility organisations', 'Stock exchange release', 'CEO EERO HAUTANIEMI', 'environmental construction business', 'high employee turnover', 'process cleaning methods', 'unprofitable customer agreements', 'environmental responsibility management', 'CIRCULAR ECONOMY BUSINESSES', 'Net cash flow', 'good operative result', 'rising interest rates', 'Environmental Services division', 'Net sales growth', 'GROUP NET SALES', 'strong operating result', 'Facility Services Finland', 'Facility Services Sweden', 'business environment', 'The Group', 'same level', 'usual level', 'HIGHER COSTS', 'organic growth', 'The Board', 'industrial customers', 'additional services', 'weak result', 'corporate customers', 'operating profit', 'operating models', 'operating activities', 'operating environment', 'Financial Statements', 'STRONG YEAR', 'corresponding period', 'final quarter', 'joint venture', 'L&T', '25.6 per cent', 'negative effect', 'review period', 'comparison period', 'sharp rise', 'sickness-related absences', 'financial position', '8.1 per cent', 'consulting capabilities', '6.6 per cent', 'Swedish market', 'market position', 'labour shortages', 'profit performance', 'economic cycles', 'FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE', 'fourth quarter', 'Tikanoja plc', 'previous year', 'economic uncertainty', 'operational efficiency', 'Lassila', 'February', '8:00 a', 'December', 'figures', 'brackets', 'gain', 'EUR', 'share', 'profitability', 'divisions', 'programmes', 'Earnings', 'investments', 'Directors', 'Outlook', 'adjusted', 'amount', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'company', 'Story', 'development', 'number', 'operations', 'acquisition', 'average', 'inflation', 'expected', 'progress', 'municipalisation', 'significance', 'households', 'scope', 'focus', 'October', 'decrease', '2022']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18059,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FNAC-DARTY-13449504/news/Fnac-Darty-Bonds-2024-et-2026-ndash-Final-Offering-Memorandum-dated-April-25-2019-english-onl-42945562/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Fnac Darty : Bonds 2024 et 2026 – Final Offering Memorandum  dated April 25  2019 (english only),(marketscreener.com)   IMPORTANT NOTICE   THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE OUTSIDE OF THE U.S.   IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the offering memorandum following this notice  and …,Fnac Darty : Bonds 2024 et 2026 – Final Offering Memorandum  dated April 25  2019 (english only) 02/09/2023 | 11:21am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields IMPORTANT NOTICE THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE OUTSIDE OF THE U.S. IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the offering memorandum following this notice  and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading  accessing or making any other use of the offering memorandum. In accessing the offering memorandum  you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions  including any modiﬁcations to them any time you receive any information from Fnac Darty S.A. and its subsidiaries (the ''Group'') as a result of such access. NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE ''U.S. SECURITIES ACT'')  OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S.  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE FOLLOWING OFFERING MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING  DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORIZED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS  YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED HEREIN. Conﬁrmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this offering memorandum or make an investment decision with respect to the securities  investors must be outside the U.S. This offering memorandum is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this offering memorandum  you shall be deemed to have represented to the Group that (i) the electronic mail address that you gave the Group and to which this offering memorandum has been delivered is not located in the U.S. and (ii) you consent to delivery of such offering memorandum by electronic transmission. This offering memorandum has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of BNP Paribas  Cre´ dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  Natixis  Socie´ te´ Ge´ ne´ rale  Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria  S.A.  Banco de Sabadell S.A.  Cre´ dit Industriel et Commercial S.A. and KBC Bank NV (each  an ''Initial Purchaser'') nor any person who controls such Initial Purchaser  the Group  nor any director  ofﬁcer  employee nor agent of theirs or afﬁliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the offering memorandum distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Initial Purchasers. You are reminded that this offering memorandum has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession this offering memorandum may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not  nor are you authorized to  deliver this offering memorandum to any other person. If you receive this document by e-mail  you should not reply by e-mail to this announcement. Any reply e-mail communications  including those you generate by using the ''Reply'' function on your e-mail software  will be ignored or rejected. If you receive this document by e-mail  your use of this e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. The materials relating to the offering of the notes pursuant to this offering memorandum (the ''Offering'') do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the Offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Initial Purchasers or any afﬁliate of the Initial Purchasers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the Offering shall be deemed to be made by the Initial Purchasers or such afﬁliate on behalf of the Group in such jurisdiction. Restrictions: The attached document is being furnished in connection with an offering exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. Nothing in this electronic transmission constitutes an offer of securities for sale in the United States. Recipients of this offering memorandum who intend to subscribe for or purchase securities are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained in this offering memorandum. Any securities to be issued will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom The communication of this offering memorandum and any other document or materials relating to the issue of the notes offered hereby is not being made  and such documents and/or materials have not been approved  by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the United Kingdom's Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended. Accordingly  such documents and/ or materials are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a ﬁnancial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom who have professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the deﬁnition of investment professionals (as deﬁned in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ''Financial Promotion Order''))  or who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order  or who are any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as ''relevant persons''). In the United Kingdom  the notes offered hereby are only available to  and any investment or investment activity to which this offering memorandum relates will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this offering memorandum or any of its contents. Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area This offering memorandum is not a prospectus for the purposes of the European Union's Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended or superseded)  as implemented in the Member States of the European Economic Area (the ''EEA''). PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes offered hereby are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes  a ''retail investor'' means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as deﬁned in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (''MiFID II''); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended or superseded (the ''Insurance Distribution Directive)''  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as deﬁned in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as amended (the ''PRIIPs Regulation'') for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. MiFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and ECPs Only Target Market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the notes offered hereby has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as deﬁned in MiFID II; and all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the notes (a ''distributor'') should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessments; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or reﬁning the manufacturers' target market assessments) and determining appropriate distribution channels. OFFERING MEMORANDUM NOT FOR GENERAL CIRCULATION IN THE UNITED STATES STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL Fnac Darty S.A. e300 000 000 1.875% Senior Notes due 2024 e350 000 000 2.625% Senior Notes due 2026 Fnac Darty S.A.  a socie´ te´ anonyme organized under the laws of France (the ''Issuer'')  is offering (the ''Offering'') e300 million aggregate principal amount of its 1.875% senior notes due 2024 (the ''2024 Notes'') and e350 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.625% senior notes due 2026 (the ''2026 Notes'' and  together with the 2024 Notes  the ''Notes''). The 2024 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 1.875% and will mature on May 30  2024. The 2026 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 2.625% and will mature on May 30  2026. Interest on the Notes will accrue from May 14  2019 and will be payable semi-annually on each May 30 and November 30  commencing on November 30  2019. Prior to May 30  2021  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Notes by paying a ''make whole'' premium. On or after May 30  2021  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Notes  at any time or from time to time  at the redemption prices set forth in this offering memorandum. In addition  at any time prior to May 30  2021  the Issuer may redeem at its option up to 40% of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 101.875% of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest  provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the 2024 Notes remains outstanding after the redemption. Prior to May 30  2022  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2026 Notes by paying a ''make whole'' premium. On or after May 30  2022  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2026 Notes  at any time or from time to time  at the redemption prices set forth in this offering memorandum. In addition  at any time prior to May 30  2022  the Issuer may redeem at its option up to 40% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 102.625% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest  provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the 2026 Notes remains outstanding after the redemption. Furthermore  the Notes may be redeemed at a price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest upon the occurrence of certain changes in applicable tax law. Upon the occurrence of certain change of control events  the Issuer may be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of the principal amount thereof  plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the repurchase. The Notes will be the Issuer's senior obligations  will rank pari passu in right of payment with the Issuer's existing and future debt that is not subordinated in right of payment to the Notes  including the Issuer's obligations under the Bank Facility Agreements (as deﬁned herein)  and will rank senior in right of payment to all of the Issuer's existing and future debt that is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes. The Notes will effectively be subordinated to any existing and future secured debt of the Issuer to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The Notes will be guaranteed on a senior basis within 90 days of the Issue Date (as deﬁned herein) by the Guarantors (as deﬁned herein)  which include certain material subsidiaries of the Issuer. Each of the Guarantees (as deﬁned herein) will rank pari passu in right of payment with such Guarantor's existing and future debt that is not subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee  including such Guarantor's obligations under the Bank Facility Agreements  and will rank senior in right of payment to the applicable Guarantor's existing and future debt that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee. The Guarantee of each Guarantor will effectively be subordinated to any existing and future secured debt of such Guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The Notes and the Guarantees will be structurally subordinated to any existing and future debt of the Issuer's existing and future subsidiaries that are not Guarantors. In addition  the validity and enforceability of the Guarantees and the liability of each Guarantor will be subject to the limitations described in ''Certain Insolvency Law Considerations and Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees''. The Guarantees may be released under certain circumstances. For a detailed description of the Notes  see ''Description of the Notes'' beginning on page 146. There is currently no public market for the Notes. Application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to the Ofﬁcial List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (''Euronext Dublin'') and to admit them for trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (the ''Exchange''). The Exchange is not a regulated market pursuant to the provisions of Directive 2014/65/EU (''MiFID II''). There is no assurance that the Notes will be  or will remain  listed and admitted to trading on the Exchange. Investing in the Notes involves risks. See ''Risk Factors'' beginning on page 25 for a discussion of certain risks that you should consider in connection with an investment in any of the Notes. Issue Price for the 2024 Notes: 100% of principal plus accrued interest  if any  from the Issue Date. Issue Price for the 2026 Notes: 100% of principal plus accrued interest  if any  from the Issue Date. The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S (''Regulation S'') under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ''U.S. Securities Act''). The Notes and the Guarantees have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See ''Notice to Investors'' and ''Transfer Restrictions'' for further details about eligible offerees and resale restrictions. The Notes will be in registered form in minimum denominations of e100 000 and integral multiples of e1 000 in excess thereof. The Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes  which is expected to be delivered through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (''Euroclear'') and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (''Clearstream'') on or about May 14  2019. Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners BNP PARIBAS Cre´dit Agricole CIB Natixis Joint Bookrunner Socie´ te´ Ge´ ne´rale Co-Managers Banco Sabadell BBVA CM-CIC Market Solutions KBC Bank Offering memorandum dated April 25  2019 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice to Investors ii Forward-Looking Statements xi Presentation of Financial and Other Information xiii Industry and Market Data xv Summary 1 The Offering 14 Summary Financial and Operating Information 18 Risk Factors 25 Use of Proceeds 59 Capitalization 60 Selected Historical Financial Information 61 Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Group's Financial Condition and Results of Operations 64 Industry 83 Business 88 Regulation 119 Management 128 Principal Shareholders 135 Related Party Transactions 136 Description of Other Indebtedness 138 Description of the Notes 146 Taxation 201 Certain Insolvency Law Considerations and Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees 203 Book-Entry  Delivery and Form 230 Plan of Distribution 234 Transfer Restrictions 237 Legal Matters 239 Independent Auditors 240 Enforceability of Judgments 241 Where You Can Find More Information 244 Listing and General Information 245 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements F-1 i NOTICE TO INVESTORS THE NOTES WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT. THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND  SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS  MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE U.S. SEE ''PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION'' AND ''TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS''. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. No dealer  salesperson or other person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this offering memorandum and  if given or made  any such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer  any of its afﬁliates or the Initial Purchasers or their respective afﬁliates. This offering memorandum does not constitute an offer of any securities other than those to which it relates or an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  to any person in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Neither the delivery of this offering memorandum nor any sale made under it shall  under any circumstances  create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this offering memorandum or that the information contained in this offering memorandum is correct as of any time subsequent to that date. By receiving this offering memorandum  investors acknowledge that they have had an opportunity to request for review  and have received  all additional information they deem necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in this offering memorandum. Investors also acknowledge that they have not relied on the Initial Purchasers in connection with their investigation of the accuracy of this information or their decision whether to invest in the Notes. The contents of this offering memorandum are not to be considered legal  business  ﬁnancial  investment  tax or other advice. Prospective investors should consult their own counsel  accountants and other advisers as to legal  business  ﬁnancial  investment  tax and other aspects of a purchase of the Notes. In making an investment decision  investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and its afﬁliates  the terms of the Offering and the merits and risks involved. The Offering is being made in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the U.S. Securities Act for an offer and sale of securities that does not involve a public offering. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the U.S. Securities Act and applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. If you purchase the Notes  you will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments  representations and warranties as detailed under ''Transfer Restrictions''. The Notes have not been and will not be registered with  recommended by or approved by the SEC or any other U.S. federal  state or foreign securities commission or regulatory authority  nor has the SEC or any such commission or regulatory authority reviewed or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this offering memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in the United States. Application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to the Ofﬁcial List and to admit them for trading on the Exchange. There is no assurance that the Notes will be  or will remain  listed and admitted to trading on the Exchange. In the course of any review by the competent authority  the Issuer may be requested to make changes to the ﬁnancial and other information included in this offering memorandum. Comments by the competent authority may require signiﬁcant modiﬁcation or reformulation of information contained in this offering memorandum or may require the inclusion of additional information. The Issuer may also be required to update the information in this offering memorandum to reﬂect changes in the Group's business  ﬁnancial condition or results of operations and prospects. The application to have the Notes admitted to the Ofﬁcial List and admitted to trading on the Exchange will not be approved as of the Issue Date  and it cannot be guaranteed that such application will be approved as of any date thereafter. Settlement of the Notes is not conditioned on obtaining this listing. ii This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Fnac Darty SA published this content on 09 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 09 February 2023 16:20:02 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about FNAC DARTY 02/09 Fnac Darty : Bonds 2024 et 2026 – Final Offering Memorandum  dated April 25  2019 (e.. PU 01/17 Fnac Darty : Présentation estimation de la performance 2022 (en anglais seulement) PU 01/17 Fnac Darty : 2022 estimated performance GL 01/17 Fnac Darty : 2022 estimated performance AQ 01/17 Fnac Darty SA Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2022 CI 01/02 Fnac Darty : December 2022 - Half-yearly report Quotations liquidity mandate GL 01/02 Fnac Darty : December 2022 - Half-yearly report Quotations liquidity mandate GL 2022 Fnac Darty to Refinance Bond Issue Due 2024 Via EUR300 Million Term Loan MT 2022 Fnac Darty secures the refinancing of its bond issue maturing in 2024 GL 2022 Fnac Darty secures the refinancing of its bond issue maturing in 2024 AQ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Final Offering Memorandum', 'Fnac Darty', 'Bonds', 'April', 'Banco de Sabadell S.A.', 'Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria', 'Fnac Darty S.A.', 'U.S. SECURITIES ACT', 'Commercial S.A.', 'multiple email addresses', 'hard copy version', 'KBC Bank NV', 'Final Offering Memorandum', 'electronic mail address', 'FOLLOWING OFFERING MEMORANDUM', 'Investment Bank', 'SECURITIES LAWS', 'electronic form', 'modiﬁcations', 'OTHER JURISDICTIONS', 'FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION', 'Conﬁrmation', 'investment decision', 'BNP Paribas', 'Agricole Corporate', 'Initial Purchaser', 'ofﬁcer', 'afﬁliate', 'other items', 'destructive nature', 'licensed broker', 'United States', 'ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'First name', 'other use', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS', 'mail communications', 'mail software', 'OTHER PERSON', 'attached document', 'Bonds', 'April', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'INVESTORS', 'notice', 'terms', 'conditions', 'information', 'subsidiaries', 'Group', 'result', 'access', 'SALE', 'EXEMPTION', 'TRANSACTION', 'MANNER', 'REPRODUCTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'FAILURE', 'DIRECTIVE', 'VIOLATION', 'GAINED', 'NOTES', 'Representation', 'order', 'respect', 'request', 'delivery', 'documents', 'medium', 'process', 'none', 'Cre', 'Natixis', 'Socie', 'Industriel', 'director', 'employee', 'agent', 'liability', 'responsibility', 'difference', 'basis', 'possession', 'accordance', 'announcement', 'reply', 'function', 'risk', 'precautions', 'viruses', 'materials', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'place', 'offers', 'dealer', 'behalf', 'Nothing', 'Recipie']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18060,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARTMARKET-COM-5174/news/Artmarket-com-Artmarket-com-reports-Q4-2022-revenue-growth-and-a-new-business-model-generating-42943974/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Artmarket.com :  Artmarket.com reports Q4 2022 revenue growth and a new business model generating additional income from affiliate advertisers  potentially doubling Artprice's turnover.,(marketscreener.com)  After posting good revenue figures for 4Q 2022  we are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket has got off to a dynamic start to 2023 with January's turnover showing a 17% increase versus the year-earlier period.The figures show that …,"After posting good revenue figures for 4Q 2022  we are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket has got off to a dynamic start to 2023 with January's turnover showing a 17% increase versus the year-earlier period.The figures show that since the start of 2023  Artmarket.com has been gaining market share with new customers despite the uncertain economic context stemming from very unpredictable geopolitical parameters and an inflationary dynamic that poses significant challenges for central banks  particularly for the ECB and the FED.Artprice took advantage of the Covid period to develop and deploy the most significant modification in its history  leading to a change in its business model with paying advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services. These advertisers are essentially the 6 500 Auction Houses around the world that have been affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and today conduct 98% of their sales online.It is quite possible that the turnover generated by these 6 500 auction houses will ultimately generate more turnover than subscriptions  which currently represent 90% of Artprice by Artmarket.com's turnover. By effectively responding to a long-standing request from its partner auction houses  Artprice believes it can double its turnover. A second major change in our business model relates to our decision to license our Standardized Database of Artists  today the most comprehensive in the world.Future events in 2023: annual licensing of Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists  with an entry price of €7 500 per yearIn recent years  Artprice by Artmarket  which owns the largest known editorial collection of manuscripts and catalogs from 1700 to the present day (a current asset with an estimated value of €16.257 million in Artprice by Artmarket.com's balance sheet)  has developed the most comprehensive database of artists in the world.At Artprice by Artmarket  we never forget that artists are what the art market revolves around; they are its primary and unique motor  and all the news  exhibitions  auctions  galleries  museums  biennials  fairs  and shows evolve around them. In short  none of it could exist without the artist.Each Artist page is created within the framework of a standardized editorial charter and a set of processes protected under France's Intellectual Property Laws  with a biography supported by certified documents from the artist and/or his/her beneficiaries that are deposited in Artprice's physical archives.Each analog/digital record has 140 referential integrity fields which are themselves relational databases.Each Artist page includes details about their various disciplines and artistic techniques  their past auction results (with photographs of the works)  their upcoming sales  their signatures and monograms  an indication of any catalog raisonné and/or reference work  their annual auction turnover  their auction records  the geographical distribution of their sales  their key market indices  their unsold rates  as well as all articles or dispatches from Artprice's press agency “ArtMarket Insight” written about the artist.This allows Artprice to attribute each artist with a dedicated ID (like a business identification code) and for each of his/her works  another specific ID (like a vehicle registration document) and to ‘standardize' the art market to ensure reliable traceability  accurate indices  and comprehensive monitoring. These unique and rigorous processes are subject to multiple protection mechanisms under France's Intellectual Property Laws.A single Artist Log costs on average 270€ to 300€ to create  and  despite ultra-powerful computing  it requires human validation by a committee of editors and translation into the six languages ??of the Artprice databases  namely English  French  Spanish  German  Italian and Mandarin.In 25 years  the Artprice Artist Database has established itself as the leading standardized global database in terms of the number of artists it covers  but also in terms of the volume of information per Artist entry.To date  the only reference we have retained is the Benezit Dictionary  created in 1911 in Paris and which Artprice tried to acquire from Éditions Gründ in the early 2000s.At the time  Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists included 120 000 artists while the Benezit had 175 000. The latter was therefore the de facto global reference by its sheer number of artists. Despite a very substantial financial proposal from Artprice  the Benezit was finally sold to Oxford Art Online (see our registration document and financial report).In 2023  the online Benezit  in English  has 170 000 artists and a subscription entry cost of £215 per year.Artprice's standardized artists' database now totals 803 000 artists from the 4th century to the present day  in six languages.The overall cost associated with successfully building the most comprehensive Standardized Database of Artists in the world also includes the cost of acquiring legendary companies and documentary collections such as the Enrique Mayer Guide (1962/1987)  the famous Dictionary of Art Sales by Doctor H. Mireur 1700-1900  the American leader Sound View Press with nearly 50 databases on the USA including the famous biographical collection Who Was Who in American Art (1991)  Editions Franck Van Wilder (1970)  the Swiss company Xylogic (world specialist in Art Market indices since 1985)  the Bayer Database on the Anglo-Saxon Art Market from 1700 to 1913  Signatures and Monogrammes by Caplan & Creps (USA)  a global reference work (1976)  and a whole host of other works and records.Indeed  over the past 25 years  we at Artprice have pursued a systematic policy of purchasing all manuscripts and catalogs  mainly from 1700 to 1970  from all over the world. The acquisition of this historical knowledge was an unavoidable process in ensuring that Artprice could standardize the art market with certainty and know the perfect traceability of works of art and their correct attributions.In the 20th century  the Benezit was the major reference  the Bible of the Art Market according to Le Monde newspaper. To date  it is the only serious financial and analytical referent for Artprice  notably because of its use of a comparative methodology.Nevertheless  the 803 000 artists in Artprice's Standardized Database represent a volume 472% greater than that of the Benezit Oxford University Press Dictionary (170 000 artists)  with access in six languages ??for Artprice compared with just one language for the Benezit.For Artprice  the total present-day cost in 2023 of building the most exhaustive database of artists in the world is 216 million euros (see paragraph on analytical cost). Despite being an asset in permanent growth  under International Financial Reporting Standards  the valuation of such a perennial asset is recognized in Artprice by Artmarket.com balance sheets at only a fraction of its real value (IFRS have been adopted since 2005 to harmonize the presentation of listed companies' financial and accounting statements).Indeed  the creation of the index for Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists was an extremely complex operation involving seven million hours of work by historians  researchers  editors  journalists  econometricians  and a dedicated IT department over 25 years.Now that it exists  Artprice by Artmarket is constantly being asked for licenses to use its Standardized Database of Artists  mainly by the tens of thousands of online galleries  marketplaces  Auction Houses  Experts  online auction sites  copyright companies  customs  and tax authorities  museums foundations and insurance companies that operate in this segment  but without an exhaustive standardized database of artists.Many of these players are prone to making regular attribution errors - as they themselves admit - and for the small or recently established structures  their survival depends on access to a standardized and consistent Database of Artists over the centuries.One of the main difficulties is having  on the one hand  a massive collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts  and on the other hand  proprietary algorithms that can track down and identify the numerous homonyms that exist in the field of art.Indeed  art history is full of homonyms. One of the solutions was to link the name of the artist to his place of birth as well as his connection to an ethnic group or a family or a clan.After a global market study focusing mainly on incoming requests from future clients  we calculated that the entry price for a license to use the index of Artprice's Standardized Database of 803 000 Artists  will be around €7 500 per year  i.e. a monthly charge of €625  which makes this operating license very affordable for small or recently-established structures.Of course  this annual operating license – limited to the Standardized Index of Artists  does not in any way compete with Artprice or its multiple databases  as is contractually agreed with the licensee. This operating license uses an Application Programming Interface (API) provided by Artprice to connect software (or a website) to Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists.If the licensee notices that its customers request  for example  the price of works for past or future sales  indices and statistics on an artist  monograms and signatures  or any other information held by Artprice's databases  it may ask the Artprice licensor for a return API (re-routing/affiliation contract) to Artprice's paid databases where the licensee receives between 5 and 20% commission depending on the turnover achieved with Artprice on an annual subscription contracted on Artprice by Artmarket payment platforms. This allows Artprice to collect €7 500/year on the one hand  and on the other hand  to greatly increase its turnover via its many licensees.Future events HI 2023: at the beginning of March Artprice will deploy its most sophisticated version of Artprice.com that will  among other things  initiate a complete change in our business model. Henceforward  our website will integrate paid advertisers into our databases and services and our Artist pages and Web 3.0.At the beginning of March 2023  Artprice by Artmarket will deploy the latest and most sophisticated version of its website in response to the numerous requests from its customers  which reflects the growth and expansion of its digital footprints. After 18 months of development  partly extended by the Covid  this large-scale deployment will affect all of Artprice's databases and services.To develop this latest version of our website  Artprice by Artmarket submitted a call for tenders at the end of 2019 and finally selected a team of very qualified and passionate external consultants to conduct an analysis followed by the development of a complete overhaul of Artprice.com. The whole process was based on a solid ‘user interface' (UI) and ‘user experience' approach  which  as their labels suggest  means that our entire website has been redesigned with an acute focus on making it easier for the user.At its core  the new website will include a very substantial change in our business model  since paying advertisers will be fully integrated into our databases and services. These advertisers are mainly the 6 500 auction houses worldwide  affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and which now conduct 98% of their sales online. They will now  in paying advertiser mode  be able to highlight their future sales with extremely relevant targeting  depending on the search criteria of Artprice's 7.2 million customers.It should be noted that for the past half a century  the economic models of auction houses have always allocated roughly 34% of their overall costs to advertising (usually announcing details of upcoming public sales)  regardless of the country they operate in or the size of the auction house.Since auctions are now 98% advertised online  the pressure from Artprice-affiliated auction houses in 2023 to promote their sales for a fee has found its best response with this new deployment. Indeed  the auction houses now believe that their communication budgets for future sales (34% of their estimated value) must be focused online  rather than on the printed media.In the past Artprice always considered online advertising to be incompatible with its databases in terms of readability and reputation. We have therefore done everything we can to satisfy demand from the auction houses while maintaining Artprice's original DNA.On the new version of the site  the 6 500 auction houses will be able to merge into the entire industrial process of Artprice by Artmarket by advertising their future sales and pushing the “followed” artists selected by the 7.2 million Artprice customers and members (alerts by SMS  RSS  instant messaging  e-mail  “my artists” page  etc.).Since 1997 Artprice's primary ambition has been to foster art market transparency by expanding knowledge from a circle of insiders to the general population to facilitate development and growth. The new presentation of Artprice by Artmarket will enhance this transparency through access to verified  verifiable  and above all contextualized data.Indeed  Artprice by Artmarket's clients and members will intuitively dive into the heart of art market news and will be privileged players within a human and educational approach  which is often lacking in the world of GAFAs.Moreover  Artprice's essential and historic collaborations as World Leader in Art Market Information will become even more apparent in this new version  mainly via contributions from individual artists who have participated in this evolution.The auction houses that have been our historical partners are  of course  the other essential collaboration. Indeed  their interest in collaborating with Artprice can only increase as they highlight their future sales with discreet and effective prestige  which will – in turn – generate additional recurring income for Artprice via its proprietary Intranet (the primary working tool for auction houses for many years).It is quite possible that the advertising revenue generated by these 6 500 auction houses (affiliated with Artprice since 1997) will ultimately generate more income than subscriptions  which currently represent 90% of Artprice's turnover. As mentioned earlier  Artprice has a clear ambition to double its turnover and  again  this initiative is a direct result of long-standing requests from our partner auction houses.In sum  after more than two years of R&D (extended by the Covid crisis)  Artprice by Artmarket is proud to be able fully to engage Artmarket.com customers  partners  and members in a new experience at the heart of the art market.This is undoubtedly one of the founding stones for the future of Artprice by Artmarket  with a fundamentally improved positioning via the referencing of images on search engines  the objective of increasing traffic to conquer new market share and to corner the market for the certification of primary issues of Art NFTs.Thanks to Google Analytics 4  the latest generation of Analytics  the “Crawl budget”  a combination of Google's “crawl rate” and “crawl demand”  increased from 915 000 requests/day to a new average of 2.5 million/day since the deployment of Artprice's 803 000 Artist homepages at the end of 2022.Through this deployment  Artprice has not only remained faithful to its principle of maintaining the readability of its databases but has also responded (at last) to the continual requests from its 6 500 affiliated Auction Houses around the world to have access to paid advertisements to enhance their future sales.Since January 2023  a complete UI//UX overhaul of Artists Pages and our Web 3.0/Art NFTs allowed greater global visibility for the 803 000 artists on Artprice by Artmarket.Artmarket.com has implemented a substantial tariff increase for its subscriptions and services since the beginning of 2023. These increases will generate an increase in future income. Artmarket.com was already profitable for a decade  and the additional revenue will translate almost entirely into net income since we will still be below the €90 million euros p.a. tax bracket.This tariff increase follows extensive consultation with Artprice by Artmarket customers who will continue to benefit from our databases and services  well aware that they find essential data in Artprice that they cannot find elsewhere. Enriched by over a million ultra-qualified new data every year  our indisputable position as World Leader in Art Market Information since 1997  must now be properly and systematically monetized.Artprice's databases are today unquestionably the most exhaustive in the world and this is recognized by a broad consensus of art market operators. It covers nearly 803 000 artists  all referenced with their biographies  auction results  market indices  decision-making help tools  signatures & monograms  and future sales  alongside historical information and contemporary  cultural  and market news. In total  our databases contain several tens of millions of data inputs and their combination and exploitation by our teams means that the sum of the parts is infinitely more valuable  and the whole system is protected by various intellectual property rights.Despite this substantial price increase  Artprice by Artmarket's offer remains by far the best value compared to the offer by our competitors who have not managed to evolve and offer subscriptions with limited searches: annual professional subscriptions from the competition for 150 searches €350/year  or 450 searches €975/year  and  in the event of an overrun  €2.45/request (as noted by Court Bailiff in November 2022).In a world of “unlimited” offers  these offers are quite simply anachronistic. Moreover  the competition's offer is based on data of only 330 000 artists and from a selection of only 1 600 auction houses  whereas Artprice by Artmarket covers 803 000 artists and 6 500 auction houses  with unlimited subscriptions from €279 to €569/year  including a range of indices  decision-making tools  and signatures & monograms that is unique in the world. Indeed  Artprice would still be very competitive at substantially higher prices.Surprisingly – given the geopolitical and economic context – the global art market is displaying insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for works from all artistic periods during recent sales sessions  regardless of the country. And there have been no cancellations of classic and/or prestige cataloged sales for 2022 or 2023  which are the main indicators of the art market's health.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that art is a safe-haven investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which has outperformed traditional stock market indices. The current period of stock market jitters has channeled new funds and investments into the art market. For information  the Artprice100© index has increased by 612% since 2000. For the year 2022  the S&P index posted a contraction of -19% versus +3% for the Artprice100©.In our upcoming Global Art Market Report  we plan to present a truly global analysis of the art market's activities in 2022. This report is scheduled for publication in early March 2023. It will be available free of charge online and in PDF version. The AFP will publish it first.It is clear that war in Eastern Europe and the fears of a global recession have not depressed the art market at the start of this year.At the end of 2022  the AFP posted an article with the evocative title “The collection of Microsoft co-founder aims for a billion-dollar auction total in New York” and added “With the late Paul G Allen's collection  Christie's is aiming for a historic art auction record  symbol of a market that is surging ahead despite a world shaken by crises.”Our new version of Artists Homepages bolsters the primary and preferred entry points to all of Artprice's databases and services because artists are indeed the foundation on which the art market has been based since its origin. With this major overhaul  Artprice also aims to reposition artists at the heart of the art market via the production of Art NFTs  which are one of the foundations of Web 3.0.The major overhaul of Artprice.com aims to provide its customers and members with a better experience  more in line with their needs. It has been implemented after several years of collecting and analyzing their needs in strict compliance with the legislation in force in Europe and the USA.The overhaul naturally integrates the arrival of Art NFTs  whose growth is exponential and which also constitutes a paradigm shift for artists in the art market who find themselves once again masters of their destiny  as was the case during the Renaissance.All of the art market's principal market-makers  including the majority of the auction houses around the world  now have NFT departments for cataloged and online sales throughout the year. Likewise  all the major structures in the museum industry and art galleries sphere are starting to publish their own NFTs.In addition  the major overhaul of Artprice by Artmarket.com finally highlights the largest proprietary collection of original manuscripts and sales catalogs printed since 1700. Owned and collected by Artprice over the last three decades  this collection acts as the fundamental core of Artprice's digital standardization of the art market and legitimizes its position as Global Leader in Art Market Information for 25 years.After the overhaul of our Artists Homepages  Artprice customers and prospects will have access to several centuries of knowledge organized over 25 years by Artprice's historians and editors. Access to this historical information has been structured in a perfectly intuitive and natural way so that users can immerse themselves in the exceptional and complex history of the art market.These new pages highlight the wealth and depth of Artmarket.com's databases and services  offering a high level of added value. The use of algorithmic AI allows access to highly relevant and personalized recommendations  allowing users to deepen their knowledge of the art market and ultimately generating more sophisticated subscriptions and therefore greater business revenue.This feature also brings Artprice by Artmarket clients and members fully into the Web 3.0 and Art NFTs sphere  giving Artmarket.com a considerable lead in its core business.Ahead of our major rollout in December 2022  Artprice has listened carefully to both its historical customers and its new customers and prospects.Indeed  with cryptocurrencies  Art NFTs and the Metaverse  new collectors and art enthusiasts have arrived  often considerably younger than their predecessors. There are now more than 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs. Accustomed to speculation and risk-taking  art enthusiasts and collectors nonetheless  have no intention of abandoning their Web 3.0 crypto-universe.Having frequently used the services of Artprice  they have become new clients for Artmarket.com  but they made it clear they needed art prices to be added in both ETH and BTC throughout the entire Artprice databases. This major addition to our platform was completed at the end of 2022.The ultra-targeted digital campaigns on Twitter demonstrate through their returns (3 to 5%) that these new buyers respond with high-end Artprice subscriptions.In addition  Artmarket.com is pleased to have given historical preference to Ethereum which  via an operation baptized “The Merge” on 15 September 2022  converted in entire blockchain from a Proof-of-work (PoW) type consensus mechanism to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) type mechanism to move to a more environmentally friendly system.According to the Ethereum Foundation  this move was followed by an immediate drop in the total energy consumption of the Ethereum network by 99.9%.Thus  to foster the exchange and sale of Art NFTs on its Marketplace  and given the energy context  Artprice's choice for the Ethereum blockchain is fully in line with the ambitions expressed by France's Minister for the Economy  Bruno Le Maire  as announced in a previous press release:www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/10/20/artmarket_com-deja-positionnee-sur-les-nfts-avec-artprice-reagit-a-l_itw-de-bruno-le-maire-donnee-a-bfm-crypto-voulant-faire-deThis week  the French-language weekly business magazine has headlined its February issue (772) with the following title: “What if Ethereum had the keys to blockchain success? Experiencing rapid growth  the decentralized cryptocurrency platform presents itself as one of the “green” options in the sector. A strategy that is convincing more and more investors and institutions”.thierry Ehrmann  Founder of Artprice and CEO of Artmarket.com emphasizes: ""In its various annual reports on the Art Market and its regulated information it publishes as a listed company  Artprice by Artmarket.com has always said concerning NFTs that it is impossible to apprehend this new market without a perfect knowledge of the relevant Monetary & Financial Codes and Intellectual Property Codes of the countries in which the market is operating. Similarly  to appreciate the nature of this market (experiencing exponential growth)  one also needs a true understanding of Blockchain  cryptocurrencies  and their cultural origins among the Cypherpunks (period of PGP-type data encryption at the beginning of 1990)”These regulations have been the subject of studies  colloquia  and proposals to major French and European government bodies by Blanche Sousi and the Art & Law Institute  with whom Artprice by Artmarket has been heavily involved as a long-standing member since 1997.2023: more than ever  Artprice's eco-responsible philosophy must set an example in the world of data centers.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice:“Artprice by Artmarket.com has patiently and methodically given itself all the means to evolve in response to the needs of Art Market professionals. All the indicators are positive for the future and we project a doubling of revenue  notably by opening up to paying advertisers integrated into our services and databasesWe have also developed  since 2017  processes to optimize the use of our servers  by limiting the power required and reducing the energy consumption of Artprice's Data Centers by 40%. This has been achieved by using the principle of micro-grids which allow better exploitation of production units (a multiple technologies decision) and the use of mainly renewable energiesThrough its commitment to the micro-grid  the Artprice by Artmarket Data Centers are part of a responsible and shared environmental logic (without risk for Artprice's processing requirements) which involves analyzing the evolution of renewable energies concerning new applied sciences and ongoing research according to the principle of “formativity” (notion coined by Luigi Pareyson).Given the generous geography of our head office (Domaine de la Source  built in 1630)  we are developing  with partners  a ‘climatic' system based on the technique of artesian wells which capture water from deep layers of subsoil. This system will be protected by patents that will be filed by Artprice and Server Group  and it will respond in an ecologically responsible manner to the current energy crisis which is far more serious than the two oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 and which is only just beginning.As a global leader  Artprice considers eco-responsibility a philosophical and moral obligation. It is coherent with our market position  our corporate culture  and the sentiments of our customers.Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to c ontact our E conometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comTry our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demoSubscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 803 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million (‘members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label “Innovative Company” by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comArtprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.9 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum “The Abode of Chaos” (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-owww.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: ir@artmarket.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l2xtlZtrl2idm5xwaJtmZmRjmGdoyGWXbpfJxmVpapnKm2ySmWaSm5aYZnBpmW5t- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Unregulated information:Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78497-artmarket-com-q4-2022-revenue-growth-and-a-new-business-model-potentially-doubling-artprice-s-turnover.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.26,0.41,True,English,"['Q4 2022 revenue growth', 'new business model', 'additional income', 'affiliate advertisers', 'Artmarket.com', 'Artprice', 'turnover', 'de facto global reference', 'leading standardized global database', 'uncertain economic context', 'unpredictable geopolitical parameters', 'Intellectual Property Laws', '140 referential integrity fields', 'multiple protection mechanisms', 'Éditions Gründ', 'Enrique Mayer Guide', 'past auction results', 'substantial financial proposal', 'business identification code', 'standardized editorial charter', 'good revenue figures', 'second major change', 'vehicle registration document', 'partner auction houses', 'Oxford Art Online', 'single Artist Log', 'key market indices', 'comprehensive Standardized Database', 'subscription entry cost', ""standardized artists' database"", 'annual auction turnover', 'Artprice Artist Database', 'comprehensive database', '6,500 Auction Houses', 'art market', 'annual licensing', 'editorial collection', 'auction records', 'accurate indices', 'financial report', 'business model', 'entry price', 'reference work', 'comprehensive monitoring', 'market share', 'Artist entry', 'year-earlier period', 'new customers', 'inflationary dynamic', 'significant challenges', 'central banks', 'Covid period', 'significant modification', 'two decades', 'standing request', 'Future events', 'present day', 'current asset', 'balance sheet', 'physical archives', 'analog/digital record', 'various disciplines', 'artistic techniques', 'geographical distribution', 'unsold rates', 'press agency', 'dedicated ID', 'specific ID', 'reliable traceability', 'ultra-powerful computing', 'human validation', 'six languages', 'early 2000s', 'online Benezit', '4th century', 'overall cost', 'legendary companies', 'documentary collections', 'Artist page', 'relational databases', 'dynamic start', 'recent years', 'unique motor', 'rigorous processes', 'Benezit Dictionary', 'sheer number', 'Artmarket.com', 'ArtMarket Insight', 'upcoming sales', 'Artprice databases', '25 years', '120,000 artists', '170,000 artists', '803,000 artists', '4Q', 'January', '17% increase', 'ECB', 'FED', 'advantage', 'history', 'advertisers', 'services', 'world', 'subscriptions', 'long', 'decision', 'largest', 'manuscripts', 'catalogs', 'estimated', 'value', 'primary', 'news', 'exhibitions', 'auctions', 'galleries', 'museums', 'biennials', 'fairs', 'shows', 'none', 'framework', 'France', 'biography', 'documents', 'beneficiaries', 'details', 'photographs', 'works', 'signatures', 'monograms', 'indication', 'raisonné', 'articles', 'dispatches', 'committee', 'editors', 'translation', 'English', 'French', 'Spanish', 'German', 'Italian', 'Mandarin', 'terms', 'volume', 'information', 'date', 'Paris', 'time', '2023']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18061,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/artmarketcom-reports-q4-2022-revenue-growth-and-a-new-business-model-generating-additional-income-from-affiliate-advertisers-potentially-doubling-artprices-turnover-301743395.html,Artmarket.com reports Q4 2022 revenue growth and a new business model generating additional income from affiliate advertisers  potentially doubling Artprice's turnover.,PARIS  Feb. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- After posting good revenue figures for 4Q 2022  we are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket has got off to a dynamic start to 2023 with January's turnover showing a 17% increase versus the year-earlier period. The figure…,"PARIS  Feb. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- After posting good revenue figures for 4Q 2022  we are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket has got off to a dynamic start to 2023 with January's turnover showing a 17% increase versus the year-earlier period.The figures show that since the start of 2023  Artmarket.com has been gaining market share with new customers despite the uncertain economic context stemming from very unpredictable geopolitical parameters and an inflationary dynamic that poses significant challenges for central banks  particularly for the ECB and the FED.Artprice took advantage of the Covid period to develop and deploy the most significant modification in its history  leading to a change in its business model with paying advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services. These advertisers are essentially the 6 500 Auction Houses around the world that have been affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and today conduct 98% of their sales online.It is quite possible that the turnover generated by these 6 500 auction houses will ultimately generate more turnover than subscriptions  which currently represent 90% of Artprice by Artmarket.com's turnover. By effectively responding to a long-standing request from its partner auction houses  Artprice believes it can double its turnover. A second major change in our business model relates to our decision to license our Standardized Database of Artists  today the most comprehensive in the world.Future events in 2023: annual licensing of Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists  with an entry price of €7 500 per yearIn recent years  Artprice by Artmarket  which owns the largest known editorial collection of manuscripts and catalogs from 1700 to the present day (a current asset with an estimated value of €16.257 million in Artprice by Artmarket.com's balance sheet)  has developed the most comprehensive database of artists in the world.At Artprice by Artmarket  we never forget that artists are what the art market revolves around; they are its primary and unique motor  and all the news  exhibitions  auctions  galleries  museums  biennials  fairs  and shows evolve around them. In short  none of it could exist without the artist.Each Artist page is created within the framework of a standardized editorial charter and a set of processes protected under France's Intellectual Property Laws  with a biography supported by certified documents from the artist and/or his/her beneficiaries that are deposited in Artprice's physical archives.Each analog/digital record has 140 referential integrity fields which are themselves relational databases.Each Artist page includes details about their various disciplines and artistic techniques  their past auction results (with photographs of the works)  their upcoming sales  their signatures and monograms  an indication of any catalog raisonné and/or reference work  their annual auction turnover  their auction records  the geographical distribution of their sales  their key market indices  their unsold rates  as well as all articles or dispatches from Artprice's press agency ""ArtMarket Insight"" written about the artist.This allows Artprice to attribute each artist with a dedicated ID (like a business identification code) and for each of his/her works  another specific ID (like a vehicle registration document) and to 'standardize' the art market to ensure reliable traceability  accurate indices  and comprehensive monitoring. These unique and rigorous processes are subject to multiple protection mechanisms under France's Intellectual Property Laws.A single Artist Log costs on average 270€ to 300€ to create  and  despite ultra-powerful computing  it requires human validation by a committee of editors and translation into the six languages of the Artprice databases  namely English  French  Spanish  German  Italian and Mandarin.In 25 years  the Artprice Artist Database has established itself as the leading standardized global database in terms of the number of artists it covers  but also in terms of the volume of information per Artist entry.To date  the only reference we have retained is the Benezit Dictionary  created in 1911 in Paris and which Artprice tried to acquire from Éditions Gründ in the early 2000s.At the time  Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists included 120 000 artists while the Benezit had 175 000. The latter was therefore the de facto global reference by its sheer number of artists. Despite a very substantial financial proposal from Artprice  the Benezit was finally sold to Oxford Art Online (see our registration document and financial report).In 2023  the online Benezit  in English  has 170 000 artists and a subscription entry cost of £215 per year.Artprice's standardized artists' database now totals 803 000 artists from the 4th century to the present day  in six languages.The overall cost associated with successfully building the most comprehensive Standardized Database of Artists in the world also includes the cost of acquiring legendary companies and documentary collections such as the Enrique Mayer Guide (1962/1987)  the famous Dictionary of Art Sales by Doctor H. Mireur 1700-1900  the American leader Sound View Press with nearly 50 databases on the USA including the famous biographical collection Who Was Who in American Art (1991)  Editions Franck Van Wilder (1970)  the Swiss company Xylogic (world specialist in Art Market indices since 1985)  the Bayer Database on the Anglo-Saxon Art Market from 1700 to 1913  Signatures and Monogrammes by Caplan & Creps (USA)  a global reference work (1976)  and a whole host of other works and records.Indeed  over the past 25 years  we at Artprice have pursued a systematic policy of purchasing all manuscripts and catalogs  mainly from 1700 to 1970  from all over the world. The acquisition of this historical knowledge was an unavoidable process in ensuring that Artprice could standardize the art market with certainty and know the perfect traceability of works of art and their correct attributions.In the 20th century  the Benezit was the major reference  the Bible of the Art Market according to Le Monde newspaper. To date  it is the only serious financial and analytical referent for Artprice  notably because of its use of a comparative methodology.Nevertheless  the 803 000 artists in Artprice's Standardized Database represent a volume 472% greater than that of the Benezit Oxford University Press Dictionary (170 000 artists)  with access in six languages for Artprice compared with just one language for the Benezit.For Artprice  the total present-day cost in 2023 of building the most exhaustive database of artists in the world is 216 million euros (see paragraph on analytical cost). Despite being an asset in permanent growth  under International Financial Reporting Standards  the valuation of such a perennial asset is recognized in Artprice by Artmarket.com balance sheets at only a fraction of its real value (IFRS have been adopted since 2005 to harmonize the presentation of listed companies' financial and accounting statements).Indeed  the creation of the index for Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists was an extremely complex operation involving seven million hours of work by historians  researchers  editors  journalists  econometricians  and a dedicated IT department over 25 years.Now that it exists  Artprice by Artmarket is constantly being asked for licenses to use its Standardized Database of Artists  mainly by the tens of thousands of online galleries  marketplaces  Auction Houses  Experts  online auction sites  copyright companies  customs  and tax authorities  museums foundations and insurance companies that operate in this segment  but without an exhaustive standardized database of artists.Many of these players are prone to making regular attribution errors - as they themselves admit - and for the small or recently established structures  their survival depends on access to a standardized and consistent Database of Artists over the centuries.One of the main difficulties is having  on the one hand  a massive collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts  and on the other hand  proprietary algorithms that can track down and identify the numerous homonyms that exist in the field of art.Indeed  art history is full of homonyms. One of the solutions was to link the name of the artist to his place of birth as well as his connection to an ethnic group or a family or a clan.After a global market study focusing mainly on incoming requests from future clients  we calculated that the entry price for a license to use the index of Artprice's Standardized Database of 803 000 Artists  will be around €7 500 per year  i.e. a monthly charge of €625  which makes this operating license very affordable for small or recently-established structures.Of course  this annual operating license – limited to the Standardized Index of Artists  does not in any way compete with Artprice or its multiple databases  as is contractually agreed with the licensee. This operating license uses an Application Programming Interface (API) provided by Artprice to connect software (or a website) to Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists.If the licensee notices that its customers request  for example  the price of works for past or future sales  indices and statistics on an artist  monograms and signatures  or any other information held by Artprice's databases  it may ask the Artprice licensor for a return API (re-routing/affiliation contract) to Artprice's paid databases where the licensee receives between 5 and 20% commission depending on the turnover achieved with Artprice on an annual subscription contracted on Artprice by Artmarket payment platforms. This allows Artprice to collect €7 500/year on the one hand  and on the other hand  to greatly increase its turnover via its many licensees.Future events HI 2023: at the beginning of March Artprice will deploy its most sophisticated version of Artprice.com that will  among other things  initiate a complete change in our business model. Henceforward  our website will integrate paid advertisers into our databases and services and our Artist pages and Web 3.0.At the beginning of March 2023  Artprice by Artmarket will deploy the latest and most sophisticated version of its website in response to the numerous requests from its customers  which reflects the growth and expansion of its digital footprints. After 18 months of development  partly extended by the Covid  this large-scale deployment will affect all of Artprice's databases and services.To develop this latest version of our website  Artprice by Artmarket submitted a call for tenders at the end of 2019 and finally selected a team of very qualified and passionate external consultants to conduct an analysis followed by the development of a complete overhaul of Artprice.com. The whole process was based on a solid 'user interface' (UI) and 'user experience' approach  which  as their labels suggest  means that our entire website has been redesigned with an acute focus on making it easier for the user.At its core  the new website will include a very substantial change in our business model  since paying advertisers will be fully integrated into our databases and services. These advertisers are mainly the 6 500 auction houses worldwide  affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and which now conduct 98% of their sales online. They will now  in paying advertiser mode  be able to highlight their future sales with extremely relevant targeting  depending on the search criteria of Artprice's 7.2 million customers.It should be noted that for the past half a century  the economic models of auction houses have always allocated roughly 34% of their overall costs to advertising (usually announcing details of upcoming public sales)  regardless of the country they operate in or the size of the auction house.Since auctions are now 98% advertised online  the pressure from Artprice-affiliated auction houses in 2023 to promote their sales for a fee has found its best response with this new deployment. Indeed  the auction houses now believe that their communication budgets for future sales (34% of their estimated value) must be focused online  rather than on the printed media.In the past Artprice always considered online advertising to be incompatible with its databases in terms of readability and reputation. We have therefore done everything we can to satisfy demand from the auction houses while maintaining Artprice's original DNA.On the new version of the site  the 6 500 auction houses will be able to merge into the entire industrial process of Artprice by Artmarket by advertising their future sales and pushing the ""followed"" artists selected by the 7.2 million Artprice customers and members (alerts by SMS  RSS  instant messaging  e-mail  ""my artists"" page  etc.).Since 1997 Artprice's primary ambition has been to foster art market transparency by expanding knowledge from a circle of insiders to the general population to facilitate development and growth. The new presentation of Artprice by Artmarket will enhance this transparency through access to verified  verifiable  and above all contextualized data.Indeed  Artprice by Artmarket's clients and members will intuitively dive into the heart of art market news and will be privileged players within a human and educational approach  which is often lacking in the world of GAFAs.Moreover  Artprice's essential and historic collaborations as World Leader in Art Market Information will become even more apparent in this new version  mainly via contributions from individual artists who have participated in this evolution.The auction houses that have been our historical partners are  of course  the other essential collaboration. Indeed  their interest in collaborating with Artprice can only increase as they highlight their future sales with discreet and effective prestige  which will – in turn – generate additional recurring income for Artprice via its proprietary Intranet (the primary working tool for auction houses for many years).It is quite possible that the advertising revenue generated by these 6 500 auction houses (affiliated with Artprice since 1997) will ultimately generate more income than subscriptions  which currently represent 90% of Artprice's turnover. As mentioned earlier  Artprice has a clear ambition to double its turnover and  again  this initiative is a direct result of long-standing requests from our partner auction houses.In sum  after more than two years of R&D (extended by the Covid crisis)  Artprice by Artmarket is proud to be able fully to engage Artmarket.com customers  partners  and members in a new experience at the heart of the art market.This is undoubtedly one of the founding stones for the future of Artprice by Artmarket  with a fundamentally improved positioning via the referencing of images on search engines  the objective of increasing traffic to conquer new market share and to corner the market for the certification of primary issues of Art NFTs.Thanks to Google Analytics 4  the latest generation of Analytics  the ""Crawl budget""  a combination of Google's ""crawl rate"" and ""crawl demand""  increased from 915 000 requests/day to a new average of 2.5 million/day since the deployment of Artprice's 803 000 Artist homepages at the end of 2022.Through this deployment  Artprice has not only remained faithful to its principle of maintaining the readability of its databases but has also responded (at last) to the continual requests from its 6 500 affiliated Auction Houses around the world to have access to paid advertisements to enhance their future sales.Since January 2023  a complete UI//UX overhaul of Artists P ages and our Web 3.0/Art NFTs allowed greater global visibility for the 803 000 artists on Artprice by Artmarket.Artmarket.com has implemented a substantial tariff increase for its subscriptions and services since the beginning of 2023. These increases will generate an increase in future income. Artmarket.com was already profitable for a decade  and the additional revenue will translate almost entirely into net income since we will still be below the €90 million euros p.a. tax bracket.This tariff increase follows extensive consultation with Artprice by Artmarket customers who will continue to benefit from our databases and services  well aware that they find essential data in Artprice that they cannot find elsewhere. Enriched by over a million ultra-qualified new data every year  our indisputable position as World Leader in Art Market Information since 1997  must now be properly and systematically monetized.Artprice's databases are today unquestionably the most exhaustive in the world and this is recognized by a broad consensus of art market operators. It covers nearly 803 000 artists  all referenced with their biographies  auction results  market indices  decision-making help tools  signatures & monograms  and future sales  alongside historical information and contemporary  cultural  and market news. In total  our databases contain several tens of millions of data inputs and their combination and exploitation by our teams means that the sum of the parts is infinitely more valuable  and the whole system is protected by various intellectual property rights.Despite this substantial price increase  Artprice by Artmarket's offer remains by far the best value compared to the offer by our competitors who have not managed to evolve and offer subscriptions with limited searches: annual professional subscriptions from the competition for 150 searches €350/year  or 450 searches €975/year  and  in the event of an overrun  €2.45/request (as noted by Court Bailiff in November 2022).In a world of ""unlimited"" offers  these offers are quite simply anachronistic. Moreover  the competition's offer is based on data of only 330 000 artists and from a selection of only 1 600 auction houses  whereas Artprice by Artmarket covers 803 000 artists and 6 500 auction houses  with unlimited subscriptions from €279 to €569/year  including a range of indices  decision-making tools  and signatures & monograms that is unique in the world. Indeed  Artprice would still be very competitive at substantially higher prices.Surprisingly – given the geopolitical and economic context – the global art market is displaying insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for works from all artistic periods during recent sales sessions  regardless of the country. And there have been no cancellations of classic and/or prestige cataloged sales for 2022 or 2023  which are the main indicators of the art market's health.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that art is a safe-haven investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which has outperformed traditional stock market indices. The current period of stock market jitters has channeled new funds and investments into the art market. For information  the Artprice100© index has increased by 612% since 2000. For the year 2022  the S&P index posted a contraction of -19% versus +3% for the Artprice100©.In our upcoming Global Art Market Report  we plan to present a truly global analysis of the art market's activities in 2022. This report is scheduled for publication in early March 2023. It will be available free of charge online and in PDF version. The AFP will publish it first.It is clear that war in Eastern Europe and the fears of a global recession have not depressed the art market at the start of this year.At the end of 2022  the AFP posted an article with the evocative title ""The collection of Microsoft co-founder aims for a billion-dollar auction total in New York"" and added ""With the late Paul G Allen's collection  Christie's is aiming for a historic art auction record  symbol of a market that is surging ahead despite a world shaken by crises.""Our new version of Artists Homepages bolsters the primary and preferred entry points to all of Artprice's databases and services because artists are indeed the foundation on which the art market has been based since its origin. With this major overhaul  Artprice also aims to reposition artists at the heart of the art market via the production of Art NFTs  which are one of the foundations of Web 3.0.The major overhaul of Artprice.com aims to provide its customers and members with a better experience  more in line with their needs. It has been implemented after several years of collecting and analyzing their needs in strict compliance with the legislation in force in Europe and the USA.The overhaul naturally integrates the arrival of Art NFTs  whose growth is exponential and which also constitutes a paradigm shift for artists in the art market who find themselves once again masters of their destiny  as was the case during the Renaissance.All of the art market's principal market-makers  including the majority of the auction houses around the world  now have NFT departments for cataloged and online sales throughout the year. Likewise  all the major structures in the museum industry and art galleries sphere are starting to publish their own NFTs.In addition  the major overhaul of Artprice by Artmarket.com finally highlights the largest proprietary collection of original manuscripts and sales catalogs printed since 1700. Owned and collected by Artprice over the last three decades  this collection acts as the fundamental core of Artprice's digital standardization of the art market and legitimizes its position as Global Leader in Art Market Information for 25 years.After the overhaul of our Artists Homepages  Artprice customers and prospects will have access to several centuries of knowledge organized over 25 years by Artprice's historians and editors. Access to this historical information has been structured in a perfectly intuitive and natural way so that users can immerse themselves in the exceptional and complex history of the art market.These new pages highlight the wealth and depth of Artmarket.com's databases and services  offering a high level of added value. The use of algorithmic AI allows access to highly relevant and personalized recommendations  allowing users to deepen their knowledge of the art market and ultimately generating more sophisticated subscriptions and therefore greater business revenue.This feature also brings Artprice by Artmarket clients and members fully into the Web 3.0 and Art NFTs sphere  giving Artmarket.com a considerable lead in its core business.Ahead of our major rollout in December 2022  Artprice has listened carefully to both its historical customers and its new customers and prospects.Indeed  with cryptocurrencies  Art NFTs and the Metaverse  new collectors and art enthusiasts have arrived  often considerably younger than their predecessors. There are now more than 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs. Accustomed to speculation and risk-taking  art enthusiasts and collectors nonetheless  have no intention of abandoning their Web 3.0 crypto-universe.Having frequently used the services of Artprice  they have become new clients for Artmarket.com  but they made it clear they needed art prices to be added in both ETH and BTC throughout the entire Artprice databases. This major addition to our platform was completed at the end of 2022.The ultra-targeted digital campaigns on Twitter demonstrate through their returns (3 to 5%) that these new buyers respond with high-end Artprice subscriptions.In addition  Artmarket.com is pleased to have given historical preference to Ethereum which  via an operation baptized ""The Merge"" on 15 September 2022  converted in entire blockchain from a Proof-of-work (PoW) type consensus mechanism to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) type mechanism to move to a more environmentally friendly system.According to the Ethereum Foundation  this move was followed by an immediate drop in the total energy consumption of the Ethereum network by 99.9%.Thus  to foster the exchange and sale of Art NFTs on its Marketplace  and given the energy context  Artprice's choice for the Ethereum blockchain is fully in line with the ambitions expressed by France's Minister for the Economy  Bruno Le Maire  as announced in a previous press release:www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/10/20/artmarket_com-deja-positionnee-sur-les-nfts-avec-artprice-reagit-a-l_itw-de-bruno-le-maire-donnee-a-bfm-crypto-voulant-faire-deThis week  the French-language weekly business magazine has headlined its February issue (772) with the following title: ""What if Ethereum had the keys to blockchain success? Experiencing rapid growth  the decentralized cryptocurrency platform presents itself as one of the ""green"" options in the sector. A strategy that is convincing more and more investors and institutions"".thierry Ehrmann  Founder of Artprice and CEO of Artmarket.com emphasizes: ""In its various annual reports on the Art Market and its regulated information it publishes as a listed company  Artprice by Artmarket.com has always said concerning NFTs that it is impossible to apprehend this new market without a perfect knowledge of the relevant Monetary & Financial Codes and Intellectual Property Codes of the countries in which the market is operating. Similarly  to appreciate the nature of this market (experiencing exponential growth)  one also needs a true understanding of Blockchain  cryptocurrencies  and their cultural origins among the Cypherpunks (period of PGP-type data encryption at the beginning of 1990)""These regulations have been the subject of studies  colloquia  and proposals to major French and European government bodies by Blanche Sousi and the Art & Law Institute  with whom Artprice by Artmarket has been heavily involved as a long-standing member since 1997.2023: more than ever  Artprice's eco-responsible philosophy must set an example in the world of data centers.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice:""Artprice by Artmarket.com has patiently and methodically given itself all the means to evolve in response to the needs of Art Market professionals. All the indicators are positive for the future and we project a doubling of revenue  notably by opening up to paying advertisers integrated into our services and databasesWe have also developed  since 2017  processes to optimize the use of our servers  by limiting the power required and reducing the energy consumption of Artprice's Data Centers by 40%. This has been achieved by using the principle of micro-grids which allow better exploitation of production units (a multiple technologies decision) and the use of mainly renewable energiesThrough its commitment to the micro-grid  the Artprice by Artmarket Data Centers are part of a responsible and shared environmental logic (without risk for Artprice's processing requirements) which involves analyzing the evolution of renewable energies concerning new applied sciences and ongoing research according to the principle of ""formativity"" (notion coined by Luigi Pareyson).Given the generous geography of our head office (Domaine de la Source  built in 1630)  we are developing  with partners  a 'climatic' system based on the technique of artesian wells which capture water from deep layers of subsoil. This system will be protected by patents that will be filed by Artprice and Server Group  and it will respond in an ecologically responsible manner to the current energy crisis which is far more serious than the two oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 and which is only just beginning.As a global leader  Artprice considers eco-responsibility a philosophical and moral obligation. It is coherent with our market position  our corporate culture  and the sentiments of our customers.Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.comfor your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: econometrics@artprice.com Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo(free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 803 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comArtprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.9 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013· L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o· www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)· https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann ir@artmarket.comLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.31,0.48,True,English,"['Q4 2022 revenue growth', 'new business model', 'Artmarket.com', 'additional income', 'affiliate advertisers', 'Artprice', 'turnover', 'de facto global reference', 'leading standardized global database', 'uncertain economic context', 'unpredictable geopolitical parameters', 'Intellectual Property Laws', '140 referential integrity fields', 'multiple protection mechanisms', 'Éditions Gründ', 'past auction results', 'substantial financial proposal', 'business identification code', 'standardized editorial charter', 'good revenue figures', 'second major change', 'vehicle registration document', 'partner auction houses', 'Oxford Art Online', 'single Artist Log', 'key market indices', 'comprehensive Standardized Database', 'subscription entry cost', ""standardized artists' database"", 'annual auction turnover', 'Artprice Artist Database', 'comprehensive database', '6,500 Auction Houses', 'art market', 'annual licensing', 'editorial collection', 'auction records', 'accurate indices', 'financial report', 'business model', 'entry price', 'reference work', 'comprehensive monitoring', 'market share', 'Artist entry', 'year-earlier period', 'new customers', 'inflationary dynamic', 'significant challenges', 'central banks', 'Covid period', 'significant modification', 'two decades', 'standing request', 'Future events', 'present day', 'current asset', 'balance sheet', 'physical archives', 'analog/digital record', 'various disciplines', 'artistic techniques', 'geographical distribution', 'unsold rates', 'press agency', 'dedicated ID', 'specific ID', 'reliable traceability', 'ultra-powerful computing', 'human validation', 'six languages', 'early 2000s', 'online Benezit', '4th century', 'overall cost', 'legendary companies', 'documentary collection', 'Artist page', 'relational databases', 'dynamic start', 'recent years', 'unique motor', 'rigorous processes', 'Benezit Dictionary', 'sheer number', 'Artmarket.com', 'ArtMarket Insight', 'upcoming sales', 'Artprice databases', '25 years', '120,000 artists', '170,000 artists', '803,000 artists', 'PARIS', 'Feb.', '4Q', 'January', '17% increase', 'ECB', 'FED', 'advantage', 'history', 'advertisers', 'services', 'world', 'subscriptions', 'long', 'decision', 'largest', 'manuscripts', 'catalogs', 'estimated', 'value', 'primary', 'news', 'exhibitions', 'auctions', 'galleries', 'museums', 'biennials', 'fairs', 'shows', 'none', 'framework', 'France', 'biography', 'documents', 'beneficiaries', 'details', 'photographs', 'works', 'signatures', 'monograms', 'indication', 'raisonné', 'articles', 'dispatches', 'committee', 'editors', 'translation', 'English', 'French', 'Spanish', 'German', 'Italian', 'Mandarin', 'terms', 'volume', 'information', 'date', 'time', 'latter', '2023']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,prnewswire.co.uk
18062,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605317/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2022-results.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 resultsStrong results demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model  efficient management of cash trading market share combined with cost discipline. Upgraded 2024 synergies target.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022.F ull year 2022 underlying revenue and income 1 up + 0 . 1 % pro forma 2 at € 1 467.8 million ( reported revenue and income at € 1 418. 8 million   +€120.2 million   -3.2 % pro forma 2   + 9.3 % reported ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business and enhanced revenue capture : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58.1% of 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 58% pro forma in 2021) and covered 141% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 3 (vs. 142% pro forma in 2021). Trading revenue grew to €514.1 million (-0.8% pro forma  +10.5% reported). FX and power trading reported strong performances. The softer environment for cash trading volumes from the second semester of 2022 was offset by efficient management of yield and an uptick in market share from October 2022. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €364.5 million (+1.5 % pro forma  +13.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €243.1 million (stable pro forma  +10.9% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model as settlement activity stabilised. Clearing revenue increased to €121.4 million (+4.5% pro forma  +19.7% reported) mainly as a result of the consolidation of revenue from Euronext Clearing (acquired on 29 April 2021) and improved product mix. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €44.0 million  excluding Q3 2022 €49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1 . Listing revenue grew to €218.4 million (+7.3% pro forma  +15.1% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions. In 2022  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 83 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €212.1 million (+4.8% pro forma  +15.5% reported)  driven by the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and a strong performance of both real-time and non real-time data businesses.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 861.6 million ( +€90.6 million   -1.2 % pro forma  +11. 7 % reported ) reflecting continued cost disciplin e despite strong inflationary pressure . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 58. 7 % (-0. 8 pt s pro forma   -0. 7 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 3 were €606.1 million (+2.0% pro forma  +14.9% reported)  beating revised 2022 cost guidance of €612 million (initially €622 million)  thanks to efficient cost control and several positive one-off impacts over the year.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5.9% reported to€ 437.8 million ( + € 24. 5 million): Net financing expenses were at €29.7 million and results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.6%.Adjus ted net income 3   share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5. 7 % to € 555.3 millionAdjusted EPS 4 was down -4. 8 % at € 5.2 1   due to higher share countdue to higher share count Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.6x at the end of 2022 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.4x resulting from strong cash generation since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Key figures for full year 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2022 2021 % var % varl-f-l5 % var pro forma Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% -3.2% Underlying revenue and income1 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% +0.1% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A3 (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% +2.0% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% -1.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts -0.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% -3.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Dividend proposal:As announced on 28 July 2022  a pay-out ratio of 50% of reported net income  adjusted for the Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss related to the partial disposal of Euronext Clearing portfolio  representing a dividend for 2022 of €236.6 million (€2.22 per share) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 May 2023.Cost guidance for 2023:In 2023  Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €630 million  compared to the annualised second semester of 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around €620 million. The slight increase in costs only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives. Savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development costs.Status update on synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies were achieved at the end of Q4 2022  thanks to restructuring efforts and the migration of the Core Data Centre. €9.7 million run-rate annual synergies were delivered in Q4 2022. €44.2 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q4 2022  of which €6.3 million during Q4 2022.Next steps in the deployment of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan : Euronext upgrades its 2024 annual run - rate pre - tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by € 15 millon to € 115 million . Implementation costs remain unchanged. Euronext confirmed the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023  forming the first phase of the migration  and of Borsa Italiana other markets in Q4 2023 allowing for termination of the third-party provider trading platform contract. Euronext confirmed the phases in the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023 and of derivative clearing by Q3 2024. These strategic projects are expected to reach around € 7 0 million of cumulated run-rate synergies by the end of 2023  out of the €115 million targeted. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%   and revenue capture a round 0.5 2 bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq ®   considering current market conditions and orders size.Key achievement in the deployment of the ‘ Fit for 1.5 °’ ESG strategy in 2022 : Euronext’s upgraded SBTi-aligned climate targets were validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative: By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.The Group’s efforts to enhance diversity were recognised through the inclusion of Euronext into the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2022  Euronext reached record revenue and income above €1.4 billion notably resulting from the strong performance of our non-volume related activities  together with efficient management of revenue capture and of cash trading market share. Thanks to our trademark cost discipline  we beat our 2022 revised costs guidance. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA of €861.6 million that translated into an adjusted EPS of €5.21. We will propose a total dividend of €236.6 million at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2023  representing 50% of our reported net income  excluding NTI loss impact.This year has been crucial in laying the foundations for the future growth of the Group. We have successfully completed the first major milestone of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan with the migration of our Core Data Centre from the UK to Italy. At the end of 2022  we have achieved €34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies related to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.This fruitful year paves the way for the next steps to be delivered in 2023. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe  operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq®  which will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext equity clearing house of choice by the end of 2023  and the CCP for derivatives clearing in Q3 2024. These are the critical bricks to complete our presence across the integrated value chain  allowing us to innovate and shape capital markets in line with evolving client needs  and making Euronext even stronger to deliver future growth.In an inflationary environment  we will contain our costs to a slight increase in 2023  at €630 million  demonstrating Euronext’s ability to maintain its cost discipline while investing to generate revenue expansion of our non-volume related activities. We expect to deliver by the end of 2023 around €70 million of the synergies targeted as part of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. Our good progress on integration led us to upgrade the total amount of targeted run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024 from €100 million to €115 million. This further demonstrates Euronext’s successful track record in integrating acquired companies.Our strong performance  combined with the successful ongoing delivery of the planned synergies  is supporting our deleveraging trajectory with a net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.6x  well below 3.2x at the time of closing of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition. This leaves the Group with flexibility to further deploy capital in value generating opportunities that might arise.Lastly  we are happy to see that our ‘Fit for 1.5°’ ESG strategy is bearing fruit  as our upgraded emission reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative. We are pleased to see Euronext being included in both the Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices  demonstrating the progress we are making in striving towards more equality.”Euronext Q4 and full year 2022 financial performanceFull year 20226In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2022 FY 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% Underlying revenue and income7 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% Listing 218.4 189.7 +15.1% +6.6% Trading revenue  of which 514.1 465.3 +10.5% -2.4% Cash trading 301.7 293.7 +2.7% -4.4% Derivatives trading 58.4 52.5 +11.3% +2.6% Fixed income trading 93.0 65.8 +41.3% -8.9% FX trading 28.4 23.5 +21.0% +7.9% Power trading 32.7 29.9 +9.4% +8.9% Investor Services 9.6 8.9 +7.9% +10.8% Advanced Data Services 212.1 183.6 +15.5% +5.4% Post-Trade  of which 364.5 320.6 +13.7% +0.2% Clearing 121.4 101.4 +19.7% +3.8% Custody and Settlement 243.1 219.2 +10.9% -4.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 100.1 85.5 +17.1% +3.3% NTI through CCP business (4.9) 35.4 -113.9% -42.2% Other income 1.5 3.5 -55.7% -92.9% Transitional revenues 3.4 6.2 -45.3% -81.9% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (633.4) (584.8) +8.3% +2.7% EBITDA 785.4 713.9 +10.0% -2.3% Depreciation & Amortisation (160.2) (134.6) +19.0% -1.6% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (793.6) (719.4) +10.3% +2.3% Adjusted operating profit 792.8 709.6 +11.7% -2.3% Operating Profit 625.3 579.3 +7.9% Net financing income / (expense) (29.7) (31.7) -6.4% Results from equity investments 18.7 33.2 -43.7% Profit before income tax 614.2 580.7 +5.8% Income tax expense (163.6) (158.6) +3.1% Share of non-controlling interests (12.8) (8.7) +46.5% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Share count differs between the two periods2022 revenue and incomeIn 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €1 418.8 million  up +9.3% reported compared to 2021  resulting from the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong performance of non-volume related activities  partially offset by the Q3 2022 €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35.0 million post-tax) related to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9 and a softer volume environment for cash equity trading. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was up +13.0% in 2022  to €1 467.8 million.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was stable (-0.2%) in 2022  at €1 204.4 million  compared to 2021. Pro forma the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition on 29 April 2021  underlying revenue and income were stable in 2022 compared to 2021  resulting from strong non-volume related activities  notably listing and advanced data services  very good performances for FX and power trading and a solid performance of derivatives trading.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2022  stable vs. 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities  good performance of non-equity related trading activities and the challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related underlying revenue ratio was at 141% in 2022  almost stable vs. 2021 (142%).2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €606.1 million  up +14.9%  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group costs and continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Underlying expenses excluding D&A (€606.1 million) were better than 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs excluding D&A (€622 million initially) thanks to strong cost discipline  project costs being capitalised and one-off positive impacts  including release of accruals and lower-than-anticipated travel and marketing expenses due to the Covid-19 pandemic.On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly by +2.7% compared to 2021  which was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing expenses during the pandemic  highlighting Euronext’s ability to contain inflation in 2022. On a pro forma basis for the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021  underlying operational expenses increased slightly by +2.0%  mainly due to the return of travel and marketing expenses in 2022.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €861.6 million and saw double digit growth  +11.7% compared to 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.7%  down -0.7 points compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was down -2.3%  to €699.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.1%  down -1.2 points compared to the same perimeter in 2021.2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €160.2 million in 2022  up +19.0%  mostly due to the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €83.3 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €792.8 million  a strong +11.7% increase compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -2.3% compared to 2021  at €643.6 million.€118.6 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2022 was €29.7 million compared to a net financing expense of €31.7 million in 2021. This decrease mainly results from the elimination of costs in relation to the bridge financing of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021  partially offset by the cost of bonds issued to finance the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million in 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in 2021  Euronext reported €33.2 million in results from equity investments  reflecting two dividends received from Sicovam and two dividends received from Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for 2022 was €163.6 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2022 (2021: €158.6 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €12.8 million in 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +5.9% for 2022 compared to 2021  to €437.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the portfolio reallocation10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022  compared to €4.30 basic and €4.29 diluted in 2021. This decrease reflects a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.7% to €555.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -4.8% in 2022  at €5.21 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.47 per share in 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €616.5 million  compared to €543.7 million in 2021  resulting from higher profit before tax and higher depreciation and amortisation. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 83.9% of EBITDA in 2022.Fourth quarter 202211In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 347.0 370.1 -6.2% -6.1% Listing 53.5 51.9 +3.1% +3.8% Trading revenue  of which 116.3 132.3 -12.1% -12.4% Cash trading 65.1 79.3 -17.9% -17.9% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.2 -5.4% -5.3% Fixed income trading 22.1 24.2 -8.5% -8.5% FX trading 6.7 6.1 +9.5% -2.2% Power trading 8.9 8.5 +4.7% +9.0% Investor Services 2.6 2.3 +13.2% +13.2% Advanced Data Services 54.5 50.7 +7.3% +7.7% Post-Trade  of which 88.6 90.9 -2.5% -2.4% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% -3.9% Custody and Settlement 59.6 60.7 -1.9% -1.6% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.9 26.4 +1.8% +2.2% NTI through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% -66.8% Other income 0.3 0.6 -53.2% -53.5% Transitional revenues 0.1 2.0 -93.1% -93.1% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (159.2) (156.6) +1.6% +2.1% Adjusted EBITDA 187.9 213.4 -12.0% -12.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 54.1% 57.7% -3.5pts -3.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (170.2) (170.6) -0.2% +2.1% EBITDA 176.9 199.5 -11.4% -12.1% Depreciation & Amortisation (42.6) (48.9) -12.8% +0.8% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (212.8) (219.4) -3.0% +1.9% Adjusted operating profit 168.4 194.1 -13.3% -13.4% Operating Profit 134.2 150.6 -10.9% Net financing income / (expense) (6.0) (6.7) -9.3% Results from equity investments 12.6 7.3 +71.7% Profit before income tax 140.8 151.3 -7.0% Income tax expense (38.5) (35.7) +7.7% Share of non-controlling interests (3.0) (2.9) +3.8% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 99.3 112.7 -11.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders12 118.2 144.6 -18.2% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.11 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.10 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5%Q4 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €347.0 million  down -6.2% compared to Q4 2021  primarily due to the solid performance of advanced data services and listing activities  offset by lower cash and fixed income trading and post-trade revenue  including net treasury income. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -6.1% in Q4 2022  to €346.5 million  compared to Q4 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2022  compared to 58% in Q4 2021  reflecting higher advanced data services and services revenue. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 130% in Q4 2022  compared to 136% in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €159.2 million  slightly up +1.6%  reflecting strong cost discipline in an inflationary environment and higher capitalised project costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation slightly increased by +2.1% compared to Q4 2021.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €187.9 million  down -12.0% compared to Q4 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%  down -3.5 points compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2022 was down -12.1%  to €187.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 54.2%  down -3.7pts points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €42.6 million in Q4 2022  -12.8% less than in Q4 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.8 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €168.4 million  a -13.3% decrease compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -13.4% compared to Q4 2021  at €168.2 million.€34.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q4 2022 was €6.0 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.7 million in Q4 2021. This decrease results from higher interest income due to increased interest rates partially offset by the higher cost of issued bonds and a negative revaluation of foreign currency balances.Results from equity investments amounted to €12.6 million in Q4 2022  representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in Q4 2021  Euronext reported €7.3 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2022 was €38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter (Q4 2021: €35.7 million and 23.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €3.0 million in Q4 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -11.9% for Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021  to €99.3 million. This represents a reported EPS of €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022  compared to €1.05 basic and €1.05 diluted in Q4 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -18.2% to €118.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -18.0% in Q4 2022  at €1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.35 per share in Q4 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In Q4 2022  Euronext reported a negative net cash flow from operating activities of €147.1 million  compared to a positive €145.6 million in Q4 2021  reflecting higher negative changes in working capital reflecting notably short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 51.9% of EBITDA in Q4 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Listing revenue 53.5 51.9 +3.1% 218.4 189.7 +15.1% Equity 27.0 23.9 +12.6% 108.5 86.9 +24.9% Annual fees 16.7 15.1 +10.5% 68.4 52.9 +29.5% Follow-ons 6.3 5.6 +12.8% 20.8 18.2 +13.9% IPOs 4.0 3.2 +22.3% 19.3 15.8 +22.4% Debts 9.0 10.5 -14.4% 36.6 38.5 -4.9% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.8 5.7 +1.8% 22.7 18.9 +20.2% Corporate Services 9.6 8.6 +11.4% 39.5 37.1 +6.5% ELITE and Other 2.2 3.1 -30.3% 11.1 8.3 +33.0% Money raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1%Fourth quarter 2022Listing revenue was €53.5 million in Q4 2022  an increase of +3.1% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time13. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.8% compared to Q4 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 24 new listings in Q4 2022. This compares to 57 new listings in the fourth quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Nine of the new listings in Q4 2022 were from international companies  confirming Euronext as the listing venue of choice outside of its core markets.In Q4 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €310 million raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q4 2021 with €6.6 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported a strong quarter with €10.1 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q4 2022  compared to €8.3 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 80 new listings.Euronext’s bond franchise remained resilient despite a challenging economic environment. In Q4 2022  €226.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €389.4 billion raised in Q4 2021.In total  €237.3 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q4 2022  compared to €404.2 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.6 million in Q4 2022  up +11.4% compared to Q4 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context and partially offset by a negative one-off adjustment.Full year 2022Listing revenue was €218.4 million in 2022  an increase of +15.1% compared to 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time14. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.6% compared to 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 83 new listings in 2022  outperforming all European listing venues. This compares to 212 in 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Five of the top ten largest IPOs in Europe15 in 2022 took place on Euronext  and 20 listings from international companies16  demonstrating Euronext’s attractiveness for companies in its core markets in Europe and beyond.In 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €3.8 billion raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a record 2021 with €26.0 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €28.5 billion raised in secondary equity issues in 2022  compared to €83.0 billion in 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 478 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in 202217  growing the number of bonds listed to more than 53 000 across all Euronext markets  despite persisting negative debt market conditions globally due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In 2022  €961.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €1.5 trillion raised in 2021.In total  €994.1 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in 2022  which represents the second best year for equity and debt listing in Euronext’s history after the €1.6 trillion raised in 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong year in terms of revenue at €39.5 million in 2022  up +6.5% compared to 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Trading revenue 116.3 132.3 -12.1% 514.1 465.3 +10.5% Cash trading revenue 65.1 79.3 -17.9% 301.7 293.7 +2.7% ADV Cash market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Derivatives trading revenue 13.4 14.2 -5.4% 58.4 52.5 +11.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 622 975 718 023 -13.2% 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Fixed income trading revenue 22.1 24.2 -8.5% 93.0 65.8 +41.3% ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% 353 700 282 655 +25.1% ADV other fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2% 909 895 +1.6% Spot FX trading revenue 6.7 6.1 +9.5% 28.4 23.5 +21.0% ADV spot FX Market (in USDm) 20 160 19 381 +4.0% 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power trading revenue 8.9 8.5 +4.7% 32.7 29.9 +9.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.98 2.76 +7.9% 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.13 0.08 +69.6% 0.10 0.07 +49.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis. Volumes including Italy on a pro forma basis for 2021 until the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021.Fourth quarter 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -17.9% to €65.1 million in Q4 2022  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by an uptick in market share from October 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €10.1 billion  a volume decrease of-17.2% compared to Q4 2021 resulting from a softer trading environment and partially offset by efficient revenue capture management.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana markets and larger average order size. During the fourth quarter 2022  Euronext continued to enhance its fee schemes. The latter translated into an uptick in market share from October 2022. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in Q4 2022. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates18.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on its cash equity trading business. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -17.9% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue decreased by -5.4% to €13.4 million in Q4 2022 as the volume mix positively impacted revenue capture and partially offset softer volumes in equity futures and options trading.During the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial derivatives was 550 517 lots  down -12.7% from Q4 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis with the higher volatility in Q4 2021.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 72 457 lots in Q4 2022  down -17.2% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting a normalised trading environment .Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2022  reflecting improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -5.3% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €22.1 million in Q4 2022  compared to €24.2 million in Q4 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the fourth quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €12.8 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.6 million of revenue.The fourth quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +36.0% compared to Q4 2021 to €397.0 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -32.7% to €15.4 billion  compared to €22.9 billion in Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.5% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €6.7 million in Q4 2022  up +9.5% from Q4 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue continued to benefit from geographic expansion and product diversification  despite softening volatility compared to the start of 2022.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD 20.2 billion were recorded  up +4.0% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -2.2% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €8.9 million in revenue in Q4 2022  representing a strong growth of +4.7% compared to Q4 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. In Q4 2022  record intraday power trading volumes were reported in Central and Western Europe.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.98TWh  up +7.9% compared to Q4 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.13 TWh  up +69.6% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +9.0% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue increased by +2.7% to € 301.7 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong volumes during the first semester of 2022  partially offset by lower volumes in the second half of 2022. Over 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €11.7 billion  stable compared to a record year 2021 at €11.8 billion. Euronext continued to be the provider of the best market quality  with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates19.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash trading averaged 66.6%  with a clear uptick in market share since October 2022  thanks to intense commercial activity and enhanced fee schemes.Over 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of the Borsa Italiana fee grid before the migration to the Optiq® trading platform and higher transaction orders sizes on a reported basis. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -4.4% in 2022 compared to 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +11.3% to €58.4 million in 2022  as a result of strong traction on the index derivatives franchise and improved product mix enhancing revenue capture.During 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 616 092 lots  down -5.3% from 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis in a volatile 2021  including lower activity from equity finance clients.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 79 318 lots in 2022  down -3.5% compared to 2021  reflecting a decrease in commodity futures trading compared to all-time high levels in 2021  partly offset by record activity on commodity options.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot in 2022  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +2.6% in 2022 compared to 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €93.0 million in 2022  compared to €65.8 million in 2021  reflecting the consolidation of MTS  whose volumes reflected the change in macro-economic conditions in Europe with rising inflation  interest rates and uncertainties which favoured money markets.MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In 2022  MTS Cash reported €59.5 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €21.6 million of revenue.2022 recorded strong growth in Repo trading  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +25.1% compared to 2021 to €353.7 billion. This compensated for lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -21.2% to €18.9 billion  compared to €24.0 billion in 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported all-time record revenues at €28.4 million in 2022  up +21.0% from 2021. Euronext FX trading benefited from the positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over 2022  average daily volumes of USD 22.5 billion were recorded  up +17.1% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +7.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €32.7 million in revenue in 2022  representing a strong growth of +9.4% compared to 2021  driven by record volumes  totalling over 1 000TWh  and continued successful geographic expansion in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland. Over 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.75TWh  up +11.4% compared to 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +49.8% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +8.9% compared to 2021.Investor ServicesFourth quarter 2022Investor Services reported €2.6 million revenue in Q4 2022  representing a +13.2% increase compared to Q4 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Investor Services reported €9.6 million revenue in 2022  representing a +7.9% increase compared to 2021  resulting from successful growth of the client base and successful key product launches.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +10.8% compared to 2021.Advanced Data ServicesFourth quarter 2022Advanced Data Services reached record revenue of €54.5 million in Q4 2022  up +7.3% from Q4 2021  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products  and a resilient quarter for the indices franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +7.7% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Advanced Data Services recorded revenue grew to €212.1 million in 2022  up +15.5% from 2021  driven by the consolidation of Borsa Italiana’s data businesses  as well as a strong performance of the core data and advanced data solutions businesses. The Euronext’s indices franchise posted a resilient performance in 2022  despite lower structured products activity following two years of intense volatility.Euronext continued to expand its ESG Indices franchise in 2022 including with the successful launch of ESG versions of its national flagship indices  the AEX® ESG in the Netherlands and the OBX® ESG in Norway  reinforcing the existing offering that already included the CAC 40® ESG in France and the MIB® ESG in Italy.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.4% compared to 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 88.6 90.9 -2.5% 364.5 320.6 +13.7% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% 121.4 101.4 +19.7% Revenue from LCH SA 18.1 18.5 -2.4% 75.8 71.5 +6.1% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.9 11.6 -6.3% 45.6 29.9 +52.5% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 59.6 60.7 -1.9% 243.1 219.2 +10.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% (4.9)1 35.4 -113.9%ClearingFourth quarter 2022Clearing revenue was down -3.9% to €29.0 million in Q4 2022  as a result of weaker cash equity and derivatives clearing activity  partly offset by stronger bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €8.9 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022).Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for bond clearing  and a decrease in equity and derivatives clearing in line with trading volumes. In Q4 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.4 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was down -3.9% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Clearing revenue grew by +19.7% to €121.4 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and a volatile volume environment throughout the year. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €39.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected the general market dynamic over 2022  with a gradual decline in equity and derivatives clearing volumes offset by a steady increase in bond clearing volumes. In 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €6.5 million from derivatives clearing  €16.7 million from equities clearing  and €9.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +3.8% compared to 2021.Net treasury incomeFourth quarter 2022As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio20. It disposed the portfolio maturing after 1 May 2023 while retaining its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023  which it will hold to maturity. As a consequence  net treasury income amounted to €4.3 million in Q4 2022.Full year 2022The partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million  reported in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss  net treasury income totalled €44.0 million in 2022  impacted by a high level of collateral held due to high levels of volatility.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesFourth quarter 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €59.6 million in Q4 2022  down -1.9% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting Euronext Securities resilient topline thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilised settlement environment. The fourth quarter of 2022 also showed a recovery in the value of assets under custody.26 265 921 settlement instructions were processed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -1.6% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €243.1 million in 2022  up +10.9% compared to 2021  driven by the consolidation of Euronext Securities Milan  a positively geared geographical mix and stable assets under custody  which offset lower settlement activity.120 550 357 settlement instructions were processed in 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion at the end of December 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -4.8% compared to 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueFourth quarter 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.9 million in Q4 2022  up +1.8% from Q4 2021  reflecting good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext’s Core Data Centre more than offsetting lower revenue from hosting services.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +2.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €100.1 million in 2022  up +17.1% from 2021  resulting from the consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group technology activities  including Gatelab and X2M and additional revenue generated through colocation activity following the Euronext’s Core Data Centre migration.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.3%. compared to 2021.Q4 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2022 results on 3 November 2022Completion of the acquisition of the technology business from Nexi’s capital markets activitiesOn 1 December 2022  Euronext announced the completion of the purchase of the technology business powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan  from Nexi. This Transaction enables Euronext to fully internalise the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan. Following this Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and services under commercial agreements.Disposal of MTS Markets International Inc.  US subsidiary of MTS S.p.A.On 15 December 2022  MTS S.p.A.  the leading European bond trading platform majority-owned by Euronext  announced that it has completed the sale of its US subsidiary MTS Markets International Inc. (“MMI”) to Tradition America Holdings Inc.  a subsidiary of Compagnie Financière Tradition SA.The sale of MMI was implemented as a result of the conclusion of a strategic review initiated following the integration of Borsa Italiana and the decision to divest non-core assets.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2023Expansion of Euronext Clearing to derivatives marketsOn 16 January 2023  Euronext announced that the European expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext derivatives markets is planned for Q3 2024. Euronext expects to migrate the listed financial derivatives and commodities markets of Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext Brussels  Euronext Lisbon  Oslo Børs and Euronext Paris from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing by Q3 202421. As a reminder  Euronext Clearing already clears Euronext Milan listed derivatives.As Euronext Clearing undertakes derivatives clearing services in Europe  Euronext has decided to terminate the existing derivatives clearing agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA  under the terms of the Agreement. Therefore  on 16 January 2023  Euronext served LCH SA notice of termination for the purposes of the Agreement.As set up in the Agreement  Euronext will pay a termination fee of approximately €36.0 million to LCH SA  provisioned in its income statement as non-underlying expenses in Q1 2023  and payable in 2024. As previously stated  this amount is included in the €150 million of implementation costs related to the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and already announced in November 2021.Following the notification of the early termination of the Agreement  LCH Group has the option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Further communication related to the stake owned by Euronext in LCH SA will be made when appropriate.Euronext and LCH SA are committed to working together to ensure an orderly migration of clearing flows from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing.The termination of the Agreement does not impact the existing clearing agreement signed between MTS S.p.A and LCH SA nor the existing agreement related to the interoperability link on Italian Government Bonds between Euronext Clearing and LCH SA.ESG innovation across the Group Euronext’s upgraded greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi): By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. On 12 January 2023  Euronext announced the launch of the CAC SBT 1.5°  an index investing solely in companies within the SBF 120 Index that have emissions reduction targets approved to be aigned with the 1.5° goal of the Paris agreement. Euronext entered the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  indices highlighting European companies that have demonstrated a strong role in improving gender equality. The gender equality score provider for these indices  Equileap  assesses each company’s commitment to gender equality from its boardroom to its supply chain  and is inspired by the UN Women’s Empowerment principles. The index methodology also applies activity-based exclusions  UNGC compliance and controversial activities exclusion.Euronext volumes January 2023In January 2023  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 794 million  down -29.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 625 398 contracts (-23.3% compared to January 2022) and the open interest was 21 803 069 contracts at the end of January 2022 (-14.6% compared to the end of January 2022).The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $19 646 million in January 2023  down -12.1% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were down -11.7% to € 19 309 million in January 2023  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €387 930 million  up +4.9% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 5 822 840 shares in January 2023  -27.4% compared to January 2022. €2 311 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +22.1% compared to the same period in 2022. 1 121 094 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +154.9% compared to January 2022. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -7.8% compared to January 2022  at 2 469 525 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 125 961 settlement instructions in January 2023  -13.8% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.3 trillion in January 2023  down -2.4% compared to January 2022.Upgrade of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ synergies targetEuronext upgrades its targeted 2024 annual run-rate pre-tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by €15 millon and now expects to deliver €115 million of cumulated annual run-rate pre tax synergies by the end of 2024.This compares to the €100 million already upgraded cumulated annual run-rate pre-tax synergies target announced in November 2021 and the initial target of €60 million set in October 2020.The €150 million of expected non-reccuring implementation costs remain unchanged.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 10 February 2023  at 09:00am CET (Paris time) / 08:00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2022 Q4 2021 FY 2022 FY 2021 Net income reported 99.3 112.7 437.8 413.3 EPS reported 0.93 1.05 4.10 4.30 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) (0.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (11.0) (13.9) (27.2) (57.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (23.1) (29.6) (91.4) (73.2) of which Net financing expense 3.1 0.0 2.3 (7.2) of which results from equity investments (0.0) 0.0 (1.5) (4.3) of which Minority interest 3.9 0.2 4.6 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.2 11.4 44.7 28.8 Adjusted net income 118.2 144.6 555.3 438.1 Adjusted EPS 1.11 1.35 5.21 5.47The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2022 Q4 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 370.1 - 370.1 Listing 53.5 - 53.5 51.9 - 51.9 Trading revenue  of which 116.3 - 116.3 132.3 - 132.3 Cash trading 65.1 - 65.1 79.3 - 79.3 Derivatives trading 13.4 - 13.4 14.2 - 14.2 Fixed income trading 22.1 - 22.1 24.2 - 24.2 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.1 - 6.1 Power trading 8.9 - 8.9 8.5 - 8.5 Investor services 2.6 - 2.6 2.3 - 2.3 Advanced data services 54.5 - 54.5 50.7 - 50.7 Post-Trade  of which 88.6 - 88.6 90.9 - 90.9 Clearing 29.0 - 29.0 30.1 - 30.1 Custody & Settlement and other 59.6 - 59.6 60.7 - 60.7 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.9 - 26.9 26.4 - 26.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 4.3 - 4.3 12.9 - 12.9 Other income 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 0.6 - 0.6 Transitional revenues 0.1 - 0.1 2.0 - 2.0 Operating expenses excluding D&A (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) (156.6) (13.9) (170.6) Salaries and employee benefits (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) (77.7) (7.9) (85.6) Other operational expenses  of which (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) (78.9) (6.1) (85.0) System & communication (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) (27.0) 0.3 (26.7) Professional services (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) (21.3) (4.7) (26.0) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.7) - (8.7) Accommodation (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) (19.4) (1.6) (21.0) EBITDA 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 213.4 (13.9) 199.5 EBITDA margin 54.1% 51.0% 57.7% 53.9% Depreciation & amortisation (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) (19.3) (29.6) (48.9) Total expenses (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) (175.9) (43.5) (219.4) Operating profit 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 194.1 (43.5) 150.6 Net financing income / (expense) (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) (6.7) - (6.7) Results from equity investment 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 7.3 - 7.3 Profit before income tax 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 194.8 (43.5) 151.3 Income tax expense (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) (47.1) 11.4 (35.7) Non-controlling interests (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) (3.2) 0.2 (2.9) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 144.6 (31.9) 112.7 EPS (basic  in €) 1.11 0.93 1.35 1.05 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.10 0.93 1.35 1.05FY 2022 FY 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 1 298.7 (0.0) 1 298.7 Listing 218.4 - 218.4 189.7 - 189.7 Trading revenue  of which 514.1 - 514.1 465.3 - 465.3 Cash trading 301.7 - 301.7 293.7 - 293.7 Derivatives trading 58.4 - 58.4 52.5 - 52.5 Fixed income trading 93.0 - 93.0 65.8 - 65.8 FX trading 28.4 - 28.4 23.5 - 23.5 Power trading 32.7 - 32.7 29.9 - 29.9 Investor services 9.6 - 9.6 8.9 - 8.9 Advanced data services 212.1 - 212.1 183.6 - 183.6 Post-Trade  of which 364.5 - 364.5 320.6 - 320.6 Clearing 121.4 - 121.4 101.4 - 101.4 Custody & Settlement and other 243.1 - 243.1 219.2 - 219.2 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 100.1 0.0 100.1 85.5 (0.0) 85.5 Net Financing Income through CCP business 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) 35.4 - 35.4 Other income 1.5 0.0 1.5 3.5 - 3.5 Transitional revenues 3.4 0.0 3.4 6.2 - 6.2 Operating expenses excluding D&A (606.1)(27.2) (633.4) (527.6)(57.2) (584.8) Salaries and employee benefits (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) (275.8) (11.3) (287.1) Other operational expenses  of which (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) (251.8) (45.9) (297.7) System & communication (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) (86.2) (0.1) (86.3) Professional services (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) (67.2) (21.9) (89.1) Clearing expense (35.6) - (35.6) (33.6) - (33.6) Accommodation (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) (9.3) (0.0) (9.3) Other operational expenses (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) (55.5) (23.8) (79.3) EBITDA 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 771.0 (57.2) 713.9 EBITDA margin 58.7% 55.4% 59.4% 55.0% Depreciation & amortisation (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) (61.4) (73.2) (134.6) Total expenses (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) (589.0) (130.3) (719.4) Operating profit 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 709.6 (130.3) 579.3 Net financing income / (expense) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) (24.5) (7.2) (31.7) Results from equity investment 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 37.4 (4.3) 33.2 Profit before income tax 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 722.6 (141.9) 580.7 Income tax expense (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) (187.4) 28.8 (158.6) Non-controlling interests (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) (9.6) 0.9 (8.7) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 525.5 (112.2) 413.3 EPS (basic  in €) 5.21 4.10 5.47 4.30 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.19 4.10 5.46 4.29Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit for the period 102.3 115.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (3.1) 12.5 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.8 (1.5) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 21.4 (5.5) – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (6.1) 1.9 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.2 (0.2) – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.8) (0.6) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 1.0 (0.5) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.0) 0.1 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 20.4 6.2 Total comprehensive income for the period 122.7 121.8 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 119.8 118.5 – Non-controlling interests 2.9 3.3The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2022 FY 2021 Profit for the period 450.6 422.1 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (29.4) 51.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.8 (6.1) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (40.3) (7.7) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.4) 2.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 42.1 3.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (8.5) (1.2) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 11.9 2.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.3) (0.2) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 23.7 44.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 474.4 466.5 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 462.0 456.5 – Non-controlling interests 12.4 10.0Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 109.4 97.6 Right-of-use assets 42.3 66.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 205.8 6 215.8Deferred income tax assets 18.9 37.5 Investments in associates and joint ventures 72.0 69.2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 278.2 258.1 Other non-current assets 3.7 4.2 Total non-current assets 6 730.3 6 748.6 Current assets Trade and other receivables 345.7 416.6 Income tax receivable 54.9 10.0 Derivative financial instruments (0.0) 11.9 CCP clearing business assets 166 842.5 137 750.9 Other current financial assets 162.7 157.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 001.1 804.4 Total current assets 168 407.0 139 151.3 Assets from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 6.4 Total assets 175 137.3 145 906.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 914.0 3 647.6 Non-controlling interests 126.3 85.3 Total Equity 4 040.3 3 770.7 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 027.2 3 044.4 Lease liabilities 21.6 50.7 Deferred income tax liabilities 552.6 592.4 Post-employment benefits 19.6 32.1 Contract liabilities 63.8 70.3 Other provisions 7.0 8.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 691.8 3 798.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.4 17.4 Lease liabilities 28.5 21.0 CCP clearing business liabilities 166 858.7 137 732.4 Income tax payable 28.5 42.1 Trade and other payables 396.3 439.9 Contract liabilities 75.2 80.5 Other provisions 0.7 2.3 Total Current liabilities 167 405.2 138 335.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 1.3 Total equity and liabilities 175 137.3 145 906.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit before tax 140.8 151.3 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 42.6 48.9 - Share based payments 4.2 3.0 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (2.8) (3.3) - Changes in working capital (254.9) 29.4 Cash flow from operating activities (70.1) 229.2 Income tax paid (77.0) (83.6) Net cash flows from operating activities (147.1) 145.6 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (54.3) - Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 7.8 - Purchase of current financial assets 1.8 (0.5) Redemption of current financial assets 0.6 7.5 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (10.8) (15.0) Purchase of intangible assets (20.0) (14.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.0 (0.0) Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 4.0 Dividends received from associates 0.0 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities (65.7) (18.0) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (80.0) Interest paid (0.3) (0.5) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments 0.0 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2.3 Payment of lease liabilities (4.5) (7.8) Acquisitions of own shares 1.0 (31.4) Employee Share transactions (0.1) (1.3) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.4) (5.6) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (124.4) Total cash flow over the period (222.1) 3.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 215.0 802.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents 8.2 3.6 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheet. Higher negative changes in working capital notably reflect short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers and suppliers invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities.The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedin € million FY 2022 FY 2021 Profit before tax 614.2 580.7 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 160.2 134.6 - Share based payments 14.0 10.4 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (8.8) (7.4) - Changes in working capital 57.5 41.1 Cash flow from operating activities 837.1 759.3 Income tax paid (220.6) (215.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 616.5 543.7 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (66.0) (4 196.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 8.7 5.9 Purchase of current financial assets (30.6) (40.4) Redemption of current financial assets 42.9 50.2 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (31.9) (33.4) Purchase of intangible assets (67.7) (34.2) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 25.7 Dividends received from associates 6.7 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (128.5) (4 215.5) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - 5 471.7 Repayment of borrowings  net of transaction fees - (3 762.9) Interest paid (29.6) (16.1) Interest received 5.9 5.0 Settlement of derivatives financial instruments (8.9) - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2 375.2 Payment of lease liabilities (23.4) (23.8) Acquisitions of own shares (0.0) (31.8) Employee Share transactions (3.6) (5.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (206.0) (157.2) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (10.9) (16.0) Net cash flow from financing activities (276.5) 3 839.1 Total cash flow over the period 211.5 167.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 809.4 629.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (19.9) 12.7 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedVolumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022Cash marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 %var Number of trading days 64 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 178 721 696 224 642 330 -20.4% ADV Cash Market 2 792 527 3 403 672 -18.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 645 454 803 596 -19.7% ADV Cash Market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 24 57 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 310.2 6 581 -95.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 052 8 268 +21.6% Money Raised - Bonds 226 900 389 375 -41.7% Total Money Raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 23 52 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 306 2 493 -87.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 3 906 3 263 +19.7% Money Raised - Bonds 240 1 650 -85.5% Total Money Raised 4 451 7 405 -39.9%YTD 2022 YTD 2021 %var Number of trading days 257 258 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 866 303 290 896 622 952 -3.4% ADV Cash Market 3 370 830 3 475 283 -3.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 3 006 082 3 046 361 -1.3% ADV Cash Market 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 83 212 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 3 750.8 26 015 -85.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 28 481 82 972 -65.7% Money Raised - Bonds 961 858 1 497 633 -35.8% Total Money Raised 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 77 194 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 973 10 642 -72.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 9 405 15 786 -40.4% Money Raised - Bonds 2 336 4 324 -46.0% Total Money Raised 14 714 30 752 -52.2%Fixed income marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 353 700 282 655 +25.1% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 909 895 +1.6%FX marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 65 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 310 383 1 279 143 +2.4% ADV Euronext FX 20 160 19 381 +4.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 260 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 851 899 4 995 569 +17.1% ADV Euronext FX 22 507 19 214 +17.1%Power marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.98 2.76 +7.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.13 0.08 +69.6%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.07 +49.8%Derivatives marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 35 233 108 41 615 200 -15.3% Index 16 033 772 13 898 538 +15.4% Futures 9 885 622 9 263 481 +6.7% Options 6 148 150 4 635 057 +32.6% Individual Equity 19 199 336 27 716 662 -30.7% Futures 927 921 3 050 923 -69.6% Options 18 271 415 24 665 739 -25.9% Commodity 4 637 260 5 774 309 -19.7% Futures 4 216 545 4 922 988 -14.3% Options 420 715 851 321 -50.6% Total Euronext 39 870 368 47 389 509 -15.9% Total Futures 15 030 088 17 237 392 -12.8% Total Options 24 840 280 30 152 117 -17.6% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 550 517 630 533 -12.7% Index 250 528 210 584 +19.0% Futures 154 463 140 356 +10.1% Options 96 065 70 228 +36.8% Individual Equity 299 990 419 949 -28.6% Futures 14 499 46 226 -68.6% Options 285 491 373 723 -23.6% Commodity 72 457 87 490 -17.2% Futures 65 884 74 591 -11.7% Options 6 574 12 899 -49.0% Total Euronext 622 975 718 023 -13.2% Total Futures 234 845 261 173 -9.6% Total Options 388 129 456 850 -2.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 257 258 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 158 335 700 167 931 631 -5.7% Index 64 341 758 57 331 737 +12.2% Futures 43 007 940 38 377 265 +12.1% Options 21 333 818 18 954 472 +12.6% Individual Equity 93 993 942 110 599 894 -15.0% Futures 9 288 011 20 729 380 -55.2% Options 84 705 931 89 870 514 -5.7% Commodity 20 384 703 21 212 415 -3.9% Futures 17 825 764 18 768 517 -5.0% Options 2 558 939 2 443 898 +4.7% Total Euronext 178 720 403 189 144 046 -5.5% Total Futures 70 121 715 77 875 162 -10.0% Total Options 108 598 688 111 268 884 -2.4% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 616 092 650 898 -5.3% Index 250 357 222 216 +12.7% Futures 167 346 148 749 +12.5% Options 83 011 73 467 +13.0% Individual Equity 365 735 428 682 -14.7% Futures 36 140 80 346 -55.0% Options 329 595 348 335 -5.4% Commodity 79 318 82 219 -3.5% Futures 69 361 72 746 -4.7% Options 9 957 9 472 +5.1% Total Euronext 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Total Futures 272 847 301 842 -9.6% Total Options 422 563 431 275 -2.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2022 31 December 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 17 957 749 21 689 103 -17.2% Index 1 074 463 1 202 953 -10.7% Futures 539 893 584 129 -7.6% Options 534 570 618 824 -13.6% Individual Equity 16 883 286 20 486 150 -17.6% Futures 225 815 1 149 835 -80.4% Options 16 657 471 19 336 315 -13.9% Commodity 865 620 1 096 536 -21.1% Futures 567 916 701 280 -19.0% Options 297 704 395 256 -24.7% Total Euronext 18 823 369 22 785 639 -17.4% Total Futures 1 333 624 2 435 244 -45.2% Total Options 17 489 745 20 350 395 -14.1%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 The variances on pro forma basis assume that the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group took place on 1 January 2021 and therefore include the Borsa Italiana Group financial performance for the entire comparative period. The Borsa Italiana Group financials were consolidated from 29 April 2021.3 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition and details of adjustments in Appendix.5 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.6 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data.7 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data12 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release13 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.14 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.15 In terms of money raised16 Companies from outside of Euronext core markets17 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised have been restated1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL20 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.21 The migrations of listed financial derivatives and commodities markets are subject to the declaration of non-objection of the relevant regulatorsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.24,0.31,True,English,"['full year 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'cash trading market share', 'diversified business model', 'tougher market conditions', 'cash trading volumes', 'volume related business', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'parent company shareholders', 'one-off post-tax loss', 'strong cash generation', 'real-time data businesses', 'continued cost disciplin', '83 new equity listings', 'strong inflationary pressure', 'Income tax rate', 'volume related revenue', 'efficient cost control', 'Net financing expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'underlying operating expenses', 'higher share count', 'Net treasury income', 'full year 2022 results', 'power trading', 'leading venue', 'Trading revenue', 'cost discipline', 'pre-tax loss', '2022 cost guidance', 'operational expenses', 'underlying revenue', 'efficient management', 'strong performance', 'equity investments', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'net income', 'Strong results', '2024 synergies target', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A', 'softer environment', 'second semester', 'settlement activity', 'product mix', 'debt listing', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Dividend proposal', 'pay-out ratio', 'revenue capture', 'Post-trade revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Listing revenue', 'l5 % var', 'partial disposal', 'EBITDA margin', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'Q4', '9 February', 'non', 'FX', 'yield', 'uptick', 'October', 'Custody', 'consolidation', '29 April', 'Q3', 'resilience', 'Adjus', 'EPS', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'income1', '28 July', '70', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18063,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2022-results-42945706/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext publishes …,"Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results 02/09/2023 | 11:46am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results Strong results demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model  efficient management of cash trading market share combined with cost discipline. Upgraded 2024 synergies target. Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. F ull year 2022 underlying revenue and income 1 up + 0 . 1 % pro forma 2 at € 1 467.8 million ( reported revenue and income at € 1 418. 8 million   +€120.2 million   -3.2 % pro forma 2   + 9.3 % reported ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business and enhanced revenue capture : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58.1% of 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 58% pro forma in 2021) and covered 141% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 3 (vs. 142% pro forma in 2021). Trading revenue grew to €514.1 million (-0.8% pro forma  +10.5% reported). FX and power trading reported strong performances. The softer environment for cash trading volumes from the second semester of 2022 was offset by efficient management of yield and an uptick in market share from October 2022. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €364.5 million (+1.5 % pro forma  +13.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €243.1 million (stable pro forma  +10.9% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model as settlement activity stabilised. Clearing revenue increased to €121.4 million (+4.5% pro forma  +19.7% reported) mainly as a result of the consolidation of revenue from Euronext Clearing (acquired on 29 April 2021) and improved product mix. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €44.0 million  excluding Q3 2022 €49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1 . Listing revenue grew to €218.4 million (+7.3% pro forma  +15.1% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions. In 2022  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 83 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €212.1 million (+4.8% pro forma  +15.5% reported)  driven by the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and a strong performance of both real-time and non real-time data businesses.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 861.6 million ( +€90.6 million   -1.2 % pro forma  +11. 7 % reported ) reflecting continued cost disciplin e despite strong inflationary pressure . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 58. 7 % (-0. 8 pt s pro forma   -0. 7 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 3 were €606.1 million (+2.0% pro forma  +14.9% reported)  beating revised 2022 cost guidance of €612 million (initially €622 million)  thanks to efficient cost control and several positive one-off impacts over the year.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5.9% reported to€ 437.8 million ( + € 24. 5 million): Net financing expenses were at €29.7 million and results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.6%.Adjus ted net income 3   share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5. 7 % to € 555.3 millionAdjusted EPS 4 was down -4. 8 % at € 5.2 1   due to higher share countdue to higher share count Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.6x at the end of 2022 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.4x resulting from strong cash generation since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Key figures for full year 2022: In €m  unless stated otherwise 2022 2021 % var % varl-f-l5 % var pro forma Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% -3.2% Underlying revenue and income1 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% +0.1% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A3 (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% +2.0% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% -1.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts -0.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% -3.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.29 -4.6% Dividend proposal: As announced on 28 July 2022  a pay-out ratio of 50% of reported net income  adjusted for the Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss related to the partial disposal of Euronext Clearing portfolio  representing a dividend for 2022 of €236.6 million (€2.22 per share) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 May 2023.Cost guidance for 2023: In 2023  Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €630 million  compared to the annualised second semester of 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around €620 million. The slight increase in costs only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives. Savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development costs.Status update on synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies were achieved at the end of Q4 2022  thanks to restructuring efforts and the migration of the Core Data Centre. €9.7 million run-rate annual synergies were delivered in Q4 2022. €44.2 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q4 2022  of which €6.3 million during Q4 2022.Next steps in the deployment of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan : Euronext upgrades its 2024 annual run - rate pre - tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by € 15 millon to € 115 million . Implementation costs remain unchanged. Euronext confirmed the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023  forming the first phase of the migration  and of Borsa Italiana other markets in Q4 2023 allowing for termination of the third-party provider trading platform contract. Euronext confirmed the phases in the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023 and of derivative clearing by Q3 2024. These strategic projects are expected to reach around € 7 0 million of cumulated run-rate synergies by the end of 2023  out of the €115 million targeted. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%   and revenue capture a round 0.5 2 bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq ®   considering current market conditions and orders size.Key achievement in the deployment of the ‘ Fit for 1.5 °’ ESG strategy in 2022 : Euronext’s upgraded SBTi-aligned climate targets were validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative: By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.The Group’s efforts to enhance diversity were recognised through the inclusion of Euronext into the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said: “In 2022  Euronext reached record revenue and income above €1.4 billion notably resulting from the strong performance of our non-volume related activities  together with efficient management of revenue capture and of cash trading market share. Thanks to our trademark cost discipline  we beat our 2022 revised costs guidance. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA of €861.6 million that translated into an adjusted EPS of €5.21. We will propose a total dividend of €236.6 million at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2023  representing 50% of our reported net income  excluding NTI loss impact.This year has been crucial in laying the foundations for the future growth of the Group. We have successfully completed the first major milestone of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan with the migration of our Core Data Centre from the UK to Italy. At the end of 2022  we have achieved €34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies related to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.This fruitful year paves the way for the next steps to be delivered in 2023. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe  operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq®  which will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext equity clearing house of choice by the end of 2023  and the CCP for derivatives clearing in Q3 2024. These are the critical bricks to complete our presence across the integrated value chain  allowing us to innovate and shape capital markets in line with evolving client needs  and making Euronext even stronger to deliver future growth.In an inflationary environment  we will contain our costs to a slight increase in 2023  at €630 million  demonstrating Euronext’s ability to maintain its cost discipline while investing to generate revenue expansion of our non-volume related activities. We expect to deliver by the end of 2023 around €70 million of the synergies targeted as part of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. Our good progress on integration led us to upgrade the total amount of targeted run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024 from €100 million to €115 million. This further demonstrates Euronext’s successful track record in integrating acquired companies.Our strong performance  combined with the successful ongoing delivery of the planned synergies  is supporting our deleveraging trajectory with a net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.6x  well below 3.2x at the time of closing of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition. This leaves the Group with flexibility to further deploy capital in value generating opportunities that might arise.Lastly  we are happy to see that our ‘Fit for 1.5°’ ESG strategy is bearing fruit  as our upgraded emission reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative. We are pleased to see Euronext being included in both the Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices  demonstrating the progress we are making in striving towards more equality.”Euronext Q4 and full year 2022 financial performance Full year 20226 In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2022 FY 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% Underlying revenue and income7 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% Listing 218.4 189.7 +15.1% +6.6% Trading revenue  of which 514.1 465.3 +10.5% -2.4% Cash trading 301.7 293.7 +2.7% -4.4% Derivatives trading 58.4 52.5 +11.3% +2.6% Fixed income trading 93.0 65.8 +41.3% -8.9% FX trading 28.4 23.5 +21.0% +7.9% Power trading 32.7 29.9 +9.4% +8.9% Investor Services 9.6 8.9 +7.9% +10.8% Advanced Data Services 212.1 183.6 +15.5% +5.4% Post-Trade  of which 364.5 320.6 +13.7% +0.2% Clearing 121.4 101.4 +19.7% +3.8% Custody and Settlement 243.1 219.2 +10.9% -4.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 100.1 85.5 +17.1% +3.3% NTI through CCP business (4.9) 35.4 -113.9% -42.2% Other income 1.5 3.5 -55.7% -92.9% Transitional revenues 3.4 6.2 -45.3% -81.9% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (633.4) (584.8) +8.3% +2.7% EBITDA 785.4 713.9 +10.0% -2.3% Depreciation & Amortisation (160.2) (134.6) +19.0% -1.6% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (793.6) (719.4) +10.3% +2.3% Adjusted operating profit 792.8 709.6 +11.7% -2.3% Operating Profit 625.3 579.3 +7.9% Net financing income / (expense) (29.7) (31.7) -6.4% Results from equity investments 18.7 33.2 -43.7% Profit before income tax 614.2 580.7 +5.8% Income tax expense (163.6) (158.6) +3.1% Share of non-controlling interests (12.8) (8.7) +46.5% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.10 4.29 -4.6% Share count differs between the two periods 2022 revenue and income In 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €1 418.8 million  up +9.3% reported compared to 2021  resulting from the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong performance of non-volume related activities  partially offset by the Q3 2022 €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35.0 million post-tax) related to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9 and a softer volume environment for cash equity trading. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was up +13.0% in 2022  to €1 467.8 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was stable (-0.2%) in 2022  at €1 204.4 million  compared to 2021. Pro forma the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition on 29 April 2021  underlying revenue and income were stable in 2022 compared to 2021  resulting from strong non-volume related activities  notably listing and advanced data services  very good performances for FX and power trading and a solid performance of derivatives trading. Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2022  stable vs. 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities  good performance of non-equity related trading activities and the challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related underlying revenue ratio was at 141% in 2022  almost stable vs. 2021 (142%). 2022 adjusted EBITDA Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €606.1 million  up +14.9%  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group costs and continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Underlying expenses excluding D&A (€606.1 million) were better than 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs excluding D&A (€622 million initially) thanks to strong cost discipline  project costs being capitalised and one-off positive impacts  including release of accruals and lower-than-anticipated travel and marketing expenses due to the Covid-19 pandemic. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly by +2.7% compared to 2021  which was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing expenses during the pandemic  highlighting Euronext’s ability to contain inflation in 2022. On a pro forma basis for the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021  underlying operational expenses increased slightly by +2.0%  mainly due to the return of travel and marketing expenses in 2022. Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €861.6 million and saw double digit growth  +11.7% compared to 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.7%  down -0.7 points compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was down -2.3%  to €699.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.1%  down -1.2 points compared to the same perimeter in 2021. 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholders Depreciation and amortisation accounted for €160.2 million in 2022  up +19.0%  mostly due to the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €83.3 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation. Adjusted operating profit was €792.8 million  a strong +11.7% increase compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -2.3% compared to 2021  at €643.6 million. €118.6 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses. Net financing expense for 2022 was €29.7 million compared to a net financing expense of €31.7 million in 2021. This decrease mainly results from the elimination of costs in relation to the bridge financing of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021  partially offset by the cost of bonds issued to finance the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million in 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in 2021  Euronext reported €33.2 million in results from equity investments  reflecting two dividends received from Sicovam and two dividends received from Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA. Income tax for 2022 was €163.6 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2022 (2021: €158.6 million and 27.3% respectively). Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €12.8 million in 2022. As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +5.9% for 2022 compared to 2021  to €437.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the portfolio reallocation10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022  compared to €4.30 basic and €4.29 diluted in 2021. This decrease reflects a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.7% to €555.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -4.8% in 2022  at €5.21 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.47 per share in 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021. The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021. In 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €616.5 million  compared to €543.7 million in 2021  resulting from higher profit before tax and higher depreciation and amortisation. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 83.9% of EBITDA in 2022. Fourth quarter 202211 In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 347.0 370.1 -6.2% -6.1% Listing 53.5 51.9 +3.1% +3.8% Trading revenue  of which 116.3 132.3 -12.1% -12.4% Cash trading 65.1 79.3 -17.9% -17.9% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.2 -5.4% -5.3% Fixed income trading 22.1 24.2 -8.5% -8.5% FX trading 6.7 6.1 +9.5% -2.2% Power trading 8.9 8.5 +4.7% +9.0% Investor Services 2.6 2.3 +13.2% +13.2% Advanced Data Services 54.5 50.7 +7.3% +7.7% Post-Trade  of which 88.6 90.9 -2.5% -2.4% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% -3.9% Custody and Settlement 59.6 60.7 -1.9% -1.6% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.9 26.4 +1.8% +2.2% NTI through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% -66.8% Other income 0.3 0.6 -53.2% -53.5% Transitional revenues 0.1 2.0 -93.1% -93.1% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (159.2) (156.6) +1.6% +2.1% Adjusted EBITDA 187.9 213.4 -12.0% -12.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 54.1% 57.7% -3.5pts -3.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (170.2) (170.6) -0.2% +2.1% EBITDA 176.9 199.5 -11.4% -12.1% Depreciation & Amortisation (42.6) (48.9) -12.8% +0.8% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (212.8) (219.4) -3.0% +1.9% Adjusted operating profit 168.4 194.1 -13.3% -13.4% Operating Profit 134.2 150.6 -10.9% Net financing income / (expense) (6.0) (6.7) -9.3% Results from equity investments 12.6 7.3 +71.7% Profit before income tax 140.8 151.3 -7.0% Income tax expense (38.5) (35.7) +7.7% Share of non-controlling interests (3.0) (2.9) +3.8% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 99.3 112.7 -11.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders12 118.2 144.6 -18.2% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.11 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.10 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Q4 2022 revenue and income In Q4 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €347.0 million  down -6.2% compared to Q4 2021  primarily due to the solid performance of advanced data services and listing activities  offset by lower cash and fixed income trading and post-trade revenue  including net treasury income. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -6.1% in Q4 2022  to €346.5 million  compared to Q4 2021. Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2022  compared to 58% in Q4 2021  reflecting higher advanced data services and services revenue. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 130% in Q4 2022  compared to 136% in Q4 2021. Q4 2022 adjusted EBITDA Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €159.2 million  slightly up +1.6%  reflecting strong cost discipline in an inflationary environment and higher capitalised project costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation slightly increased by +2.1% compared to Q4 2021. Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €187.9 million  down -12.0% compared to Q4 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%  down -3.5 points compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2022 was down -12.1%  to €187.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 54.2%  down -3.7pts points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2021. Q4 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholders Depreciation and amortisation accounted for €42.6 million in Q4 2022  -12.8% less than in Q4 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.8 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation. Adjusted operating profit was €168.4 million  a -13.3% decrease compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -13.4% compared to Q4 2021  at €168.2 million. €34.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses. Net financing expense for Q4 2022 was €6.0 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.7 million in Q4 2021. This decrease results from higher interest income due to increased interest rates partially offset by the higher cost of issued bonds and a negative revaluation of foreign currency balances. Results from equity investments amounted to €12.6 million in Q4 2022  representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in Q4 2021  Euronext reported €7.3 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA. Income tax for Q4 2022 was €38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter (Q4 2021: €35.7 million and 23.6% respectively). Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €3.0 million in Q4 2022. As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -11.9% for Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021  to €99.3 million. This represents a reported EPS of €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022  compared to €1.05 basic and €1.05 diluted in Q4 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -18.2% to €118.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -18.0% in Q4 2022  at €1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.35 per share in Q4 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021. In Q4 2022  Euronext reported a negative net cash flow from operating activities of €147.1 million  compared to a positive €145.6 million in Q4 2021  reflecting higher negative changes in working capital reflecting notably short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 51.9% of EBITDA in Q4 2022. Business highlights Listing in €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Listing revenue 53.5 51.9 +3.1% 218.4 189.7 +15.1% Equity 27.0 23.9 +12.6% 108.5 86.9 +24.9% Annual fees 16.7 15.1 +10.5% 68.4 52.9 +29.5% Follow-ons 6.3 5.6 +12.8% 20.8 18.2 +13.9% IPOs 4.0 3.2 +22.3% 19.3 15.8 +22.4% Debts 9.0 10.5 -14.4% 36.6 38.5 -4.9% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.8 5.7 +1.8% 22.7 18.9 +20.2% Corporate Services 9.6 8.6 +11.4% 39.5 37.1 +6.5% ELITE and Other 2.2 3.1 -30.3% 11.1 8.3 +33.0% Money raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1% Fourth quarter 2022 Listing revenue was €53.5 million in Q4 2022  an increase of +3.1% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time13. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.8% compared to Q4 2021. Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 24 new listings in Q4 2022. This compares to 57 new listings in the fourth quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Nine of the new listings in Q4 2022 were from international companies  confirming Euronext as the listing venue of choice outside of its core markets. In Q4 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €310 million raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q4 2021 with €6.6 billion raised on Euronext primary markets. Euronext’s secondary markets reported a strong quarter with €10.1 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q4 2022  compared to €8.3 billion in Q4 2021. Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 80 new listings. Euronext’s bond franchise remained resilient despite a challenging economic environment. In Q4 2022  €226.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €389.4 billion raised in Q4 2021. In total  €237.3 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q4 2022  compared to €404.2 billion in Q4 2021. Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.6 million in Q4 2022  up +11.4% compared to Q4 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context and partially offset by a negative one-off adjustment. Full year 2022 Listing revenue was €218.4 million in 2022  an increase of +15.1% compared to 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time14. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.6% compared to 2021. Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 83 new listings in 2022  outperforming all European listing venues. This compares to 212 in 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Five of the top ten largest IPOs in Europe15 in 2022 took place on Euronext  and 20 listings from international companies16  demonstrating Euronext’s attractiveness for companies in its core markets in Europe and beyond. In 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €3.8 billion raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a record 2021 with €26.0 billion raised on Euronext primary markets. Euronext’s secondary markets reported €28.5 billion raised in secondary equity issues in 2022  compared to €83.0 billion in 2021. Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 478 new listings. Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in 202217  growing the number of bonds listed to more than 53 000 across all Euronext markets  despite persisting negative debt market conditions globally due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In 2022  €961.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €1.5 trillion raised in 2021. In total  €994.1 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in 2022  which represents the second best year for equity and debt listing in Euronext’s history after the €1.6 trillion raised in 2021. Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong year in terms of revenue at €39.5 million in 2022  up +6.5% compared to 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context. Trading in €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Trading revenue 116.3 132.3 -12.1% 514.1 465.3 +10.5% Cash trading revenue 65.1 79.3 -17.9% 301.7 293.7 +2.7% ADV Cash market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Derivatives trading revenue 13.4 14.2 -5.4% 58.4 52.5 +11.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 622 975 718 023 -13.2% 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Fixed income trading revenue 22.1 24.2 -8.5% 93.0 65.8 +41.3% ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% 353 700 282 655 +25.1% ADV other fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2% 909 895 +1.6% Spot FX trading revenue 6.7 6.1 +9.5% 28.4 23.5 +21.0% ADV spot FX Market (in USDm) 20 160 19 381 +4.0% 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power trading revenue 8.9 8.5 +4.7% 32.7 29.9 +9.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.98 2.76 +7.9% 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.13 0.08 +69.6% 0.10 0.07 +49.8% Trading revenue on a reported basis. Volumes including Italy on a pro forma basis for 2021 until the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021. Fourth quarter 2022 Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -17.9% to €65.1 million in Q4 2022  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by an uptick in market share from October 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €10.1 billion  a volume decrease of-17.2% compared to Q4 2021 resulting from a softer trading environment and partially offset by efficient revenue capture management. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana markets and larger average order size. During the fourth quarter 2022  Euronext continued to enhance its fee schemes. The latter translated into an uptick in market share from October 2022. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in Q4 2022. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates18. On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on its cash equity trading business. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -17.9% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue decreased by -5.4% to €13.4 million in Q4 2022 as the volume mix positively impacted revenue capture and partially offset softer volumes in equity futures and options trading. During the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial derivatives was 550 517 lots  down -12.7% from Q4 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis with the higher volatility in Q4 2021. Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 72 457 lots in Q4 2022  down -17.2% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting a normalised trading environment . Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2022  reflecting improved revenue capture across the offering. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -5.3% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €22.1 million in Q4 2022  compared to €24.2 million in Q4 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the fourth quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €12.8 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.6 million of revenue. The fourth quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +36.0% compared to Q4 2021 to €397.0 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -32.7% to €15.4 billion  compared to €22.9 billion in Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.5% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €6.7 million in Q4 2022  up +9.5% from Q4 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue continued to benefit from geographic expansion and product diversification  despite softening volatility compared to the start of 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD 20.2 billion were recorded  up +4.0% compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -2.2% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. Power tradingPower trading reported €8.9 million in revenue in Q4 2022  representing a strong growth of +4.7% compared to Q4 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. In Q4 2022  record intraday power trading volumes were reported in Central and Western Europe. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.98TWh  up +7.9% compared to Q4 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.13 TWh  up +69.6% compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +9.0% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022 Cash tradingCash trading revenue increased by +2.7% to € 301.7 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong volumes during the first semester of 2022  partially offset by lower volumes in the second half of 2022. Over 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €11.7 billion  stable compared to a record year 2021 at €11.8 billion. Euronext continued to be the provider of the best market quality  with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates19. Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash trading averaged 66.6%  with a clear uptick in market share since October 2022  thanks to intense commercial activity and enhanced fee schemes. Over 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of the Borsa Italiana fee grid before the migration to the Optiq® trading platform and higher transaction orders sizes on a reported basis. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -4.4% in 2022 compared to 2021. Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +11.3% to €58.4 million in 2022  as a result of strong traction on the index derivatives franchise and improved product mix enhancing revenue capture. During 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 616 092 lots  down -5.3% from 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis in a volatile 2021  including lower activity from equity finance clients. Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 79 318 lots in 2022  down -3.5% compared to 2021  reflecting a decrease in commodity futures trading compared to all-time high levels in 2021  partly offset by record activity on commodity options. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot in 2022  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +2.6% in 2022 compared to 2021. Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €93.0 million in 2022  compared to €65.8 million in 2021  reflecting the consolidation of MTS  whose volumes reflected the change in macro-economic conditions in Europe with rising inflation  interest rates and uncertainties which favoured money markets. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In 2022  MTS Cash reported €59.5 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €21.6 million of revenue. 2022 recorded strong growth in Repo trading  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +25.1% compared to 2021 to €353.7 billion. This compensated for lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -21.2% to €18.9 billion  compared to €24.0 billion in 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.9% in 2022 compared to 2021. FX tradingFX trading reported all-time record revenues at €28.4 million in 2022  up +21.0% from 2021. Euronext FX trading benefited from the positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification. Over 2022  average daily volumes of USD 22.5 billion were recorded  up +17.1% compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +7.9% in 2022 compared to 2021. Power tradingPower trading reported €32.7 million in revenue in 2022  representing a strong growth of +9.4% compared to 2021  driven by record volumes  totalling over 1 000TWh  and continued successful geographic expansion in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland. Over 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.75TWh  up +11.4% compared to 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +49.8% compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +8.9% compared to 2021. Investor Services Fourth quarter 2022Investor Services reported €2.6 million revenue in Q4 2022  representing a +13.2% increase compared to Q4 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.2% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Investor Services reported €9.6 million revenue in 2022  representing a +7.9% increase compared to 2021  resulting from successful growth of the client base and successful key product launches. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +10.8% compared to 2021. Advanced Data Services Fourth quarter 2022Advanced Data Services reached record revenue of €54.5 million in Q4 2022  up +7.3% from Q4 2021  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products  and a resilient quarter for the indices franchise. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +7.7% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Advanced Data Services recorded revenue grew to €212.1 million in 2022  up +15.5% from 2021  driven by the consolidation of Borsa Italiana’s data businesses  as well as a strong performance of the core data and advanced data solutions businesses. The Euronext’s indices franchise posted a resilient performance in 2022  despite lower structured products activity following two years of intense volatility. Euronext continued to expand its ESG Indices franchise in 2022 including with the successful launch of ESG versions of its national flagship indices  the AEX® ESG in the Netherlands and the OBX® ESG in Norway  reinforcing the existing offering that already included the CAC 40® ESG in France and the MIB® ESG in Italy. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.4% compared to 2021. Post Trade in €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 88.6 90.9 -2.5% 364.5 320.6 +13.7% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% 121.4 101.4 +19.7% Revenue from LCH SA 18.1 18.5 -2.4% 75.8 71.5 +6.1% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.9 11.6 -6.3% 45.6 29.9 +52.5% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 59.6 60.7 -1.9% 243.1 219.2 +10.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% (4.9)1 35.4 -113.9% Clearing Fourth quarter 2022 Clearing revenue was down -3.9% to €29.0 million in Q4 2022  as a result of weaker cash equity and derivatives clearing activity  partly offset by stronger bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €8.9 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022). Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for bond clearing  and a decrease in equity and derivatives clearing in line with trading volumes. In Q4 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.4 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.8 million from bonds clearing. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was down -3.9% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Clearing revenue grew by +19.7% to €121.4 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and a volatile volume environment throughout the year. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €39.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022. Euronext Clearing activities reflected the general market dynamic over 2022  with a gradual decline in equity and derivatives clearing volumes offset by a steady increase in bond clearing volumes. In 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €6.5 million from derivatives clearing  €16.7 million from equities clearing  and €9.8 million from bonds clearing. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +3.8% compared to 2021. Net treasury income Fourth quarter 2022 As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio20. It disposed the portfolio maturing after 1 May 2023 while retaining its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023  which it will hold to maturity. As a consequence  net treasury income amounted to €4.3 million in Q4 2022. Full year 2022The partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million  reported in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss  net treasury income totalled €44.0 million in 2022  impacted by a high level of collateral held due to high levels of volatility. Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities Fourth quarter 2022 Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €59.6 million in Q4 2022  down -1.9% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting Euronext Securities resilient topline thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilised settlement environment. The fourth quarter of 2022 also showed a recovery in the value of assets under custody. 26 265 921 settlement instructions were processed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -1.6% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €243.1 million in 2022  up +10.9% compared to 2021  driven by the consolidation of Euronext Securities Milan  a positively geared geographical mix and stable assets under custody  which offset lower settlement activity. 120 550 357 settlement instructions were processed in 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion at the end of December 2022. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -4.8% compared to 2021. Euronext Technologies and Other revenue Fourth quarter 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.9 million in Q4 2022  up +1.8% from Q4 2021  reflecting good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext’s Core Data Centre more than offsetting lower revenue from hosting services. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +2.2% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €100.1 million in 2022  up +17.1% from 2021  resulting from the consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group technology activities  including Gatelab and X2M and additional revenue generated through colocation activity following the Euronext’s Core Data Centre migration. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.3%. compared to 2021. Q4 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2022 results on 3 November 2022 Completion of the acquisition of the technology business from Nexi’s capital markets activities On 1 December 2022  Euronext announced the completion of the purchase of the technology business powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan  from Nexi. This Transaction enables Euronext to fully internalise the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan. Following this Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and services under commercial agreements. Disposal of MTS Markets International Inc.  US subsidiary of MTS S.p.A. On 15 December 2022  MTS S.p.A.  the leading European bond trading platform majority-owned by Euronext  announced that it has completed the sale of its US subsidiary MTS Markets International Inc. (“MMI”) to Tradition America Holdings Inc.  a subsidiary of Compagnie Financière Tradition SA. The sale of MMI was implemented as a result of the conclusion of a strategic review initiated following the integration of Borsa Italiana and the decision to divest non-core assets. Corporate highlights since 1 January 2023 Expansion of Euronext Clearing to derivatives markets On 16 January 2023  Euronext announced that the European expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext derivatives markets is planned for Q3 2024. Euronext expects to migrate the listed financial derivatives and commodities markets of Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext Brussels  Euronext Lisbon  Oslo Børs and Euronext Paris from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing by Q3 202421. As a reminder  Euronext Clearing already clears Euronext Milan listed derivatives. As Euronext Clearing undertakes derivatives clearing services in Europe  Euronext has decided to terminate the existing derivatives clearing agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA  under the terms of the Agreement. Therefore  on 16 January 2023  Euronext served LCH SA notice of termination for the purposes of the Agreement. As set up in the Agreement  Euronext will pay a termination fee of approximately €36.0 million to LCH SA  provisioned in its income statement as non-underlying expenses in Q1 2023  and payable in 2024. As previously stated  this amount is included in the €150 million of implementation costs related to the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and already announced in November 2021. Following the notification of the early termination of the Agreement  LCH Group has the option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Further communication related to the stake owned by Euronext in LCH SA will be made when appropriate. Euronext and LCH SA are committed to working together to ensure an orderly migration of clearing flows from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing. The termination of the Agreement does not impact the existing clearing agreement signed between MTS S.p.A and LCH SA nor the existing agreement related to the interoperability link on Italian Government Bonds between Euronext Clearing and LCH SA. ESG innovation across the Group Euronext’s upgraded greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi): By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. On 12 January 2023  Euronext announced the launch of the CAC SBT 1.5°  an index investing solely in companies within the SBF 120 Index that have emissions reduction targets approved to be aigned with the 1.5° goal of the Paris agreement. Euronext entered the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  indices highlighting European companies that have demonstrated a strong role in improving gender equality. The gender equality score provider for these indices  Equileap  assesses each company’s commitment to gender equality from its boardroom to its supply chain  and is inspired by the UN Women’s Empowerment principles. The index methodology also applies activity-based exclusions  UNGC compliance and controversial activities exclusion.Euronext volumes January 2023 In January 2023  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 794 million  down -29.6% compared to the same period last year. The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 625 398 contracts (-23.3% compared to January 2022) and the open interest was 21 803 069 contracts at the end of January 2022 (-14.6% compared to the end of January 2022). The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $19 646 million in January 2023  down -12.1% compared to the same period last year. MTS Cash average daily volumes were down -11.7% to € 19 309 million in January 2023  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €387 930 million  up +4.9% compared to the same period last year. Euronext Clearing cleared 5 822 840 shares in January 2023  -27.4% compared to January 2022. €2 311 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +22.1% compared to the same period in 2022. 1 121 094 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +154.9% compared to January 2022. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -7.8% compared to January 2022  at 2 469 525 contracts (single counted). Euronext Securities reported 11 125 961 settlement instructions in January 2023  -13.8% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.3 trillion in January 2023  down -2.4% compared to January 2022. Upgrade of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ synergies target Euronext upgrades its targeted 2024 annual run-rate pre-tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by €15 millon and now expects to deliver €115 million of cumulated annual run-rate pre tax synergies by the end of 2024. This compares to the €100 million already upgraded cumulated annual run-rate pre-tax synergies target announced in November 2021 and the initial target of €60 million set in October 2020. The €150 million of expected non-reccuring implementation costs remain unchanged. Agenda A conference call and webcast will be held on 10 February 2023  at 09:00am CET (Paris time) / 08:00am GMT (London time): Conference call: To connect to the conference call  please dial: UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612 Password: Euronext Live webcast: For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcast The webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com About Euronext Euronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ). Disclaimer This press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use. © 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved. The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com. Appendix Adjustments in financial disclosure To highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs. Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items. The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs. The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted. 2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting. The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below. Non-IFRS financial measures For comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including: Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin. Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows: Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income; Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact. Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements. Non-volume related revenue definition Non-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue. Adjusted EPS definition Q4 2022 Q4 2021 FY 2022 FY 2021 Net income reported 99.3 112.7 437.8 413.3 EPS reported 0.93 1.05 4.10 4.30 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) (0.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (11.0) (13.9) (27.2) (57.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (23.1) (29.6) (91.4) (73.2) of which Net financing expense 3.1 0.0 2.3 (7.2) of which results from equity investments (0.0) 0.0 (1.5) (4.3) of which Minority interest 3.9 0.2 4.6 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.2 11.4 44.7 28.8 Adjusted net income 118.2 144.6 555.3 438.1 Adjusted EPS 1.11 1.35 5.21 5.47 The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statement The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2022 Q4 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 370.1 - 370.1 Listing 53.5 - 53.5 51.9 - 51.9 Trading revenue  of which 116.3 - 116.3 132.3 - 132.3 Cash trading 65.1 - 65.1 79.3 - 79.3 Derivatives trading 13.4 - 13.4 14.2 - 14.2 Fixed income trading 22.1 - 22.1 24.2 - 24.2 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.1 - 6.1 Power trading 8.9 - 8.9 8.5 - 8.5 Investor services 2.6 - 2.6 2.3 - 2.3 Advanced data services 54.5 - 54.5 50.7 - 50.7 Post-Trade  of which 88.6 - 88.6 90.9 - 90.9 Clearing 29.0 - 29.0 30.1 - 30.1 Custody & Settlement and other 59.6 - 59.6 60.7 - 60.7 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.9 - 26.9 26.4 - 26.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 4.3 - 4.3 12.9 - 12.9 Other income 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 0.6 - 0.6 Transitional revenues 0.1 - 0.1 2.0 - 2.0 Operating expenses excluding D&A (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) (156.6) (13.9) (170.6) Salaries and employee benefits (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) (77.7) (7.9) (85.6) Other operational expenses  of which (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) (78.9) (6.1) (85.0) System & communication (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) (27.0) 0.3 (26.7) Professional services (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) (21.3) (4.7) (26.0) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.7) - (8.7) Accommodation (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) (19.4) (1.6) (21.0) EBITDA 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 213.4 (13.9) 199.5 EBITDA margin 54.1% 51.0% 57.7% 53.9% Depreciation & amortisation (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) (19.3) (29.6) (48.9) Total expenses (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) (175.9) (43.5) (219.4) Operating profit 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 194.1 (43.5) 150.6 Net financing income / (expense) (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) (6.7) - (6.7) Results from equity investment 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 7.3 - 7.3 Profit before income tax 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 194.8 (43.5) 151.3 Income tax expense (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) (47.1) 11.4 (35.7) Non-controlling interests (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) (3.2) 0.2 (2.9) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 144.6 (31.9) 112.7 EPS (basic  in €) 1.11 0.93 1.35 1.05 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.10 0.93 1.35 1.05FY 2022 FY 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 1 298.7 (0.0) 1 298.7 Listing 218.4 - 218.4 189.7 - 189.7 Trading revenue  of which 514.1 - 514.1 465.3 - 465.3 Cash trading 301.7 - 301.7 293.7 - 293.7 Derivatives trading 58.4 - 58.4 52.5 - 52.5 Fixed income trading 93.0 - 93.0 65.8 - 65.8 FX trading 28.4 - 28.4 23.5 - 23.5 Power trading 32.7 - 32.7 29.9 - 29.9 Investor services 9.6 - 9.6 8.9 - 8.9 Advanced data services 212.1 - 212.1 183.6 - 183.6 Post-Trade  of which 364.5 - 364.5 320.6 - 320.6 Clearing 121.4 - 121.4 101.4 - 101.4 Custody & Settlement and other 243.1 - 243.1 219.2 - 219.2 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 100.1 0.0 100.1 85.5 (0.0) 85.5 Net Financing Income through CCP business 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) 35.4 - 35.4 Other income 1.5 0.0 1.5 3.5 - 3.5 Transitional revenues 3.4 0.0 3.4 6.2 - 6.2 Operating expenses excluding D&A (606.1)(27.2) (633.4) (527.6)(57.2) (584.8) Salaries and employee benefits (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) (275.8) (11.3) (287.1) Other operational expenses  of which (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) (251.8) (45.9) (297.7) System & communication (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) (86.2) (0.1) (86.3) Professional services (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) (67.2) (21.9) (89.1) Clearing expense (35.6) - (35.6) (33.6) - (33.6) Accommodation (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) (9.3) (0.0) (9.3) Other operational expenses (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) (55.5) (23.8) (79.3) EBITDA 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 771.0 (57.2) 713.9 EBITDA margin 58.7% 55.4% 59.4% 55.0% Depreciation & amortisation (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) (61.4) (73.2) (134.6) Total expenses (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) (589.0) (130.3) (719.4) Operating profit 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 709.6 (130.3) 579.3 Net financing income / (expense) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) (24.5) (7.2) (31.7) Results from equity investment 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 37.4 (4.3) 33.2 Profit before income tax 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 722.6 (141.9) 580.7 Income tax expense (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) (187.4) 28.8 (158.6) Non-controlling interests (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) (9.6) 0.9 (8.7) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 525.5 (112.2) 413.3 EPS (basic  in €) 5.21 4.10 5.47 4.30 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.19 4.10 5.46 4.29 Consolidated comprehensive income statement Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit for the period 102.3 115.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (3.1) 12.5 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.8 (1.5) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 21.4 (5.5) – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (6.1) 1.9 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.2 (0.2) – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.8) (0.6) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 1.0 (0.5) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.0) 0.1 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 20.4 6.2 Total comprehensive income for the period 122.7 121.8 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 119.8 118.5 – Non-controlling interests 2.9 3.3 The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2022 FY 2021 Profit for the period 450.6 422.1 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (29.4) 51.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.8 (6.1) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (40.3) (7.7) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.4) 2.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 42.1 3.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (8.5) (1.2) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 11.9 2.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.3) (0.2) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 23.7 44.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 474.4 466.5 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 462.0 456.5 – Non-controlling interests 12.4 10.0 Consolidated balance sheet in € million 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 109.4 97.6 Right-of-use assets 42.3 66.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 205.8 6 215.8Deferred income tax assets 18.9 37.5 Investments in associates and joint ventures 72.0 69.2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 278.2 258.1 Other non-current assets 3.7 4.2 Total non-current assets 6 730.3 6 748.6 Current assets Trade and other receivables 345.7 416.6 Income tax receivable 54.9 10.0 Derivative financial instruments (0.0) 11.9 CCP clearing business assets 166 842.5 137 750.9 Other current financial assets 162.7 157.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 001.1 804.4 Total current assets 168 407.0 139 151.3 Assets from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 6.4 Total assets 175 137.3 145 906.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 914.0 3 647.6 Non-controlling interests 126.3 85.3 Total Equity 4 040.3 3 770.7 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 027.2 3 044.4 Lease liabilities 21.6 50.7 Deferred income tax liabilities 552.6 592.4 Post-employment benefits 19.6 32.1 Contract liabilities 63.8 70.3 Other provisions 7.0 8.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 691.8 3 798.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.4 17.4 Lease liabilities 28.5 21.0 CCP clearing business liabilities 166 858.7 137 732.4 Income tax payable 28.5 42.1 Trade and other payables 396.3 439.9 Contract liabilities 75.2 80.5 Other provisions 0.7 2.3 Total Current liabilities 167 405.2 138 335.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 1.3 Total equity and liabilities 175 137.3 145 906.3 The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedConsolidated statement of cash flows in € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit before tax 140.8 151.3 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 42.6 48.9 - Share based payments 4.2 3.0 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (2.8) (3.3) - Changes in working capital (254.9) 29.4 Cash flow from operating activities (70.1) 229.2 Income tax paid (77.0) (83.6) Net cash flows from operating activities (147.1) 145.6 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (54.3) - Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 7.8 - Purchase of current financial assets 1.8 (0.5) Redemption of current financial assets 0.6 7.5 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (10.8) (15.0) Purchase of intangible assets (20.0) (14.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.0 (0.0) Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 4.0 Dividends received from associates 0.0 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities (65.7) (18.0) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (80.0) Interest paid (0.3) (0.5) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments 0.0 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2.3 Payment of lease liabilities (4.5) (7.8) Acquisitions of own shares 1.0 (31.4) Employee Share transactions (0.1) (1.3) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.4) (5.6) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (124.4) Total cash flow over the period (222.1) 3.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 215.0 802.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents 8.2 3.6 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4 Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheet. Higher negative changes in working capital notably reflect short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers and suppliers invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated in € million FY 2022 FY 2021 Profit before tax 614.2 580.7 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 160.2 134.6 - Share based payments 14.0 10.4 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (8.8) (7.4) - Changes in working capital 57.5 41.1 Cash flow from operating activities 837.1 759.3 Income tax paid (220.6) (215.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 616.5 543.7 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (66.0) (4 196.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 8.7 5.9 Purchase of current financial assets (30.6) (40.4) Redemption of current financial assets 42.9 50.2 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (31.9) (33.4) Purchase of intangible assets (67.7) (34.2) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 25.7 Dividends received from associates 6.7 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (128.5) (4 215.5) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - 5 471.7 Repayment of borrowings  net of transaction fees - (3 762.9) Interest paid (29.6) (16.1) Interest received 5.9 5.0 Settlement of derivatives financial instruments (8.9) - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2 375.2 Payment of lease liabilities (23.4) (23.8) Acquisitions of own shares (0.0) (31.8) Employee Share transactions (3.6) (5.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (206.0) (157.2) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (10.9) (16.0) Net cash flow from financing activities (276.5) 3 839.1 Total cash flow over the period 211.5 167.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 809.4 629.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (19.9) 12.7 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4 Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheet The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022 Cash markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 %var Number of trading days 64 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 178 721 696 224 642 330 -20.4% ADV Cash Market 2 792 527 3 403 672 -18.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 645 454 803 596 -19.7% ADV Cash Market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 24 57 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 310.2 6 581 -95.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 052 8 268 +21.6% Money Raised - Bonds 226 900 389 375 -41.7% Total Money Raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 23 52 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 306 2 493 -87.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 3 906 3 263 +19.7% Money Raised - Bonds 240 1 650 -85.5% Total Money Raised 4 451 7 405 -39.9%YTD 2022 YTD 2021 %var Number of trading days 257 258 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 866 303 290 896 622 952 -3.4% ADV Cash Market 3 370 830 3 475 283 -3.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 3 006 082 3 046 361 -1.3% ADV Cash Market 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 83 212 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 3 750.8 26 015 -85.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 28 481 82 972 -65.7% Money Raised - Bonds 961 858 1 497 633 -35.8% Total Money Raised 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 77 194 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 973 10 642 -72.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 9 405 15 786 -40.4% Money Raised - Bonds 2 336 4 324 -46.0% Total Money Raised 14 714 30 752 -52.2% Fixed income markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 353 700 282 655 +25.1% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 909 895 +1.6% FX markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 65 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 310 383 1 279 143 +2.4% ADV Euronext FX 20 160 19 381 +4.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 260 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 851 899 4 995 569 +17.1% ADV Euronext FX 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.98 2.76 +7.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.13 0.08 +69.6%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.07 +49.8% Derivatives markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 35 233 108 41 615 200 -15.3% Index 16 033 772 13 898 538 +15.4% Futures 9 885 622 9 263 481 +6.7% Options 6 148 150 4 635 057 +32.6% Individual Equity 19 199 336 27 716 662 -30.7% Futures 927 921 3 050 923 -69.6% Options 18 271 415 24 665 739 -25.9% Commodity 4 637 260 5 774 309 -19.7% Futures 4 216 545 4 922 988 -14.3% Options 420 715 851 321 -50.6% Total Euronext 39 870 368 47 389 509 -15.9% Total Futures 15 030 088 17 237 392 -12.8% Total Options 24 840 280 30 152 117 -17.6% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 550 517 630 533 -12.7% Index 250 528 210 584 +19.0% Futures 154 463 140 356 +10.1% Options 96 065 70 228 +36.8% Individual Equity 299 990 419 949 -28.6% Futures 14 499 46 226 -68.6% Options 285 491 373 723 -23.6% Commodity 72 457 87 490 -17.2% Futures 65 884 74 591 -11.7% Options 6 574 12 899 -49.0% Total Euronext 622 975 718 023 -13.2% Total Futures 234 845 261 173 -9.6% Total Options 388 129 456 850 -2.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 257 258 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 158 335 700 167 931 631 -5.7% Index 64 341 758 57 331 737 +12.2% Futures 43 007 940 38 377 265 +12.1% Options 21 333 818 18 954 472 +12.6% Individual Equity 93 993 942 110 599 894 -15.0% Futures 9 288 011 20 729 380 -55.2% Options 84 705 931 89 870 514 -5.7% Commodity 20 384 703 21 212 415 -3.9% Futures 17 825 764 18 768 517 -5.0% Options 2 558 939 2 443 898 +4.7% Total Euronext 178 720 403 189 144 046 -5.5% Total Futures 70 121 715 77 875 162 -10.0% Total Options 108 598 688 111 268 884 -2.4% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 616 092 650 898 -5.3% Index 250 357 222 216 +12.7% Futures 167 346 148 749 +12.5% Options 83 011 73 467 +13.0% Individual Equity 365 735 428 682 -14.7% Futures 36 140 80 346 -55.0% Options 329 595 348 335 -5.4% Commodity 79 318 82 219 -3.5% Futures 69 361 72 746 -4.7% Options 9 957 9 472 +5.1% Total Euronext 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Total Futures 272 847 301 842 -9.6% Total Options 422 563 431 275 -2.0% Derivatives open interest 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 17 957 749 21 689 103 -17.2% Index 1 074 463 1 202 953 -10.7% Futures 539 893 584 129 -7.6% Options 534 570 618 824 -13.6% Individual Equity 16 883 286 20 486 150 -17.6% Futures 225 815 1 149 835 -80.4% Options 16 657 471 19 336 315 -13.9% Commodity 865 620 1 096 536 -21.1% Futures 567 916 701 280 -19.0% Options 297 704 395 256 -24.7% Total Euronext 18 823 369 22 785 639 -17.4% Total Futures 1 333 624 2 435 244 -45.2% Total Options 17 489 745 20 350 395 -14.1%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 The variances on pro forma basis assume that the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group took place on 1 January 2021 and therefore include the Borsa Italiana Group financial performance for the entire comparative period. The Borsa Italiana Group financials were consolidated from 29 April 2021.3 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition and details of adjustments in Appendix.5 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.6 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data.7 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details. 11 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data12 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release13 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.14 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.15 In terms of money raised16 Companies from outside of Euronext core markets17 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised have been restated1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL 20 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details. 21 The migrations of listed financial derivatives and commodities markets are subject to the declaration of non-objection of the relevant regulators Attachment 20230209_Euronext_PR_Q422_VFAll news about EURONEXT N.V. 06:28a EuroGroup Laminations pares early gains in Milan stock market debut RE 12:31a S&P Raises Euronext Ratings on Strong Cash Generation; Outlook Stable MT 12:02a Euronext Forecasts Higher Underlying Costs in FY23 MT 02/09 Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+' by S&P GL 02/09 Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal RE 02/09 Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results GL 02/08 Euronext Logs 29% Decline in January Total Cash Market Transactions MT 02/08 Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 GL 02/08 Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 AQ 02/08 Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons RE Analyst Recommendations on EURONEXT N.V. 2022 EURONEXT : From Neutral to Buy by JP Morgan MD 2021 EURONEXT : UBS maintains a Buy rating MD 2021 EURONEXT : Deutsche Bank reiterates its Buy rating MD",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.21,0.44,True,English,"['full year 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'cash trading market share', 'diversified business model', 'tougher market conditions', 'cash trading volumes', 'multiple email addresses', 'volume related business', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'parent company shareholders', 'strong cash generation', 'real-time data businesses', 'continued cost disciplin', '83 new equity listings', 'strong inflationary pressure', 'Income tax rate', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'efficient cost control', 'Net financing expenses', 'underlying operating expenses', 'higher share count', 'Net treasury income', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'full year 2022 results', 'power trading', 'leading venue', 'Trading revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'operational expenses', 'underlying revenue', 'efficient management', 'strong performance', 'equity investments', 'Net debt', 'net income', 'Clearing revenue', 'Required fields', '2024 synergies target', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A', 'softer environment', 'second semester', 'settlement activity', 'product mix', 'pre-tax loss', 'debt listing', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Dividend proposal', 'Strong results', 'revenue capture', 'Post-trade revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Listing revenue', 'First name', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q4', 'commas', 'Message', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '9 February', 'FX', 'yield', 'uptick', 'October', 'Custody', 'consolidation', '29 April', 'Q3', 'disposal', 'resilience', 'Adjus', 'EPS', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'var', 'income1', '7', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18064,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LASSILA-TIKANOJA-OYJ-1412484/news/Lassila-Tikanoja-plc-Financial-Statements-Release-1-January-ndash-31-December-2022-42936632/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022,(marketscreener.com) Lassila & Tikanoja plc Stock exchange release 9 February 2023 at 8:00 a.m. Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022 A STRONG YEAR IN CIRCULAR ECONOMY BUSINESSES  HIGHER COSTS WEIGHED DOWN THE RESULT …,Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release9 February 2023 at 8:00 a.m.Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2022A STRONG YEAR IN CIRCULAR ECONOMY BUSINESSES  HIGHER COSTS WEIGHED DOWN THE RESULT OF FACILITY SERVICESUnless otherwise mentioned  the figures in brackets refer to the corresponding period in the previous year.Net sales for the final quarter were EUR 210.1 million (223.5). Net sales decreased by 6.0%. Net sales growth excluding the renewable energy sources business was 2.9%.Adjusted operating profit for the final quarter was EUR 9.6 million (10.1) and operating profit was EUR 12.9 million (9.9). The Group's operating profit was increased by a gain of EUR 4.3 million recognised on the sale of the share of renewable energy sources business to a newly established joint venture.L&T’s circular economy businesses  namely Environmental Services and Industrial Services  achieved a strong operating result in 2022. In Industrial Services  net sales increased by 25.6 per cent.In Facility Services in Finland and Sweden  the higher general cost level had a negative effect on profitability. Both divisions launched programmes during the review period to simplify and increase the efficiency of their operating models. These programmes will continue in 2023.Net sales for 2022 amounted to EUR 844.1 million (812.5). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 40.9 million (42.4) and operating profit was EUR 42.9 million (42.2). Earnings per share were EUR 0.83 (0.90).Net cash flow from operating activities after investments per share was EUR 1.08 (0.05).The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share.Outlook for the year 2023Net sales and adjusted operating profit in 2023 are estimated to be at the same level as in the previous year even though the comparison period includes net sales from the renewable energy sources business in the amount of EUR 35.4 million.PRESIDENT AND CEO EERO HAUTANIEMI:“The year 2022 was exceptional and the business environment changed significantly. The economic uncertainty caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine  the sharp rise in costs and interest rates and the significantly higher-than-usual level of sickness-related absences affected all of the company’s divisions.The development of net sales was positive in 2022  but adjusted operating profit declined slightly due to the weak result of Facility Services Finland and Sweden. Net cash flow from operating activities was strong  as was the company’s financial position.L&T’s circular economy businesses  namely Environmental Services and Industrial Services  achieved a good operative result in 2022.In Environmental Services  net sales growth excluding the renewable energy sources business came to 8.1 per cent. The number of corporate customers and producer responsibility organisation customers grew. The division’s environmental responsibility management and consulting capabilities and organisation were strengthened.In Industrial Services  net sales increased by 25.6 per cent  of which 6.6 per cent was organic growth. Industrial Services expanded its operations into the Swedish market and strengthened its market position in hazardous waste in Finland through an acquisition. In the environmental construction business  a number of demanding contaminated soil restoration projects were carried out for industrial customers.In Facility Services in Finland and Sweden  profitability was weighed down by the higher general cost level  worsening labour shortages  high employee turnover and sickness-related absences being significantly higher than average. The profit performance of Facility Services Sweden was weighed down not only by inflation but also the weaker-than-expected sales of additional services. Both divisions launched programmes during the review period to simplify and increase the efficiency of their operating models. These programmes will continue in 2023.L&T’s businesses are not particularly sensitive to economic cycles. Nevertheless  inflation and rising interest rates create uncertainty in the operating environment.In 2024  the Environmental Services division will focus particularly on corporate customers and producer responsibility organisations as the progress of municipalisation reduces the significance of households as customers.The Industrial Services division will continue to invest in the development of new hazardous waste recycling solutions and process cleaning methods in both Finland and Sweden.Facility Services Finland and Sweden will continue to focus on improving operational efficiency and profitability. Particularly in Finland  unprofitable customer agreements will be terminated and the scope of operations will be reassessed. In Sweden  the focus will be on simplifying the operating model.”GROUP NET SALES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCEOctober–DecemberLassila & Tikanoja’s net sales for the fourth quarter amounted to EUR 210.1 million (223.5)  a decrease of 6.0% year-on-year. Net sales growth excluding the effect of the renewable energy sources business was 2.9% and organic growth was 0.4%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 9.6 million (10.1)  representing 4.6% (4.5%) of net sales. Operating profit was EUR 12.9 million (9.9)  representing 6.2% (4.4%) of net sales. Earnings per share were EUR 0.29 (0.26).Net sales increased in Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland. Net sales decreased in Environmental Services and Facility Services Sweden. Operating profit improved in Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland  and declined in Environmental Services and Facility Services Sweden.The Group’s adjusted operating profit was still negatively affected by the higher general cost level. Net financial expenses rose to EUR -1.6 million (-0.8). The Group's operating profit was increased by a gain of EUR 4.3 million recognised on the sale of the share of renewable energy sources business to a newly established joint venture.Year 2022Net sales for 2022 totalled EUR 844.1 million (812.5)  an increase of 3.9% year-on-year. Net sales growth excluding the effect of the renewable energy sources business was 7.0%. Organic growth was 3.7%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 40.9 million (42.4)  representing 4.8% (5.2%) of net sales. Operating profit was EUR 42.9 million (42.2)  representing 5.1% (5.2%) of net sales. Earnings per share were EUR 0.83 (0.90).Net sales increased in Environmental Services  Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland. Net sales decreased in Facility Services Sweden. Operating profit improved in Environmental Services and Industrial Services  and declined in Facility Services in Finland and Sweden.The Group’s adjusted operating profit was negatively affected by increased fuel prices and the higher general cost level. The sickness rate was exceptionally high during the review period  which had a negative impact particularly on the labour-intensive facility services business. The Group's operating profit was increased by a gain of EUR 4.3 million recognised on the sale of the share of renewable energy sources business to a newly established joint venture.Net financial expenses rose to EUR -5.8 million (-3.3) and the effective tax rate increased to 16.7 per cent (11.8 per cent).Financial summary10–12/2022 10–12/2021 Change % 1–12/2022 1–12/2021 Change % Net sales  EUR million 210.1 223.5 -6.0 844.1 812.5 3.9 Adjusted operating profit  EUR million 9.6 10.1 -5.1 40.9 42.4 -3.5 Adjusted operating margin  % 4.6 4.5 4.8 5.2 Operating profit  EUR million 12.9 9.9 30.2 42.9 42.2 1.7 Operating margin  % 6.2 4.4 5.1 5.2 EBITDA  EUR million 26.5 23.2 14.2 98.3 95.1 3.3 EBITDA  % 12.6 10.4 11.6 11.7 Profit before tax  EUR million 12.2 9.1 33.8 37.8 39.0 -3.0 Earnings per share  EUR 0.29 0.26 11.1 0.83 0.90 -8.3 Net cash flow from operating activitiesafter investments per share  EUR 1.05 0.55 92.8 1.08 0.05 2 279.1 Return on equity (ROE)  % 14.6 17.1 Capital employed  EUR million 437.2 406.0 7.7 Return on capital employed (ROCE)  % 10.4 10.8 Equity ratio  % 34.3 34.2 Gearing  % 75.9 79.4NET SALES AND OPERATING PROFIT BY DIVISIONEnvironmental ServicesOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the fourth quarter decreased to EUR 71.1 million (89.9). Operating profit declined to EUR 6.2 million (7.1). Excluding the renewable energy sources business  the net sales of the Environmental Services division amounted to EUR 71.1 million (71.2) and operating profit was EUR 6.2 million (6.6).Year 2022The full-year net sales of the Environmental Services division grew to EUR 321.2 million (320.5). Operating profit was EUR 30.3 million (29.8). Excluding the renewable energy sources business  the net sales of the Environmental Services division amounted to EUR 287.1 million (265.5) and operating profit was EUR 30.0 million (28.9).In Environmental Services  growth was derived particularly from corporate customers and producer responsibility organisations. The producer responsibility organisation Suomen Pakkaustuottajat Oy chose L&T as its recycling partner for consumer plastic packaging in December. The agreement covers approximately 20 000 tonnes of consumer packaging plastic waste  which corresponds to approximately half of the packaging plastic waste collected in Finland each year. From the beginning of 2023  L&T will be responsible for the intermediate storage of plastic packaging waste as well as its collection and transport to Quantafuel ASA’s mechanical and chemical recycling plants in Denmark.During the period under review  the organisational structure and operating model were reformed by assigning more commercial responsibility to the local organisation. Environmental responsibility management and consulting organisation grew  and its competencies were expanded.The ERP system and related information system renewal programme continued in the division and progressed to the implementation stage. The system is scheduled to enter the deployment stage in the first half of 2024. The total investment in the system projects under the programme is estimated at approximately EUR 16.9 million  of which approximately EUR 6.2 million were realised by the end of 2022  with expenses of EUR 1.3 million recognised in 2022.Due to the reform of the Waste Act in 2021  direct customer agreements with housing properties were transferred to municipal operators during the period under review  but the impact of these changes on net sales was compensated for by growth in the corporate customer segment.The prices of recycled raw materials increased in the first half of the year. The prices of recycled raw materials subsequently stabilised and  in the case of certain fractions  began to decrease in the latter half of the year. The market prices of recycled cardboard and paperboard falling to less than half of the level seen in the early part of the year was particularly reflected in the net sales of the Environmental Services division. The reduced level of activity in the construction industry was also reflected in declining volumes towards the end of the year.Fuel prices rose sharply at the end of February due to the war in Ukraine. The higher fuel costs were successfully passed on to customer prices through cost increases carried out in February–April.The merger of the Environmental Services division’s renewable energy sources business with Neova Oy’s corresponding business was approved by the Finnish Competition and Consumer Authority  and the joint venture Laania Oy became operational on 1 July 2022. In the first half of the year  the net sales of the renewable energy sources business amounted to EUR 35.4 million  and the operating profit was EUR 0.3 million. In the financial year 2021  the net sales of the renewable energy sources business totalled EUR 56.9 million  and the operating profit was EUR 0.9 million. The business is no longer reported as part of the Environmental Services division after the second quarter of 2022. The net profit of the joint venture is consolidated in one line item under operating profit.Industrial ServicesOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the final quarter grew to EUR 36.3 million (28.7). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 3.1 million (1.7). Operating profit was EUR 2.3 million (1.7). Operating profit was reduced by a change of EUR 0.8 million in the fair value of the deferred consideration related to the acquisition of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”) recognised in the final quarter of 2022  due to the positive development of the acquired company’s business.Year 2022The full-year net sales of the Industrial Services division grew to EUR 132.0 million (105.1). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 13.6 million (9.2). Operating profit was EUR 12.7 million (9.2). Operating profit was reduced by a change of EUR 0.8 million in the fair value of the deferred consideration related to the acquisition of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”) recognised in the final quarter of 2022  due to the positive development of the acquired company’s business.The Industrial Services division strengthened its position in hazardous and non-hazardous waste recycling services during the period under review by acquiring Fortum’s hazardous waste SME business in Finland at the beginning of February 2022. The takeover of the business acquired from Fortum went according to plan  and the demand for hazardous waste services was strong.In the environmental construction business line  several demanding industrial soil decontamination projects were carried out. At the beginning of the year  a new material treatment center started its operations in Pori  Finland. The plant focuses particularly on processing industrial side streams.In February  Industrial Services expanded into the Swedish process cleaning services market by acquiring 70% of the shares of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”)  a provider of process cleaning services in Sweden. Operating in southern Sweden  SVB had net sales of approximately EUR 10 million in the previous financial year and has approximately 60 employees. The integration of the Swedish business progressed according to plan  and several successful industrial water treatment projects were carried out in the process cleaning business in Sweden. In the process cleaning business in Finland  resource allocation for annual maintenance services was successful in spite of maintenance services originally scheduled for the early part of the year being postponed to the autumn due to the COVID-19 pandemic and labour action.Fuel prices rose sharply at the end of February due to the war in Ukraine. The higher fuel costs were  for the most part  passed on to customer prices through cost increases carried out in February–April.Facility Services FinlandOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the final quarter grew to EUR 64.6 million (63.0). Operating profit was EUR 0.8 million (0.6).Year 2022The full-year net sales of Facility Services Finland grew to EUR 256.3 million (243.1). Operating profit declined to EUR -0.5 million (1.8).Several significant new customer accounts were acquired and started in the cleaning business  and the demand for data-driven cleaning services increased. The demand for energy efficiency services increased during the review period.The COVID-19 pandemic and other respiratory infections significantly increased sickness-related absences in the first and fourth quarters  which increased production costs in all service branches  especially in cleaning. Production costs were increased by higher fuel prices and general cost inflation. The increased production costs could not be fully passed on to customer prices.In the cleaning business  the availability of labour declined and employee turnover increased significantly  which drove costs higher. Several new projects were launched to improve the availability of labour. Co-operation with municipal employment services and government organisations was intensified to ensure that jobs offered by L&T are better known by job seekers. L&T joined forces with Staffpoint to offer jobs to Ukrainian refugees. A group of workers from the Philippines was recruited for full-time cleaning work under contracts valid until further notice. The employees in question will start work in the first quarter of 2023.Measures were taken in Facility Services Finland to improve operational efficiency and profitability throughout the period under review. Local and business line-specific change negotiations were conducted in the division in the second half of the year  leading to the termination of employment for approximately 70 white-collar employees and approximately 30 employees.Facility Services SwedenOctober–DecemberThe division’s net sales for the final quarter decreased to EUR 39.8 million (43.8). Operating profit declined to EUR 0.5 million (1.3). Operating profit before the amortisation of purchase price allocations of acquisitions was EUR 0.8 million (1.9).Year 2022Facility Services Sweden’s full-year net sales decreased to EUR 140.4 million (149.8). Operating profit declined to EUR 0.4 million (3.9). Operating profit before the amortisation of purchase price allocations of acquisitions was EUR 2.2 million (6.0).Production costs were increased by higher fuel prices and general cost inflation from February onwards. The COVID-19 pandemic increased sickness-related absences  particularly in the first quarter. Customer agreements in the Swedish business are mostly fixed-price contracts  and the increased production costs could not be passed on to customers in the form of price increases. The profit performance of Facility Services Sweden was lowered not only by inflation but also the weaker-than-expected sales of additional services. Adaptation measures were initiated in the division in the second quarter. The effort to simplify operating models and adapt them to the rapidly changing business environment will continue in 2023.FINANCINGIn 2022  cash flow from operating activities amounted to EUR 71.8 million (65.6). Net cash flow after investments came to EUR 41.1 million (1.7). Net cash flow from operating activities after investments was reduced by acquisitions  which had a total impact of approximately EUR 13 million (approximately EUR 23 million). Net cash flow after investments was increased by the repayment of a loan receivable of EUR 16.4 million by the joint venture in the final quarter of 2022. A total of EUR 6.2 million in working capital was committed (EUR 15.1 million committed).At the end of the financial year  interest-bearing liabilities amounted to EUR 216.8 million (195.6). Net interest-bearing liabilities totalled EUR 167.3 million (167.1). The average interest rate of long-term loans  excluding lease liabilities  with interest rate hedging  was 2.5% (1.1%). Of the company’s floating rate loans totalling EUR 50 million  EUR 30 million have been converted into fixed rate loans by means of an interest rate swap.The EUR 100.0 million commercial paper programme was unused at the end of the financial year as in the comparison period. The account limit totalling EUR 10.0 million as well as the committed credit limit totalling EUR 40.0 million were not in use  as was the case in the comparison period. The Group signed a credit limit linked to responsibility targets in May 2022. The credit limit will mature in the first quarter of 2025. The company issued senior unsecured sustainability-linked notes in the amount of EUR 75 million in May. The new notes will mature in the second quarter of 2028 and bear fixed annual interest at the rate of 3.375 per cent.Net financial expenses amounted to EUR -5.8 million (-3.3). The increase in net financial expenses was attributable to higher interest-bearing liabilities due to acquisitions  an expense of EUR 0.3 million associated with the redemption of a bond  and the higher general interest rate level. The effect of exchange rate changes on net financial expenses was EUR -0.2 million (0.3). Net financial expenses were 0.7% (0.4%) of net sales.The equity ratio was 34.3% (34.2%) and the gearing ratio was 75.9% (79.4%). The Group’s total equity was EUR 220.4 million (210.4). Translation differences caused by the depreciation of the Swedish krona affected equity by EUR -5.6 million and changes in the fair value of hedging instruments by EUR 1.3 million. Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period amounted to EUR 49.5 million (28.6). Overdue trade receivables and credit losses have not increased as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or the war in Ukraine.DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETSThe Annual General Meeting held on 17 March 2022 resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.46 per share  totalling EUR 17.5 million  be paid on the basis of the balance sheet that was adopted for the financial year 2021. The dividend was paid to shareholders on 28 March 2022.CAPITAL EXPENDITUREGross capital expenditure for 2022 came to EUR 58.2 million (72.3). Acquisitions accounted for approximately EUR 21 million of the capital expenditure (approximately EUR 31 million). In addition  the costs of internal work related to information system investments increased significantly compared to 2021. Other capital expenditure consisted primarily of machine and equipment purchases  as well as investments in information systems and buildings.SUSTAINABILITYEnvironmental responsibilityClimate benefits for customers created by L&T2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Carbon handprint (tCO 2 e)534 5001 100 000 growth faster than net salesThe carbon handprint illustrates the climate benefits of a product  process or service  i.e. the emission reduction potential for the user. L&T’s carbon handprint reduces the customer’s carbon footprint. Our services generated emission reductions for customers through  for example  customers replacing virgin raw materials with secondary raw materials  and fossil fuels with biofuels and solid recovered fuels.The carbon handprint of the renewable energy sources business is no longer reported as part of L&T’s carbon handprint in 2022. In 2021  L&T’s total carbon handprint excluding renewable energy sources was 528 000 tCO 2 e.Recycling rate and material recovery2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Recycling rate of material flows managed by L&T  % 59.4 58.4 65 2026The recycling rate is the weighted average of our customers’ recycling rates. It also includes materials that cannot yet be recycled. To increase our reuse and recycling rate  we actively look for new material streams whose refining rate we can increase. Reporting covers municipal waste collected from corporate customers  hazardous waste  industrial waste and construction waste in Finland. Slurry  contaminated soil and ash are excluded from reporting.Progress towards science-based emission reduction targets  using 2018 as the baseline2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Carbon footprint (tCO 2 e)31 70037 800Carbon footprint intensity (gCO 2 e/km)6467674762030L&T’s strategic objective is to halve the carbon footprint of its operations by 2030  using 2018 as the baseline  and to reduce the indirect emissions generated by its supply chain. The emission reduction target set by L&T has been validated by the Science Based Targets initiative. The achievement of this objective will be promoted by switching to zero-emission transport technologies and fuels and by opting for renewable energy at L&T’s properties. Transport operations account for 95 per cent of the emissions generated by L&T’s own operations.The fuel distribution obligation was adjusted in 2022 by reducing the biofuel component by 7.5 per cent in July. This change has not been taken into account in the emissions calculations reported in the financial statements release  as Statistics Finland has yet to update its fuel classification data in accordance with the change. Statistics Finland is expected to publish updated fuel classification data during spring 2023. L&T will subsequently calculate and report its carbon dioxide emissions for 2022 on its website using the updated emission factors. The total emissions of L&T’s own operations for 2022  calculated with the updated emission factors  are likely to be higher than those reported here.Social responsibilityOverall accident frequency2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved byOverall accident frequency (TRIF)2324192026L&T eliminates hazards and improves its own safety as well as the safety of customers and other stakeholders through effective proactive measures  such as risk assessments  safety observations  Safety Walks and occupational safety sessions.Well-being at work2022 2021 Target Target to be achieved by Occupational health rate (proportion of employees with no sickness-related absences)404557 2026Sickness-related absences (%)5.65.04.32026The objective of L&T’s personnel policies and plans is to ensure that the number  competence and retention of personnel are at the level required for effective performance. For a labour-intensive company  employees’ ability to work and function and maintain it throughout their careers until retirement on old-age pension is important.The COVID-19 pandemic and other respiratory infections significantly increased sickness-related absences in the first and fourth quarters.Current issues related to sustainabilityCDP ranked Lassila & Tikanoja “Management B” for its climate activities. CDP is an international non-profit organisation that annually evaluates the environmental actions of businesses. CDP scores are based on the comprehensiveness of disclosure  awareness and management of environmental risks  and adherence to best practices in environmental management. The score can range from D to A  with A being considered a Leadership level score.The sustainability figures in this release have not been externally assured yet. L&T will publish its externally assured sustainability scores as part of the Annual review during week 9.PERSONNELIn 2022  the average number of employees converted into full-time equivalents was 7 364 (7 319). At the end of the period  L&T had 8 371 (8 171) full-time and part-time employees. Of these  7 020 (7 003) worked in Finland and 1 351 (1 168) in Sweden.SHARES AND SHARE CAPITALTraded volume and priceThe volume of trading during the year 2022 was 9.4 million shares  which is 24.7% (25.2%) of the average number of outstanding shares. The value of trading was EUR 104.9 million (137.6). The highest share price was EUR 13.62 and the lowest EUR 9.72. The closing price was EUR 10.64. At the end of the financial year  the market capitalisation excluding the shares held by the company was EUR 405.9 million (512.2).Own sharesAt the end of the financial year  the company held 653 256 of its own shares  representing 1.7% of all shares and votes.Share capital and number of sharesThe company’s registered share capital amounts to EUR 19 399 437 and the number of outstanding shares was 38 145 618 at the end of the period. The average number of shares excluding the shares held by the company was 38 116 180.Share-based incentive plansIn December 2022  the Board of Directors of Lassila & Tikanoja Plc decided to establish two new long-term share-based incentive plans for the Group’s key employees. The aim of the new plans is to align the objectives of the company  shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain the key employees at the company and to offer them competitive reward plans that are based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares as well as on appreciation of the share price. The Performance Share Plan 2023–2027 comprises three (3) three-year (3) performance periods covering the calendar years 2023–2025  2024–2026 and 2025–2027.During the performance period 2023–2025  the earning of rewards is based on the following performance criteria: return on capital employed (ROCE)  total shareholder return (TSR) and reduction of the carbon footprint (ESG).The target group of the Performance Share Plan during the performance period 2023–2025 consists of approximately 50 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board.The transitional share-based incentive scheme 2023–2026 consists of two (2) earnings periods of one (1) year each  corresponding to the calendar years 2023 and 2024. The earnings period is followed by a two-year commitment period. The aim of the scheme is to support the transition from the old share-based incentive scheme to the new share-based incentive scheme. The target group of the transitional share-based incentive scheme for the earnings period 2023 consists of approximately 10 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board.ShareholdersAt the end of the financial year  the company had 24 556 (23 087) shareholders. Nominee-registered holdings accounted for 7.0% (9.6%) of the total number of shares.Authorisations for the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting held on 17 March 2022 authorised Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares using the company’s unrestricted equity. In addition  the Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling their holders to shares.The Board of Directors is authorised to purchase a maximum of 2 000 000 company shares (5.2% of the total number of shares). The repurchase authorisation is effective for 18 months.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on the issuance of new shares or shares which may be held by the company through a share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights conferring entitlement to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that under the authorisation  a maximum of 2 000 000 shares (5.2% of the total number of shares) may be issued and/or conveyed. The authorisation is effective for 18 months.RESOLUTIONS BY THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Annual General Meeting  which was held on 17 March 2022  adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for 2021  released the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability as well as approved the Remuneration Report for the Governing Bodies.The Annual General Meeting resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.46 per share  totalling EUR 17.5 million  be paid on the basis of the balance sheet adopted for the financial year 2021. It was decided that the dividend be paid on 28 March 2022.The Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of members of the Board of Directors as six. Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Laura Tarkka and Pasi Tolppanen were re-elected to the Board until the end of the following Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  as the auditor until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy announced that it will name Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the principal auditor.The Annual General Meeting resolved to amend the third sentence of Section 4 of the Articles of Association so that the General Meeting elects the Chairman and the Vice-Chairman of the Board.The resolutions of the Annual General Meeting were announced in more detail in a stock exchange release on 17 March 2022.BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe members of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors are Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Laura Tarkka and Pasi Tolppanen. At its constitutive meeting after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors elected Jukka Leinonen as Chairman of the Board and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman.Sakari Lassila was elected as the Chairman of the Audit Committee and Teemu Kangas-Kärki and Laura Tarkka as the members of the committee. The Board elected Jukka Leinonen as the Chairman of the Personnel and Sustainability Committee  with Laura Tarkka and Pasi Tolppanen as the members of the committee.The company announced the composition of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Nomination Board on 9 September 2022. Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s three largest shareholders  which are entitled to appoint a representative to Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board  are a group of shareholders (Chemec Oy  CH-Polymers Oy  Maijala Eeva  Maijala Hannele  Maijala Heikki  Maijala Juhani  Maijala Juuso  Maijala Miikka  Maijala Mikko  Maijala Roope and Maijala Tuula)  the Evald and Hilda Nissi Foundation  and Mandatum Life Insurance Company Limited. These shareholders have appointed Miikka Maijala  Juhani Lassila and Patrick Lapveteläinen as their representatives in Lassila & Tikanoja’s Nomination Board. The Chairman of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors  Jukka Leinonen  acts as the fourth member of the Nomination Board. The Chairman of the Nomination Board is Patrick Lapveteläinen.Long-term targetsIn September  Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors approved the Group’s targets for the strategy period 2023–2026 and decided on the continuing implementation of the Group’s strategy. The financial targets and the sustainability and stakeholder targets for the strategy period were unchanged.Financial targetsIndicator Target Annual growth in net sales  % 5% Return on capital employed  % 15% Gearing  % Below 125%Sustainability and stakeholder targetsMeasure Target Net Promoter Score  NPS >50 by 2026 Employee Net Promoter Score  eNPS >50 by 2026 Carbon handprint Growth faster than net sales Carbon footprint -50% by 2030 in comparison to 2018Sustainability and stakeholder measures are reported as part of the Group quarterly and annual reporting.Lassila & Tikanoja does not consider the long-term financial targets as guidance for any fiscal year.CHANGES IN THE GROUP EXECUTIVE BOARDIn March 2022  Tina Hellstadius  MSc (Technology) was appointed Vice President  Facility Services Sweden and a member of the Group Executive Board effective from 19 April 2022. Hellstadius succeeded Erik Sundström  who retired on 30 June 2022. In December 2022  L&T’s CIO Edward Skärström was appointed as a member of the Group Executive Board effective from 1 January 2023.EVENTS AFTER THE FINANCIAL YEAROn 11 January 2023  the company announced that Lassila & Tikanoja’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 23 March 2023 that the Board of Directors have six (6) members. The Nomination Board proposes that Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen and Pasi Tolppanen be re-elected to the Board of Directors and that Anni Ronkainen be elected as a new member. Information on Anni Ronkainen is available on L&T’s website. Of the current members  Laura Tarkka has announced that she is no longer available for the election of the members of the Board of Directors. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen is elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman.NEAR-TERM RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESGeneral economic uncertainty may affect the level of economic activity among customers  which may reduce the demand for L&T’s services.Higher costs  such as fuel and energy  potential interest rate hikes and wage-related decisions in the labour market  may have a negative impact on the company’s financial performance.The company has several ERP system renewal projects under way. Temporary additional costs arising from system deployments and establishing the operating model may weigh down the company’s result.Production costs may be increased by challenges related to employee turnover  labour availability and higher sickness rates.As the company has no operations or holdings in Russia  Belarus or Ukraine  and there are no significant Russian-owned companies in the customer base  the direct impacts of the war in Ukraine are expected to be minor. However  indirect impacts on overall economic activity in Finland and Sweden may have a negative impact on net sales and profit.More detailed information on Lassila & Tikanoja’s risks and risk management will be provided in the 2021 Annual Review and in the Report by the Board of Directors and the consolidated financial statements.PROPOSAL FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF ASSETSAccording to the financial statements  Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s unrestricted equity amounts to EUR 61 719 573.87  with the operating profit for the period representing EUR 11 946 564.10 of this total. There were no substantial changes in the financial standing of the company after the end of the period  and the solvency test referred to in Chapter 13  Section 2 of the Companies Act does not affect the amount of distributable assets.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.47 per share be paid for the financial year 2022. The dividend will be paid to shareholders included in the company shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date  27 March 2023. The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 3 April 2023.No dividend shall be paid on shares held by the company on the record date of the dividend payment  27 March 2023.On the day the proposal for the distribution of assets was made  the number of shares entitling to dividend was 38 145 618  which means the total amount of the dividend would be EUR 17 928 440 46. The Group’s earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.83. The proposed dividend  EUR 0.47 per share  is 56.9% of the earnings per share.Lassila & Tikanoja’s Annual Report  which includes the Report by the Board of Directors and the financial statements for 2022  will be published in week 9 at www.lt.fi/en .Helsinki  8 February 2023LASSILA & TIKANOJA PLCBoard of DirectorsEero HautaniemiPresident and CEOFor additional information  please contact:Eero Hautaniemi  President and CEO  tel. +358 10 636 2810Valtteri Palin  CFO  tel. +358 40 734 7749Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs 8 371 people. In 2022  the company’s net sales amounted to EUR 844.1 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.17,0.7,True,English,"['Tikanoja plc', 'Financial Statements', 'Lassila', 'December', 'demanding contaminated soil restoration projects', 'new hazardous waste recycling solutions', 'renewable energy sources busi', 'higher general cost level', 'producer responsibility organisation customers', 'The Industrial Services division', 'producer responsibility organisations', 'Stock exchange release', 'CEO EERO HAUTANIEMI', 'environmental construction business', 'high employee turnover', 'process cleaning methods', 'unprofitable customer agreements', 'environmental responsibility management', 'CIRCULAR ECONOMY BUSINESSES', 'Net cash flow', 'good operative result', 'rising interest rates', 'Environmental Services division', 'Net sales growth', 'GROUP NET SALES', 'strong operating result', 'Facility Services Finland', 'Facility Services Sweden', 'business environment', 'The Group', 'same level', 'usual level', 'HIGHER COSTS', 'organic growth', 'The Board', 'industrial customers', 'additional services', 'weak result', 'corporate customers', 'operating profit', 'operating models', 'operating activities', 'operating environment', 'Financial Statements', 'STRONG YEAR', 'corresponding period', 'final quarter', 'joint venture', 'L&T', '25.6 per cent', 'review period', 'comparison period', 'sharp rise', 'sickness-related absences', 'financial position', '8.1 per cent', 'consulting capabilities', '6.6 per cent', 'Swedish market', 'market position', 'labour shortages', 'profit performance', 'economic cycles', 'FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE', 'fourth quarter', 'Tikanoja plc', 'previous year', 'negative effect', 'economic uncertainty', 'operational efficiency', 'Lassila', 'February', '8:00 a', 'December', 'figures', 'brackets', 'gain', 'EUR', 'share', 'profitability', 'divisions', 'programmes', 'Earnings', 'investments', 'Directors', 'Outlook', 'adjusted', 'amount', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'company', 'development', 'number', 'operations', 'acquisition', 'average', 'inflation', 'expected', 'progress', 'municipalisation', 'significance', 'households', 'scope', 'focus', 'October', 'decrease', '2022']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18065,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/artmarketcom-reports-q4-2022-revenue-growth-and-a-new-business-model-generating-additional-income-from-affiliate-advertisers-potentially-doubling-artprices-turnover-301743395.html,Artmarket.com reports Q4 2022 revenue growth and a new business model generating additional income from affiliate advertisers  potentially doubling Artprice's turnover.,PARIS  Feb. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- After posting good revenue figures for 4Q 2022  we are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket has got off to a dynamic start to 2023 with January's turnover showing a 17% increase versus the year-earlier period. The figure…,"PARIS  Feb. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- After posting good revenue figures for 4Q 2022  we are proud to say that Artprice by Artmarket has got off to a dynamic start to 2023 with January's turnover showing a 17% increase versus the year-earlier period.The figures show that since the start of 2023  Artmarket.com has been gaining market share with new customers despite the uncertain economic context stemming from very unpredictable geopolitical parameters and an inflationary dynamic that poses significant challenges for central banks  particularly for the ECB and the FED.Artprice took advantage of the Covid period to develop and deploy the most significant modification in its history  leading to a change in its business model with paying advertisers fully integrated into its databases and services. These advertisers are essentially the 6 500 Auction Houses around the world that have been affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and today conduct 98% of their sales online.It is quite possible that the turnover generated by these 6 500 auction houses will ultimately generate more turnover than subscriptions  which currently represent 90% of Artprice by Artmarket.com's turnover. By effectively responding to a long-standing request from its partner auction houses  Artprice believes it can double its turnover. A second major change in our business model relates to our decision to license our Standardized Database of Artists  today the most comprehensive in the world.Future events in 2023: annual licensing of Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists  with an entry price of €7 500 per yearIn recent years  Artprice by Artmarket  which owns the largest known editorial collection of manuscripts and catalogs from 1700 to the present day (a current asset with an estimated value of €16.257 million in Artprice by Artmarket.com's balance sheet)  has developed the most comprehensive database of artists in the world.At Artprice by Artmarket  we never forget that artists are what the art market revolves around; they are its primary and unique motor  and all the news  exhibitions  auctions  galleries  museums  biennials  fairs  and shows evolve around them. In short  none of it could exist without the artist.Each Artist page is created within the framework of a standardized editorial charter and a set of processes protected under France's Intellectual Property Laws  with a biography supported by certified documents from the artist and/or his/her beneficiaries that are deposited in Artprice's physical archives.Each analog/digital record has 140 referential integrity fields which are themselves relational databases.Each Artist page includes details about their various disciplines and artistic techniques  their past auction results (with photographs of the works)  their upcoming sales  their signatures and monograms  an indication of any catalog raisonné and/or reference work  their annual auction turnover  their auction records  the geographical distribution of their sales  their key market indices  their unsold rates  as well as all articles or dispatches from Artprice's press agency ""ArtMarket Insight"" written about the artist.This allows Artprice to attribute each artist with a dedicated ID (like a business identification code) and for each of his/her works  another specific ID (like a vehicle registration document) and to 'standardize' the art market to ensure reliable traceability  accurate indices  and comprehensive monitoring. These unique and rigorous processes are subject to multiple protection mechanisms under France's Intellectual Property Laws.A single Artist Log costs on average 270€ to 300€ to create  and  despite ultra-powerful computing  it requires human validation by a committee of editors and translation into the six languages of the Artprice databases  namely English  French  Spanish  German  Italian and Mandarin.In 25 years  the Artprice Artist Database has established itself as the leading standardized global database in terms of the number of artists it covers  but also in terms of the volume of information per Artist entry.To date  the only reference we have retained is the Benezit Dictionary  created in 1911 in Paris and which Artprice tried to acquire from Éditions Gründ in the early 2000s.At the time  Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists included 120 000 artists while the Benezit had 175 000. The latter was therefore the de facto global reference by its sheer number of artists. Despite a very substantial financial proposal from Artprice  the Benezit was finally sold to Oxford Art Online (see our registration document and financial report).In 2023  the online Benezit  in English  has 170 000 artists and a subscription entry cost of £215 per year.Artprice's standardized artists' database now totals 803 000 artists from the 4th century to the present day  in six languages.The overall cost associated with successfully building the most comprehensive Standardized Database of Artists in the world also includes the cost of acquiring legendary companies and documentary collections such as the Enrique Mayer Guide (1962/1987)  the famous Dictionary of Art Sales by Doctor H. Mireur 1700-1900  the American leader Sound View Press with nearly 50 databases on the USA including the famous biographical collection Who Was Who in American Art (1991)  Editions Franck Van Wilder (1970)  the Swiss company Xylogic (world specialist in Art Market indices since 1985)  the Bayer Database on the Anglo-Saxon Art Market from 1700 to 1913  Signatures and Monogrammes by Caplan & Creps (USA)  a global reference work (1976)  and a whole host of other works and records.Indeed  over the past 25 years  we at Artprice have pursued a systematic policy of purchasing all manuscripts and catalogs  mainly from 1700 to 1970  from all over the world. The acquisition of this historical knowledge was an unavoidable process in ensuring that Artprice could standardize the art market with certainty and know the perfect traceability of works of art and their correct attributions.In the 20th century  the Benezit was the major reference  the Bible of the Art Market according to Le Monde newspaper. To date  it is the only serious financial and analytical referent for Artprice  notably because of its use of a comparative methodology.Nevertheless  the 803 000 artists in Artprice's Standardized Database represent a volume 472% greater than that of the Benezit Oxford University Press Dictionary (170 000 artists)  with access in six languages for Artprice compared with just one language for the Benezit.For Artprice  the total present-day cost in 2023 of building the most exhaustive database of artists in the world is 216 million euros (see paragraph on analytical cost). Despite being an asset in permanent growth  under International Financial Reporting Standards  the valuation of such a perennial asset is recognized in Artprice by Artmarket.com balance sheets at only a fraction of its real value (IFRS have been adopted since 2005 to harmonize the presentation of listed companies' financial and accounting statements).Indeed  the creation of the index for Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists was an extremely complex operation involving seven million hours of work by historians  researchers  editors  journalists  econometricians  and a dedicated IT department over 25 years.Now that it exists  Artprice by Artmarket is constantly being asked for licenses to use its Standardized Database of Artists  mainly by the tens of thousands of online galleries  marketplaces  Auction Houses  Experts  online auction sites  copyright companies  customs  and tax authorities  museums foundations and insurance companies that operate in this segment  but without an exhaustive standardized database of artists.Many of these players are prone to making regular attribution errors - as they themselves admit - and for the small or recently established structures  their survival depends on access to a standardized and consistent Database of Artists over the centuries.One of the main difficulties is having  on the one hand  a massive collection of auction catalogs and manuscripts  and on the other hand  proprietary algorithms that can track down and identify the numerous homonyms that exist in the field of art.Indeed  art history is full of homonyms. One of the solutions was to link the name of the artist to his place of birth as well as his connection to an ethnic group or a family or a clan.After a global market study focusing mainly on incoming requests from future clients  we calculated that the entry price for a license to use the index of Artprice's Standardized Database of 803 000 Artists  will be around €7 500 per year  i.e. a monthly charge of €625  which makes this operating license very affordable for small or recently-established structures.Of course  this annual operating license – limited to the Standardized Index of Artists  does not in any way compete with Artprice or its multiple databases  as is contractually agreed with the licensee. This operating license uses an Application Programming Interface (API) provided by Artprice to connect software (or a website) to Artprice's Standardized Database of Artists.If the licensee notices that its customers request  for example  the price of works for past or future sales  indices and statistics on an artist  monograms and signatures  or any other information held by Artprice's databases  it may ask the Artprice licensor for a return API (re-routing/affiliation contract) to Artprice's paid databases where the licensee receives between 5 and 20% commission depending on the turnover achieved with Artprice on an annual subscription contracted on Artprice by Artmarket payment platforms. This allows Artprice to collect €7 500/year on the one hand  and on the other hand  to greatly increase its turnover via its many licensees.Future events HI 2023: at the beginning of March Artprice will deploy its most sophisticated version of Artprice.com that will  among other things  initiate a complete change in our business model. Henceforward  our website will integrate paid advertisers into our databases and services and our Artist pages and Web 3.0.At the beginning of March 2023  Artprice by Artmarket will deploy the latest and most sophisticated version of its website in response to the numerous requests from its customers  which reflects the growth and expansion of its digital footprints. After 18 months of development  partly extended by the Covid  this large-scale deployment will affect all of Artprice's databases and services.To develop this latest version of our website  Artprice by Artmarket submitted a call for tenders at the end of 2019 and finally selected a team of very qualified and passionate external consultants to conduct an analysis followed by the development of a complete overhaul of Artprice.com. The whole process was based on a solid 'user interface' (UI) and 'user experience' approach  which  as their labels suggest  means that our entire website has been redesigned with an acute focus on making it easier for the user.At its core  the new website will include a very substantial change in our business model  since paying advertisers will be fully integrated into our databases and services. These advertisers are mainly the 6 500 auction houses worldwide  affiliated with Artprice for more than two decades and which now conduct 98% of their sales online. They will now  in paying advertiser mode  be able to highlight their future sales with extremely relevant targeting  depending on the search criteria of Artprice's 7.2 million customers.It should be noted that for the past half a century  the economic models of auction houses have always allocated roughly 34% of their overall costs to advertising (usually announcing details of upcoming public sales)  regardless of the country they operate in or the size of the auction house.Since auctions are now 98% advertised online  the pressure from Artprice-affiliated auction houses in 2023 to promote their sales for a fee has found its best response with this new deployment. Indeed  the auction houses now believe that their communication budgets for future sales (34% of their estimated value) must be focused online  rather than on the printed media.In the past Artprice always considered online advertising to be incompatible with its databases in terms of readability and reputation. We have therefore done everything we can to satisfy demand from the auction houses while maintaining Artprice's original DNA.On the new version of the site  the 6 500 auction houses will be able to merge into the entire industrial process of Artprice by Artmarket by advertising their future sales and pushing the ""followed"" artists selected by the 7.2 million Artprice customers and members (alerts by SMS  RSS  instant messaging  e-mail  ""my artists"" page  etc.).Since 1997 Artprice's primary ambition has been to foster art market transparency by expanding knowledge from a circle of insiders to the general population to facilitate development and growth. The new presentation of Artprice by Artmarket will enhance this transparency through access to verified  verifiable  and above all contextualized data.Indeed  Artprice by Artmarket's clients and members will intuitively dive into the heart of art market news and will be privileged players within a human and educational approach  which is often lacking in the world of GAFAs.Moreover  Artprice's essential and historic collaborations as World Leader in Art Market Information will become even more apparent in this new version  mainly via contributions from individual artists who have participated in this evolution.The auction houses that have been our historical partners are  of course  the other essential collaboration. Indeed  their interest in collaborating with Artprice can only increase as they highlight their future sales with discreet and effective prestige  which will – in turn – generate additional recurring income for Artprice via its proprietary Intranet (the primary working tool for auction houses for many years).It is quite possible that the advertising revenue generated by these 6 500 auction houses (affiliated with Artprice since 1997) will ultimately generate more income than subscriptions  which currently represent 90% of Artprice's turnover. As mentioned earlier  Artprice has a clear ambition to double its turnover and  again  this initiative is a direct result of long-standing requests from our partner auction houses.In sum  after more than two years of R&D (extended by the Covid crisis)  Artprice by Artmarket is proud to be able fully to engage Artmarket.com customers  partners  and members in a new experience at the heart of the art market.This is undoubtedly one of the founding stones for the future of Artprice by Artmarket  with a fundamentally improved positioning via the referencing of images on search engines  the objective of increasing traffic to conquer new market share and to corner the market for the certification of primary issues of Art NFTs.Thanks to Google Analytics 4  the latest generation of Analytics  the ""Crawl budget""  a combination of Google's ""crawl rate"" and ""crawl demand""  increased from 915 000 requests/day to a new average of 2.5 million/day since the deployment of Artprice's 803 000 Artist homepages at the end of 2022.Through this deployment  Artprice has not only remained faithful to its principle of maintaining the readability of its databases but has also responded (at last) to the continual requests from its 6 500 affiliated Auction Houses around the world to have access to paid advertisements to enhance their future sales.Since January 2023  a complete UI//UX overhaul of Artists P ages and our Web 3.0/Art NFTs allowed greater global visibility for the 803 000 artists on Artprice by Artmarket.Artmarket.com has implemented a substantial tariff increase for its subscriptions and services since the beginning of 2023. These increases will generate an increase in future income. Artmarket.com was already profitable for a decade  and the additional revenue will translate almost entirely into net income since we will still be below the €90 million euros p.a. tax bracket.This tariff increase follows extensive consultation with Artprice by Artmarket customers who will continue to benefit from our databases and services  well aware that they find essential data in Artprice that they cannot find elsewhere. Enriched by over a million ultra-qualified new data every year  our indisputable position as World Leader in Art Market Information since 1997  must now be properly and systematically monetized.Artprice's databases are today unquestionably the most exhaustive in the world and this is recognized by a broad consensus of art market operators. It covers nearly 803 000 artists  all referenced with their biographies  auction results  market indices  decision-making help tools  signatures & monograms  and future sales  alongside historical information and contemporary  cultural  and market news. In total  our databases contain several tens of millions of data inputs and their combination and exploitation by our teams means that the sum of the parts is infinitely more valuable  and the whole system is protected by various intellectual property rights.Despite this substantial price increase  Artprice by Artmarket's offer remains by far the best value compared to the offer by our competitors who have not managed to evolve and offer subscriptions with limited searches: annual professional subscriptions from the competition for 150 searches €350/year  or 450 searches €975/year  and  in the event of an overrun  €2.45/request (as noted by Court Bailiff in November 2022).In a world of ""unlimited"" offers  these offers are quite simply anachronistic. Moreover  the competition's offer is based on data of only 330 000 artists and from a selection of only 1 600 auction houses  whereas Artprice by Artmarket covers 803 000 artists and 6 500 auction houses  with unlimited subscriptions from €279 to €569/year  including a range of indices  decision-making tools  and signatures & monograms that is unique in the world. Indeed  Artprice would still be very competitive at substantially higher prices.Surprisingly – given the geopolitical and economic context – the global art market is displaying insolent health  with regular auction records being hammered for works from all artistic periods during recent sales sessions  regardless of the country. And there have been no cancellations of classic and/or prestige cataloged sales for 2022 or 2023  which are the main indicators of the art market's health.The major auction houses and investors are well aware that art is a safe-haven investment  as shown by the Artprice100© index  which has outperformed traditional stock market indices. The current period of stock market jitters has channeled new funds and investments into the art market. For information  the Artprice100© index has increased by 612% since 2000. For the year 2022  the S&P index posted a contraction of -19% versus +3% for the Artprice100©.In our upcoming Global Art Market Report  we plan to present a truly global analysis of the art market's activities in 2022. This report is scheduled for publication in early March 2023. It will be available free of charge online and in PDF version. The AFP will publish it first.It is clear that war in Eastern Europe and the fears of a global recession have not depressed the art market at the start of this year.At the end of 2022  the AFP posted an article with the evocative title ""The collection of Microsoft co-founder aims for a billion-dollar auction total in New York"" and added ""With the late Paul G Allen's collection  Christie's is aiming for a historic art auction record  symbol of a market that is surging ahead despite a world shaken by crises.""Our new version of Artists Homepages bolsters the primary and preferred entry points to all of Artprice's databases and services because artists are indeed the foundation on which the art market has been based since its origin. With this major overhaul  Artprice also aims to reposition artists at the heart of the art market via the production of Art NFTs  which are one of the foundations of Web 3.0.The major overhaul of Artprice.com aims to provide its customers and members with a better experience  more in line with their needs. It has been implemented after several years of collecting and analyzing their needs in strict compliance with the legislation in force in Europe and the USA.The overhaul naturally integrates the arrival of Art NFTs  whose growth is exponential and which also constitutes a paradigm shift for artists in the art market who find themselves once again masters of their destiny  as was the case during the Renaissance.All of the art market's principal market-makers  including the majority of the auction houses around the world  now have NFT departments for cataloged and online sales throughout the year. Likewise  all the major structures in the museum industry and art galleries sphere are starting to publish their own NFTs.In addition  the major overhaul of Artprice by Artmarket.com finally highlights the largest proprietary collection of original manuscripts and sales catalogs printed since 1700. Owned and collected by Artprice over the last three decades  this collection acts as the fundamental core of Artprice's digital standardization of the art market and legitimizes its position as Global Leader in Art Market Information for 25 years.After the overhaul of our Artists Homepages  Artprice customers and prospects will have access to several centuries of knowledge organized over 25 years by Artprice's historians and editors. Access to this historical information has been structured in a perfectly intuitive and natural way so that users can immerse themselves in the exceptional and complex history of the art market.These new pages highlight the wealth and depth of Artmarket.com's databases and services  offering a high level of added value. The use of algorithmic AI allows access to highly relevant and personalized recommendations  allowing users to deepen their knowledge of the art market and ultimately generating more sophisticated subscriptions and therefore greater business revenue.This feature also brings Artprice by Artmarket clients and members fully into the Web 3.0 and Art NFTs sphere  giving Artmarket.com a considerable lead in its core business.Ahead of our major rollout in December 2022  Artprice has listened carefully to both its historical customers and its new customers and prospects.Indeed  with cryptocurrencies  Art NFTs and the Metaverse  new collectors and art enthusiasts have arrived  often considerably younger than their predecessors. There are now more than 450 million potential buyers of Art NFTs. Accustomed to speculation and risk-taking  art enthusiasts and collectors nonetheless  have no intention of abandoning their Web 3.0 crypto-universe.Having frequently used the services of Artprice  they have become new clients for Artmarket.com  but they made it clear they needed art prices to be added in both ETH and BTC throughout the entire Artprice databases. This major addition to our platform was completed at the end of 2022.The ultra-targeted digital campaigns on Twitter demonstrate through their returns (3 to 5%) that these new buyers respond with high-end Artprice subscriptions.In addition  Artmarket.com is pleased to have given historical preference to Ethereum which  via an operation baptized ""The Merge"" on 15 September 2022  converted in entire blockchain from a Proof-of-work (PoW) type consensus mechanism to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) type mechanism to move to a more environmentally friendly system.According to the Ethereum Foundation  this move was followed by an immediate drop in the total energy consumption of the Ethereum network by 99.9%.Thus  to foster the exchange and sale of Art NFTs on its Marketplace  and given the energy context  Artprice's choice for the Ethereum blockchain is fully in line with the ambitions expressed by France's Minister for the Economy  Bruno Le Maire  as announced in a previous press release:www.actusnews.com/fr/artmarket/cp/2022/10/20/artmarket_com-deja-positionnee-sur-les-nfts-avec-artprice-reagit-a-l_itw-de-bruno-le-maire-donnee-a-bfm-crypto-voulant-faire-deThis week  the French-language weekly business magazine has headlined its February issue (772) with the following title: ""What if Ethereum had the keys to blockchain success? Experiencing rapid growth  the decentralized cryptocurrency platform presents itself as one of the ""green"" options in the sector. A strategy that is convincing more and more investors and institutions"".thierry Ehrmann  Founder of Artprice and CEO of Artmarket.com emphasizes: ""In its various annual reports on the Art Market and its regulated information it publishes as a listed company  Artprice by Artmarket.com has always said concerning NFTs that it is impossible to apprehend this new market without a perfect knowledge of the relevant Monetary & Financial Codes and Intellectual Property Codes of the countries in which the market is operating. Similarly  to appreciate the nature of this market (experiencing exponential growth)  one also needs a true understanding of Blockchain  cryptocurrencies  and their cultural origins among the Cypherpunks (period of PGP-type data encryption at the beginning of 1990)""These regulations have been the subject of studies  colloquia  and proposals to major French and European government bodies by Blanche Sousi and the Art & Law Institute  with whom Artprice by Artmarket has been heavily involved as a long-standing member since 1997.2023: more than ever  Artprice's eco-responsible philosophy must set an example in the world of data centers.According to thierry Ehrmann  CEO of Artmarket.com and Founder of Artprice:""Artprice by Artmarket.com has patiently and methodically given itself all the means to evolve in response to the needs of Art Market professionals. All the indicators are positive for the future and we project a doubling of revenue  notably by opening up to paying advertisers integrated into our services and databasesWe have also developed  since 2017  processes to optimize the use of our servers  by limiting the power required and reducing the energy consumption of Artprice's Data Centers by 40%. This has been achieved by using the principle of micro-grids which allow better exploitation of production units (a multiple technologies decision) and the use of mainly renewable energiesThrough its commitment to the micro-grid  the Artprice by Artmarket Data Centers are part of a responsible and shared environmental logic (without risk for Artprice's processing requirements) which involves analyzing the evolution of renewable energies concerning new applied sciences and ongoing research according to the principle of ""formativity"" (notion coined by Luigi Pareyson).Given the generous geography of our head office (Domaine de la Source  built in 1630)  we are developing  with partners  a 'climatic' system based on the technique of artesian wells which capture water from deep layers of subsoil. This system will be protected by patents that will be filed by Artprice and Server Group  and it will respond in an ecologically responsible manner to the current energy crisis which is far more serious than the two oil shocks of 1973 and 1979 and which is only just beginning.As a global leader  Artprice considers eco-responsibility a philosophical and moral obligation. It is coherent with our market position  our corporate culture  and the sentiments of our customers.Copyright 1987-2023 thierry Ehrmann www.artprice.com - www.artmarket.comDon't hesitate to contact our Econometrics Department for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: [email protected]for your requirements regarding statistics and personalized studies: Try our services (free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo(free demo): https://www.artprice.com/demo Subscribe to our services: https://www.artprice.com/subscriptionAbout Artmarket:Artmarket.com is listed on Eurolist by Euronext Paris  SRD long only and Euroclear: 7478 - Bloomberg: PRC - Reuters: ARTF.Discover Artmarket and its Artprice department on video: www.artprice.com/videoArtmarket and its Artprice department was founded in 1997 by its CEO  thierry Ehrmann. Artmarket and its Artprice department is controlled by Groupe Serveur  created in 1987.See certified biography in Who's who ©:Biographie_thierry_Ehrmann_2022_WhosWhoInFrance.pdfArtmarket is a global player in the Art Market with  among other structures  its Artprice department  world leader in the accumulation  management and exploitation of historical and current art market information in databanks containing over 30 million indices and auction results  covering more than 803 000 artists.Artprice by Artmarket  the world leader in information on the art market  has set itself the ambition through its Global Standardized Marketplace to be the world's leading Fine Art NFT platform.Artprice Images® allows unlimited access to the largest Art Market image bank in the world: no less than 180 million digital images of photographs or engraved reproductions of artworks from 1700 to the present day  commented by our art historians.Artmarket with its Artprice department accumulates data on a permanent basis from 6500 Auction Houses and produces key Art Market information for the main press and media agencies (7 200 publications). Its 7.2 million ('members log in'+social media) users have access to ads posted by other members  a network that today represents the leading Global Standardized Marketplace® to buy and sell artworks at a fixed or bid price (auctions regulated by paragraphs 2 and 3 of Article L 321.3 of France's Commercial Code).Artmarket with its Artprice department  has been awarded the State label ""Innovative Company"" by the Public Investment Bank (BPI) (for the second time in November 2018 for a new period of 3 years) which is supporting the company in its project to consolidate its position as a global player in the market art.Artprice releases its 2022 Ultra-Contemporary Art Market Report:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2022The Artprice 2022 half-year report: the art market returns to strong growth in the West:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/global-art-market-in-h1-2022-by-artprice-comArtprice by Artmarket's 2020 Global Art Market Report published in March 2022:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-art-market-in-2021Artprice's 2020/21 Contemporary Art Market Report by Artmarket.com:https://www.artprice.com/artprice-reports/the-contemporary-art-market-report-2021Index of press releases posted by Artmarket with its Artprice department:serveur.serveur.com/Press_Release/pressreleaseEN.htmFollow all the Art Market news in real time with Artmarket and its Artprice department on Facebook and Twitter:www.facebook.com/artpricedotcom/ (over 5.9 million followers)twitter.com/artmarketdotcomtwitter.com/artpricedotcomDiscover the alchemy and universe of Artmarket and its artprice department https://www.artprice.com/video headquartered at the famous Organe Contemporary Art Museum ""The Abode of Chaos"" (dixit The New York Times): https://issuu.com/demeureduchaos/docs/demeureduchaos-abodeofchaos-opus-ix-1999-2013· L'Obs - The Museum of the Future: https://youtu.be/29LXBPJrs-o· www.facebook.com/la.demeure.du.chaos.theabodeofchaos999 (over 4 million followers)· https://vimeo.com/124643720Contact Artmarket.com and its Artprice department - Contact: Thierry Ehrmann [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1009603/Art_Market_logo.jpgSOURCE Artmarket.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.31,0.48,True,English,"['Q4 2022 revenue growth', 'new business model', 'Artmarket.com', 'additional income', 'affiliate advertisers', 'Artprice', 'turnover', 'de facto global reference', 'leading standardized global database', 'uncertain economic context', 'unpredictable geopolitical parameters', 'Intellectual Property Laws', '140 referential integrity fields', 'multiple protection mechanisms', 'Éditions Gründ', 'past auction results', 'substantial financial proposal', 'business identification code', 'standardized editorial charter', 'good revenue figures', 'second major change', 'vehicle registration document', 'partner auction houses', 'Oxford Art Online', 'single Artist Log', 'key market indices', 'comprehensive Standardized Database', 'subscription entry cost', ""standardized artists' database"", 'annual auction turnover', 'Artprice Artist Database', 'comprehensive database', '6,500 Auction Houses', 'art market', 'annual licensing', 'editorial collection', 'auction records', 'accurate indices', 'financial report', 'business model', 'entry price', 'reference work', 'comprehensive monitoring', 'market share', 'Artist entry', 'year-earlier period', 'new customers', 'inflationary dynamic', 'significant challenges', 'central banks', 'Covid period', 'significant modification', 'two decades', 'standing request', 'Future events', 'present day', 'current asset', 'balance sheet', 'physical archives', 'analog/digital record', 'various disciplines', 'artistic techniques', 'geographical distribution', 'unsold rates', 'press agency', 'dedicated ID', 'specific ID', 'reliable traceability', 'ultra-powerful computing', 'human validation', 'six languages', 'early 2000s', 'online Benezit', '4th century', 'overall cost', 'legendary companies', 'documentary collection', 'Artist page', 'relational databases', 'dynamic start', 'recent years', 'unique motor', 'rigorous processes', 'Benezit Dictionary', 'sheer number', 'Artmarket.com', 'ArtMarket Insight', 'upcoming sales', 'Artprice databases', '25 years', '120,000 artists', '170,000 artists', '803,000 artists', 'PARIS', 'Feb.', '4Q', 'January', '17% increase', 'ECB', 'FED', 'advantage', 'history', 'advertisers', 'services', 'world', 'subscriptions', 'long', 'decision', 'largest', 'manuscripts', 'catalogs', 'estimated', 'value', 'primary', 'news', 'exhibitions', 'auctions', 'galleries', 'museums', 'biennials', 'fairs', 'shows', 'none', 'framework', 'France', 'biography', 'documents', 'beneficiaries', 'details', 'photographs', 'works', 'signatures', 'monograms', 'indication', 'raisonné', 'articles', 'dispatches', 'committee', 'editors', 'translation', 'English', 'French', 'Spanish', 'German', 'Italian', 'Mandarin', 'terms', 'volume', 'information', 'date', 'time', 'latter', '2023']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,prnewswire.com
18069,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Patriot Federal Credit Union in Pennsylvania names new CEO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tvY3qogBhR #regtech,nan,Patriot Federal Credit Union in Pennsylvania names new CEO #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/tvY3qogBhR #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Patriot Federal Credit Union', 'new CEO', 'Pennsylvania', 'Fintech', 'tvY3qogBhR', 'regtech', 'Patriot Federal Credit Union', 'new CEO', 'Pennsylvania', 'Fintech', 'tvY3qogBhR', 'regtech']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18070,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/nZF5oeHQFZ https://t.co/ynhZ7tzhl2,nan,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/nZF5oeHQFZ https://t.co/ynhZ7tzhl2,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'ynhZ7tzhl2', 'ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'ynhZ7tzhl2']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18071,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/9zhEkVHTAT,nan,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/9zhEkVHTAT,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18072,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/hd0uom0L2U,nan,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/hd0uom0L2U,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18073,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/uV3YETZbha out right theft,nan,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros https://t.co/uV3YETZbha out right theft,negative,0.0,0.01,0.98,negative,0.0,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'theft', 'ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'theft']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18077,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,http://www.adexchanger.com/ad-exchange-news/big-village-and-emx-file-for-bankruptcy/,Big Village And EMX File For Bankruptcy,Digital ad marketplace EMX (ENGINE Media Exchange)  ad agency Trailer Park Group and their New York-based parent company  Big Village  have filed for bankruptcy.The post Big Village And EMX File For Bankruptcy appeared first on AdExchanger.,Digital ad marketplace EMX (ENGINE Media Exchange) and its New York-based parent company  Big Village  have filed for bankruptcy.Big Village filed a Chapter 11 petition alongside its affiliate  EMX Digital Inc. on Wednesday.AdExchanger has learned that EMX shut down most operations and let go almost all of its employees as of Thursday  according to a source familiar with the matter who asked to remain anonymous.A small skeleton crew remains employed at EMX  but it is unclear whether the company will continue business in some capacity as it navigates through the bankruptcy process.EMX failed to pay its publisher partners  possibly as far back as January 2022  the source said. As of last month  50% of publishers had cut off their relationship with EMX’s platform due to non-payment  although the marketplace was still honoring bid requests from advertisers.According to the source  it’s unclear which entity operating under Big Village’s umbrella owned the debt that accrued as a result of publisher nonpayments.Big Village is backed by venture capital firm Lake Capital Partners  which was responsible for the decision to file for bankruptcy. Lake Capital had been looking for a buyer but was unable to secure one.AdExchanger reached out to Big Village for comment but did not receive a response in time for publication.Big Village was previously known as ENGINE before its rebrand in June 2022. EMX was founded in 2018  when ENGINE acquired automated ad marketplace bRealTime and data platform Clearstream and combined them into a single entity to power its programmatic business.Correction 2/9/23: This article originally said ad agency Trailer Park Group was part of Big Village’s bankruptcy filing. Trailer Park Group was sold to Erie Street Growth Partners and Origami Capital Partners in August 2021 and was not impacted by this filing.,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Big Village', 'EMX File', 'Bankruptcy', 'ad agency Trailer Park Group', 'Erie Street Growth Partners', 'New York-based parent company', 'Digital ad marketplace', 'small skeleton crew', 'automated ad marketplace', 'venture capital firm', 'Origami Capital Partners', 'Lake Capital Partners', 'ENGINE Media Exchange', 'EMX Digital Inc.', 'publisher partners', 'Big Village', 'Chapter 11 petition', 'most operations', 'last month', 'bid requests', 'publisher nonpayments', 'bankruptcy process', 'data platform', 'single entity', 'programmatic business', 'bankruptcy filing', 'affiliate', 'Wednesday', 'AdExchanger', 'employees', 'Thursday', 'source', 'matter', 'capacity', 'January', 'publishers', 'relationship', 'advertisers', 'umbrella', 'debt', 'result', 'decision', 'buyer', 'one', 'comment', 'response', 'time', 'publication', 'rebrand', 'June', 'Clearstream', 'Correction', 'article', 'August']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,adexchanger.com
18078,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4577000-deutsche-borse-ag-dboey-q4-2022-earnings-call-transcript,Deutsche Borse AG (DBOEY) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Deutsche Borse AG (OTCPK:DBOEY) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 9  2023 8:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsJan Strecker - Head of IRTheodor Weimer - Chief Executive OfficerGregor...,Deutsche Borse AG (OTCPK:DBOEY) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 9  2023 8:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsJan Strecker - Head of IRTheodor Weimer - Chief Executive OfficerGregor Pottmeyer - Chief Financial OfficerConference Call ParticipantsHaley Tam - Credit SuisseAndrew Coombs - CitiMike Werner - UBSBenjamin Goy - Deutsche BankTom Mills - JefferiesGregory Simpson - BNP Paribas ExaneBruce Hamilton - Morgan StanleyPhilip Middleton - Bank of AmericaJohannes Thormann - HSBCKyle Voigt - KBWEnrico Bolzoni - JPMorganIan White - Autonomous ResearchTobias Lukesch - Kepler CheuvreuxRoland Pfnder - ODDO BHFOperatorGood afternoon  ladies and gentlemen  and welcome to the Deutsche Borse AG Analyst and Investor Conference Call regarding the Q4 and Full-Year 2022 Results. At this time  all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode. And the floor will be open for your questions following the presentation.Let me now turn the floor over to Mr. Jan Strecker.Jan StreckerWelcome  ladies and gentlemen  and thank you for joining us today to go through our preliminary 2022 results  as well as the outlook for 2023.With me are Theodor Weimer  Chief Executive Officer; and Gregor Pottmeyer  Chief Financial Officer. Theodor and Gregor will take you through the presentation. And afterwards  we will be happy to take your questions. The link to the presentation material for this call has been sent out via e-mail and they can also be downloaded from the Investor Relations section of our website. As usual  this conference call is recorded and will be available for replay afterwards.With this  let me now hand over to you  Theodor.Theodor WeimerThank you  Jan. Also welcome from my side  ladies and gentlemen. Let me start the call today with a review of the exceptional development of the year 2022. We did not only significantly overachieve our original guidance for the year  but reached already the targets we have set ourselves for this year and our Compass 2023 strategic plan.The year turned out to be quite different from what we had initially expected. Our expectation was for continued growth out of own efforts by addressing the secular trends in our industry. So steady steps towards our mid-term goals. At least it was the plan. But reality was different. Initially  it was to market volatility in the context of the terrible war in Ukraine. Throughout the year  we then saw the corresponding implications on European energy markets. And finally  spiking inflation rates have resulted in swift actions by central banks around the globe and significantly increasing interest rates.In this environment  characterized by uncertainty  we are a trusted and reliable party for our clients to manage and hedge their exposures. This has resulted in  by far  the highest level of cyclical growth we have seen in a long time. Cyclical net revenue growth contributed 14 percentage points out of the overall net revenue growth of 24%. But it was also very encouraging to see the continued secular net revenue growth  which amounted to 7%. This is really the result of the many initiatives to win new clients and market share  as well as introducing new products and services over the last couple of years.The development in 2022 also underscores the quality of our business portfolio. The strong results are not just driven by single businesses  but by double-digit net revenue growth in almost all business lines. Since the development in 2022 by far exceeded our initial expectations  we revised our initial guidance of around EUR3.8 billion upwards throughout the year and have now also exceeded the last guidance of more than EUR4.1 billion by a clear margin.The implementation of our Compass 2023 strategic plan has further improved our position and potential for ongoing sustainable growth as you can see on page two of our presentation. Consistent secular net revenue growth with a 6% CAGR  since 2019 has become the key pillar of our growth strategy. And most importantly  we have achieved this in all different kinds of market environments.We have successfully executed and integrated our M&A initiatives since 2019  and we see further opportunities in the pipeline. This has made M&A a reliable addition to our organic growth aspirations. M&A has helped to strengthen our proposition in Data & Analytics and position us as one of the top three global ESG data providers. This has also led to an increase of the share of recurring revenues to around 60%.Tokenization and digitization are very important trends for us. And we started to lay the foundation to expand into new asset classes and service offerings with a number of different initiatives. This will be accelerated by the strategic partnership with Google Cloud that we announced today.In terms of the financial progress of Compass 2023 on page three  it is fair to say that we achieved our financial targets already one year earlier than planned. As you will recall  our target was to grow net revenues and EBITDA at 10% CAGR between 2019 and 2023. But so far  the actual net revenue growth amounted to 14% CAGR and the EBITDA growth to 15% CAGR even.In terms of the different growth components  stronger-than-expected secular growth compensated to slightly lower contribution from M&A  and cyclicality became a significant tailwind we previously did not expect. As a result  we already achieved the EUR4.3 billion net revenue last year  which we had originally targeted for 2023.With that  let me hand over to you  Gregor.Gregor PottmeyerThank you  Theodor. On page four  we show the details of the preliminary results for the full-year. The financial performance throughout the year was very positive with the fourth quarter even being the strongest one from a net revenue perspective. The main drivers for the strong performance shifted somewhat during the year. In the first half  the development was driven more by market volatility  whereas in the second half  we saw increasing benefits from higher interest rates.The operating cost development during the full-year  you see on page five  has been stronger compared to our initial expectation. But we think this was due to a combination of factors that was very specific to 2022. Firstly  M&A effects contributed 4% to cost growth. They were still mainly driven by the ISS acquisition in 2021. Secondly  the FX effect from the stronger U.S. dollar resulted in a 3% operating cost increase. But at the same time  this FX effect was also beneficial to the net revenue development  particularly in Data & Analytics. This brings us to the more meaningful constant currency organic operating cost growth of 10%.On the one hand  it was driven by inflationary effects from building operations  general purchasing and higher staff costs. On the other hand  we had to continue to increase the provisions for variable and share-based compensation in light of the favorable financial development and relative share price performance. In addition  we saw higher IT and growth investments  as well as higher travel and marketing costs  compared to the depressed situation in 2021 resulting from the pandemic.This brings me to the details of the fourth quarter results on page six of the presentation. While the secular growth developed broadly in line with our expectations  cyclical tailwinds remained very strong. The cyclical growth was driven  in particular  by further increasing interest rates and the continued high levels of collaterals in our clearing houses.The M&A effects  again  had minor impact in the fourth quarter  since they were only driven by some of the smaller  more recent acquisitions. The explanation I just provided on the operating cost development for the full-year  you can generally also be applied to the fourth quarter. While the M&A impact on the operating cost has become smaller  compared to the previous quarters  the impact from the stronger U.S. dollar continued to be quite meaningful.The constant currency organic operating cost growth again  was mainly driven by inflation. This item also includes the inflation compensation bonus we paid across the group in December  amounting to around EUR20 million. The aim was to bring some of the inflationary pressure forward into 2022.The EBITDA in the fourth quarter included a negative result from financial investments  which is mainly an FX effect on the valuation of Clarity AI  compared to the third quarter and lower valuation of some of the fintech funds. Depreciation and amortization included one-off effect from smaller software impairments. And the financial result included a positive FX effect.I'm now turning to the quarterly results of the segments  starting with Data & Analytics on page seven. We continue to see very good organic net revenue growth in the segment. This was mainly driven by the continuing trend towards ESG  which resulted in higher demand for our products and services. Analytics net revenue was stronger  compared to the preceding quarters. But in Q4 ’21  we had much higher point-in-time revenues from new client contracts. The other line  which is mainly the ISS Market Intelligence business  still included some inorganic growth from the acquisition of Discovery Data.Index includes around EUR20 million relating to a volume-based license fee reimbursement from Eurex. This is a large number because it was applied retrospectively for ‘21 and ‘22. You can see the corresponding volume-related costs in index derivatives net revenue in the Trading & Clearing segment. So it's almost neutral from the group's perspective. Most of our direct U.S. dollar exposure is in the Data & Analytics segment  from the ISS and Axioma subsidiaries. But the constant currency net revenue growth in the fourth quarter was still very strong with around 16%.Let me turn to slide eight  the Trading & Clearing segment. We saw some normalization of market volatility in the fourth quarter. However  hedging needs in asset classes  like fixed income  gas and foreign exchange continue to be high. In financial derivatives at Eurex  the improving equity market condition resulted in some decline of demand for index derivatives. But interest rate derivatives and the OTC clearing continued to perform well. In addition  collateral levels in the clearinghouse continue to be on an elevated level  broadly in line with the third quarter.In commodities  we achieved another record quarter  because of the increased trading and hedging needs of our clients in gas products and due to the higher margin fees. While the power trading activity has somewhat recovered  compared to the second and third quarter  the high margin requirements are still a burn for our clients. In January this year  we have seen collateral levels coming down quite meaningfully. This should generally be good for volumes  in particular  in power derivatives.In the cash equity business  we continue to see headwinds from elevated levels of retail participation in 2021 and lower equity market volatility towards the end of last year  but market share levels have started to recover since December. As a result of higher currency volatility  the demand for our FX products continue to be elevated  and we again  achieved a very strong quarter.In the Fund Services segment on page nine  the continued onboarding of new clients and funds more or less offset the cyclical headwinds from the market performance compared to the very strong equity market at the end of 2021. In addition  we saw the inorganic contribution of the Kneip acquisition  which was closed at the end of March. In the operating expense base of the segment  we saw a few bigger effects in the quarter. They related to the integration of Kneip and the carve-out of the Fund Services business from Clearstream  which will be completed in 2023.Our Securities Services segment on slide 10  saw a significant acceleration of growth in the fourth quarter. Headwinds from equity market performance and lower retail participation were overcompensated by solid levels of fixed income issuance activity  some effects on assets under custody denominated in U.S. dollar and the collateral management business with a growth of more than 30%. In addition  the net interest income has increased almost ten-fold compared to last year. This was driven by much higher U.S. interest rates and increasing European interest rates. Furthermore  the cash balances have continue to increase compared to the preceding quarters.This brings me to our dividend proposal for 2022 on page 11. Our proposal combines an increase of the dividend by 13% to EUR3.60  with a further reduction of the payout ratio. We are planning to reinvest the remaining recurring free cash into the business to support our M&A strategy and thus  further improve our secular and recurring growth components.With that  let me hand back to you  Theodor  to present our outlook for 2023.Theodor WeimerThank you  Gregor. Despite an extremely strong year 2022  we expect to achieve further growth in 2023 as well. We expect the secular trends  like the move from OTC to on-exchange trend towards passive investing  or higher demand for it’s cheaper [Indiscernible] outsourcing the funds industry to continue to support our organic growth. Our diversified business model and a track record over the years gives us a lot of confidence that we will continue to deliver on the secular side of the equation.With regard to the potential cyclical development  the net interest income in Security Services is clearly expected to continue to grow quite substantially  but the comparables in Trading & Clearing are generally high  and volume and volatility patterns might be somewhat different this year. Who knows? We continue to expect to complement organic growth with M&A  and the environment has also improved slightly over the last couple of quarters. But at the same time  we are patient when it comes to finding the best solutions with regards to strategic fit and financial terms.We will manage operating costs effectively  depending on the net revenue development and thus  have some flexibility to offset potential cyclical headwinds. We will continue to invest in new technologies to improve our operating efficiency and tap into new revenue opportunities in the longer-term. We have already set new standards with our multi-cloud strategy that we started a couple of years ago. Already around 35% of our IT operations today are running in the public cloud.As we announced this morning  we have entered into a 10-year strategic partnership with Google Cloud. Google Cloud will be our preferred partner to enhance and economize our cloud adoption. We are targeting a public cloud exposure of around 70%  7-0 percent  over time. In addition  we will be launching joint projects to accelerate the development of new and innovative platforms. Examples are the acceleration of the development of our digital securities platform D7  for post-trading and the joint buildup of a completely new digital-as-a-platform for new asset classes. So we'll cover both the securities part as well as the new asset class part.Information Technology is at the core of our DNA  and to not only meet  but anticipate customer demand is key for us. But to be very clear  our core infrastructure is state-of-the-art and not affected by the partnership. And our cooperations  especially low latency trading and clearing systems will remain on-premise.In terms of effective steering  we will maintain an active portfolio management  a great further strategic optionality. One example is the new organizational setup of securities and Fund Services that will be completed this year. Overall  we are targeting net revenue of between EUR4.5 billion and EUR4.7 billion and EBITDA of between EUR2.6 billion and EUR2.8 billion for 2023. Our guidance is mainly based on continued secular growth. The range reflects different potential cyclical scenarios  including market volatility and interest rates against high comparables.Since we achieved our Compass 2023 goals already last year  we have already kicked off and started working on a new strategic plan. We plan to present our thoughts on the evaluation of our strategy at the Investor Day this year  which is scheduled for June 28. We are looking forward to welcome many of you here in Frankfurt.This concludes our presentation. We are now looking forward to your questions. Thank you.Question-and-Answer SessionOperator[Operator Instructions] And first up is Haley Tam from Credit Suisse. Over to you.Haley TamHello. Thank you very much for taking my question and congratulations on a strong set of results. Can I ask a question about the 2023 revenue and EBITDA guidance you've given us? It is very clear that you've tried to think about the cyclical scenarios  as well as the secular growth? But could you help us understand the parameters of that guidance. So for example  what assumptions you might have made regarding Clearstream collateral balances for the Fed fund ECB rate pathways and the likelihood of any sharing of net interest income uplift with your users? Thank you very much.Gregor PottmeyerYes. Thanks  Haley. Obviously  for this question  everybody's interested in what are the parameters for our guidance  right? So to say it's quite simple  right? So the midpoint is roughly a 6% increase  so the EUR4.6 billion  compared to 2022. And that's basically exactly the secular growth component we expect  so that is the very easy answer.To go into the next level  there will be most probably pluses and minus from a cyclical aspect. So a big plus  obviously  we will see on our NII specifically or Clearstream  obviously. But there are some questions or the potential minus on the Trading & Clearing as we had highest volatility levels in 2022. So with volatility levels of 25 to 30  and so the current level is roughly 20. So obviously  that's less compared to last year. So most probably that will balance out from our perspective and what we basically include in our guidance.With regard to the customer cash balances  as you explicitly mentioned that for the NII calculation at Clearstream. So the good thing is that the cash balances did not reduce so far. It's still in the EUR18 billion level  and that's obviously good to see. And indeed  in our forecasting  we had assumed that the cash balances would go down a little bit  right? So this did not happen so far. That's obviously good.But doing now this forecasting  we still assume with this increased rates  and rates will continue to increase following the Fed announcement and the ECB announcement  right? There will be pressure from a customer perspective to  on the one hand side  potentially reduce the customer cash balances. On the other hand side  to -- that we share some of the revenues. Therefore  we did roughly a 20% discount in our calculation.OperatorSo now we're coming to the next questionnaire  who is Andrew Coombs from Citi.Andrew CoombsGood morning. Thank you for that. If I turn to Eurex  interested in your thoughts on the benefits from the recent repricing initiatives you've done from the 1st of January. I can see some of the pricing on the stock that's being on the future contracts. And in CME  in their recent results  they're talking about a 4% to 5% increase in aggregate. So anything you can say on pricing and what the implications are for Eurex revenues this year? Thank you.Gregor PottmeyerYes. Thanks  Andrew. Obviously  you are perfectly right. And it's public knowledge  obviously  that we increased pricing at our Eurex product  beginning from January 1. So the impact on the Eurex revenue is roughly 3%  right? So that's obviously much more what we usually do. So our guidance overall is roughly some 1% price increase in average for Deutsche Borse group level  right?So -- and now this Eurex increase is quite close to the 1% on group level. But we use  obviously  the timing and the high inflation from 2022. And obviously  it does not disappear in 2023. So it was reasonable for us to do a little bit more  compared to things we did in the past but we do it always with market consultation. And so far  this price increase was accepted by market participants.Andrew CoombsThank you.OperatorNext up is Mike Werner from UBS.Mike WernerThank you very much for the opportunity to ask question. Just talking about the potential for M&A. Theodor  I think you mentioned in a couple  three or four months ago that from an M&A perspective  you were telling your team that you're going to hold off on doing new M&A. You thought prices  I think  were set to fall further. The bid ask spread  probably too narrow. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about M&A at the time right now? How does that bid-ask spread come in? And do you see a lot of opportunities? Are you getting a lot of incomings from potential targets? Thank you.Theodor WeimerThank you  Mike  for the question. Substantially  our stance hasn't changed dramatically to the last time we saw and the public multiples were coming down on the private side -- private capital side. We see lots of interest to talk  because people still believe they can sell off their assets at a very high multiple. And of course  people need to understand that the weighted average cost of capital has significantly increase. And therefore  we all play this in the discussions.But to be very clear  we see continued inbound calls. We have certain criteria  which we need to fulfill  right? And we are also very  very careful  right  to look into the potential acquisition targets from a very balanced point of view  strategically and financially balanced. What do I mean by this? It's very clear  our margin perfectly  EBITDA margin  which is fortunately extremely high  and we will continue to keep high margins  right? That is actually a promise on our side.On the other side  we want to grow. If you want to grow  you can grow organically or you can inorganically  leaving aside a cyclical part  right? And therefore  if you want to grow  and organically  if you want to go into deals  what we are potentially ready to do  then you have to take into consideration that whenever you do a deal  it will be per se and [Indiscernible] margin dilutive  right  margin dilutive  which is a big hurdle we have to overcome. So that is more expensive. Equity is anyway is expensive  right? And then you've got the margin dilution.Therefore  we are very careful  right  how to deal with such situations. And as I said this morning during the press conference of the presentation of the full-year numbers  for me  as soon as we are getting into larger deals or potentially larger deals  right  since the effect is so big on the financials  I need to get into -- we need to get into situations where the synergy potential is pretty high  right? That is how we approach the situation.And last but not least  right? We are completely agnostic  right? Don't get us wrong  right? We think we can go for M&A  but we are not desperate  right? And if we compare at the end of the day  right  M&A deals towards other alternatives  right  and there's a full spectrum  M&A on the one hand side  the other hand side is  I would say  share buybacks  right? So we take it completely agnostic. We want to do the best for the investors. That's our determination.Mike WernerAnd just a quick follow-up  if you don't mind. Your weighted average cost of capital internally  what is it for you guys now? And how does that compare to  let's say  back in 2021?Gregor PottmeyerYes  Mike  obviously  our WACC increased as it increased for the whole industry due to the increase. And it depends  obviously  the WACC we take  when we do for M&A  depends in which business we invest in which region  in which maturity level  right? So it's different overall. On group level  our WACC is roughly 7%.Mike WernerThank you.OperatorThe next question comes from Benjamin Goy from Deutsche Bank.Benjamin GoyYes  hi. Good afternoon. One question on ISS  please. I was wondering on the number of covered corporates  what are the plans for '23 and how this could impact the client acquisition going forward? Thank you.Theodor WeimerWe didn't quite catch it. So you mean the number of clients at ISSBenjamin GoyI noted the number of covered corporate. So will you have a...Gregor PottmeyerI understand. Okay. Now  I got it. Sorry  Benjamin. Yes  we make good progress  right? So the number increased from roughly 7 000 to 7 800  right  as we hired 100 analyst research guys in Manila. And so far  we made good progress  but we are still not there where we want to be  right? So we still need  let's say  another 800 to cover the full spectrum  what is needed  right? And therefore  we are still working on this topic in ‘23 as a high priority for us. The latest  end of 2023  we have all the capabilities at our hands so that we cover our customer needs. And then we have much better opportunities to increase our market share here.With regard to the quality  customers are very satisfied  are happy with our ratings. They are even better  the quality  compared to our competitors. And so  if you have catched-up here on the number of corporate rating  I think we are very well positioned to gain additional market share.Benjamin GoyThank you.OperatorThe next question comes from Tom Mills from Jefferies.Tom MillsHi  good afternoon. I had a quick question on your Fund Services business. Obviously  you alluded to the sort of step down in profitability that you saw in 4Q. Could you say perhaps how you might expect that profitability to be impacted throughout ‘23 as you go through the remainder of the carve-out of that business? And will it take the whole sort of 12 months  do you think  to be done? And if you wanted to do M&A in this space  would it sort of require completion of that carve-out before you kind of consider doing it?Gregor PottmeyerYes  Tom. Good question with regard to our Fund Services business. And it's obviously that the profitability decreased in 2022  but there are good reason for that. So first  you are aware that we carve out basically the business out of the Clearstream overall organization  due to the fact that clients are different  processes are different  systems are different. So it makes us more focused and more agile.Secondly  we've got now a new banking license  right  for that kind of business to increase our product and offer spectrum. So that is obviously an important thing. Then thirdly  we are in the process to build up a new banking account system here. So having this banking license  also having a proper contract management system here in place. So that's the reason why 2022 and 2023 is elevated from a cost perspective.In addition  we acquired the Funds Data business or the Kneip business  what was not really profitable so far. So we do also here some restructuring and reorganization. And this will take also a little bit time. So overall  I expect 2023 also due to our project work that the cost will be on an increased level.But from a top line perspective  we are quite confident that we will come back to double-digit growth or even mid-teens growth in 2023 due to our strong pipeline  what we acquired and with all the signed contracts. So we really expect coming back in 2023 with double-digit growth here in our Fund Services business. And overall  the targeted EBITDA margin  including all costs will be in the range of 55%.Tom MillsAnd just on the M&A point there  does the sort of restructuring work over the course of ‘23 prevent you from doing additional M&A?Theodor WeimerThank you  Tom  for the question  right? And it's good that you're insisting here. So from a CEO point of view  the following  right? Generally speaking  the carve-out process will not limit our ability  right? We are so far progressed that we could move ahead  right  with partnering. The idea of carving out the ISS business and the Clearstream business was  at the end of the day  to enhance our ability for strategic partnerships  right?And it is  at the end of the day  an optionality for us to do something. An optionality does not necessarily mean that we take -- that we go for the option  to be very clear. This has -- we have many others -- many other dimensions  which we needed to balance. It's a strategic balance. It's a financial capability. It's the other side as always. It's a strategic fit. It's the financial fit. And so for that  I don't want to go too much in detail.But I think at the end of the day  a key driver for this year or in this company is great optionality  don't let yourself -- don't get into a situation that you feel pushed to do an M&A deal. That's always the worst thing  what can happen. And therefore  we take this very calm. And we have -- and that's a good position. We have many optionalities on the table  right  be it strategically  be it financially  right? And at the end of the day  that is what we are doing here  and that is what we can share with you.Tom MillsThanks very much  Theodor and Gregor.OperatorNext up is Gregory Simpson from BNP Paribas Exane.Gregory SimpsonHi  thank you for taking my questions. And just would like to ask about the margin fees of Eurex and EEX  which has seen a lot of growth in 2022 due to cash flow levels. Can you help frame where collateral levels are right now versus peak? What could be sustainable levels? And linked to that  is there any feedback you're hearing from participants in the EEX now energy prices have fallen? Do you think volumes can kind of grow from here as people going to come back? Any color would be great.Gregor PottmeyerYes. Thanks  Gregory. So starting with EEX. So obviously  in 2022  we have seen highest volatility  so price increases of 10 times and even more. And as a result  we asked for high margins  right? So before the crisis  we had some EUR5 billion margins in our clearinghouse. And in peak times  we had even above EUR100 billion. So on average  it was roughly EUR50 billion in 2022. And now in January  it comes back to a level of a little bit above EUR20 billion. So that's the EUR20 billion we also assume as our base case assumption for us for the full year 2023.With regard to Eurex here  we have also seen increased volatility and increased margins  but there are different reasons for this increased margins. It's not just pure volatility. It's also due to our secular growth  specifically in our interest rate for business. So therefore  we do not expect that the margins will materially go down. I would assume a little bit go down  but not as significantly as -- at EEX.Gregory SimpsonThank you. Maybe just a quick follow-up  if that's okay. What's the amount of assets under administration on the fund distribution business? I think it was less about EUR400 billion. What are we today? And also the timing of the large client win  HSBC? Thank you.Gregor PottmeyerSo the assets under management in our funds business is around EUR400 billion.Gregory SimpsonAnd in HSBC that is imminent or...Gregor PottmeyerThis will obviously increase with that level when it's finalized. So it's not included in that number. It will increase.Gregory SimpsonThank you.OperatorNext up is Bruce Hamilton from Morgan Stanley.Bruce HamiltonHi  good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions  answer the presentation. Just going back to M&A. I mean  obviously  you're in quite a good position. Just to check  I think your net debt to EBITDA now is in the low 1s  around 1.2 or 1.3  if you could just confirm. And if you could remind us  I think when you consider deals and what the credit rating will sort of give flexibility for that would allow you to go to say sort of 2.5 times. I'm just trying to understand what the existing sort of flexibility is to do deals because it seems like there's quite a lot?And then in terms of the  I guess  within your strategic growth priorities and given what's happened to pricing  is there any particular area that's kind of looking more interesting as you sit here today  be it data  Fund Services  post trade or trading? Anything in terms of perhaps the skew of what's coming across in terms of incoming that might be interesting? Thanks.Theodor WeimerSo Bruce  thanks for your question. Starting with the first one. So indeed  our rating relevant KPIs net debt to EBITDA  decreased to 1.2. And I think you are aware that the threshold for AA rating is 1.75. So if you do the math  it's more than EUR1 billion  obviously  flexibility here.But I would like to comment a little bit more general on our financial flexibility. So for an M&A transaction  so the funding  the refinancing is not a limitation for Deutsche Borse. The reason for that is  okay  of course  today  we have some even more flexibility. Then our cash generation is very  very big and very quickly. Obviously  in 2022  we have some cash flow of more than EUR2 billion  right? So that's obviously big number. And here  you can see the financial power we can create out of our increased cash flow over time.Then from an M&A perspective  we are also very open  how does the performance look like. So if we bring in an asset  so we don't have to pay additional money or to increase our debt or equity level. So we are very flexible with regard to that format  and we have already done such deals. And obviously  we have also some equity authorization from our AGM. And in my discussion with investors  they tell us if there's a good asset with good quality and if it's financially attractive and then we are also flexible to support you with additional equity. And therefore  that's in basically our summary that funding is not a limited factor in -- for an M&A deal.Secondly  or the other way around from going from the liability side to the asset side. So where do we want to invest? So our priorities are basically unchanged. So priority number one is our Data & Analytics business  where we have seen big investments over the last three to five years. This Axioma  this ISS and so on just to tell the most prominent one. And so  we are still missing some capabilities here  and we are very open to do deals in that area  again  when it makes financial leasing  when it makes from a strategic perspective and sense.The second area where you have seen M&A transaction from us  and we potentially will continue to see is in the investment Fund Services business where the customer is always the choice to connect to our platform  to outsource or even to sell the business  right? And we are very flexible with all of these three formats. And this customer decides to sell the business for us  and then we show this as an M&A transaction. And so  Fund Services is really continue to be of high interest for Deutsche Borse.Bruce HamiltonGreat. Thank you very much.OperatorThe next question comes from Philip Middleton from the Bank of America.Philip MiddletonHey  good afternoon and thank you for that call. You've talked a little bit about inflation in respect to Eurex. But I wondered  could you talk us through how you see pricing moving in the rest of your portfolio  including obviously the data businesses and beyond. What -- how much inflation can you pass through apart from the Eurex segment  please?Gregor PottmeyerYes. Thanks  Philip. Obviously  we do that in all of our business segments  right? If you see that high inflation of 8% to 10%  basically now not just for 12-months  most probably even for a longer time horizon then is natural as all the pricing increases around us that we also increase our pricing here. And basically  we did some price increases in all our business segments across the board here. And it's not always a direct price increase  so increasing some fees. It's also some volume rebates where you do some optimization and so on. So overall  it's again  it's more than 1% and price increase in closer to 2%.But looking forward  right  normalization  our general target is not to focus on price increase. Obviously  our focus is to get additional liquidity and to increase our market share. So that's by far our most important intention. And these are just temporary effects what we use as we see high inflation last year and most probably also this year.Philip MiddletonOkay  thank you very much.OperatorThe next question comes from Johannes Thormann from HSBC.Johannes ThormannGood afternoon  everybody. [Indiscernible] First of all  a follow-up question on the NII sharing with customers. We are now at a level which you previously did not ever expect to see and then probably where you would also think that customers would be unhappy about it. How much revenue sharing do we -- or should we put into our models from the next rate hikes? Should we expect that the customer gets all of the rate increases? 50%? What's your gut feeling?And then my question is mainly on the OTC clearing now. Could you -- because this is getting hidden in the fixed income derivatives business. Can you elaborate a bit more on progress on market share and especially the revenue generation in that business? And then what's your view on June 2025 when -- how do you expect the commission to decide. To prolong or to cut the clearing agreement?Gregor PottmeyerYes. Thanks  Johannes. With regard to the NII topic  I think  I covered that already  but we'll repeat it. So there's open -- so you can do some technical calculation  right? So starting with the EUR18 billion customer cash balances  50% is U.S. dollar  35% is euro  15% other currencies. So far  we did not lose any of these customer cash balances that even slightly increased. But nevertheless  as the rate starts to continue to increase  so it's a question whether these customer cash balances go down? And secondly  whether there is additional pressure with regard to revenue sharing?So far  we do not share revenues  right? And so far  the balances did not decrease. So far  so good. But you have to consider this increased pressure. And therefore  we calculated in our base case scenario  some 20% discount to the technical numbers you could calculate. And how it develops and how it contributes with regard to reduced cash balances or revenue share  we do not know. It's just a 20% discount roughly. So that would be our best guess today. So that's the first question.The second question around the euro clearing. So far  we made the progress as expected. So we have EUR31 trillion notional outstanding volume that translates in a market share of roughly 20%. The net revenue  we got from the OTC clearing space was in 2022 more than EUR90 million. So we guided some five years ago  EUR50 million to EUR70 million  and we achieved the EUR60 million  the midpoint in ‘21. But in 2022  increased more than 50%  more than EUR90 million. And we are quite confident that we will continue to significantly grow that kind of business.Yes  there was a delay of the regulation by three years  unfortunately  from June 2022 to June 2025. But on the other hand side  we see clear direction from EU commission and also from ECB  so that they really expect that the euro clearing will be increasingly managed within the Eurozone office in the EU. And therefore  currently in this draft legislation  we talk about an active account  right? That it's not accepted anymore  but they just build the connectivity to the platform so that they really use it.And currently  out of our 600 customers that are onboarded at Eurex clearing  roughly 300 or 50% is inactive. And if you see here now some movements also pushed by some expectations from EU commission and ECB  that would obviously significantly help us. On top  we did this kind of activation program for some incentivation  we decided to introduce that. So there's an additional incentive for market participants to join our platform. So overall  we are quite confident that you will see continued growth already this year but also in ‘24 and ‘25.Johannes ThormannThank you.OperatorNext up is Kyle Voigt from KBW.Kyle VoigtHi  thank you for taking my question. With respect to the cloud partnership you announced today  can you just talk about the key revenue opportunities that you see coming from this partnership? You noted that  at a minimum  this could significantly help your data distribution?And then how quickly do you think we -- that you would be in a position to launch new products as a result of the cloud migration? Should we be thinking about that as an opportunity in year one or year two of that cloud partnership? Or even further out than that?Theodor WeimerI'll take this one  Kyle. Firstly  we have entered into this partnership with a clear path to develop the digital asset platform  right? And therefore  the new asset losses need to emerge. And as a CEO and as ExCo  we have the obligation  right  to stay ahead of the curve because we are the leading European capital market infrastructure provider  right? And I think it's our obligation to be ahead of the curve. Something is cooking out there. You see in the United States  lots of new asset classes are coming. You see  especially on the real estate side  trading and so forth  right? So it's pretty clear this is more than just noise at the far horizon.When this will emerge and how it will emerge  nobody knows. The old rule is you overestimated the effect for the first 12-months  right? You underestimate the effect for the first five years  right? That's where we stand. So we go into this partnership with Google Cloud  we will develop this IT digitized based as a platform  right? And then  right  it is -- yes  if you have the opportunity  if there is the supply there  if the product -- if the IT capability is there  then this will create demand  right? That it will create demand  right? So we are working on the product offering  and this will ultimately translate in business  right?We have not yet factored in anything for the year 2023. You will hear a little bit more about this and our plans during the Capital Market Day and the strategy  but we affected in nothing  simply nothing  right? Of course  right  taking at the end of the day  we get software development capacities  we get all the access to the Google Cloud people  right? So we are here. We will set up a new asset platform  both for the new asset classes  and we'll accelerate our already existing D7 platform  right?And what we are currently making out of D7 is a negligible number in the overall context of what we are doing. This is an investment. And we didn't go out to the investors to ask for a 3 digit million of investment  right? We went out and asked  right  how -- what can we do? How can we partner with somebody? That's how you have to perceive this situation.Kyle VoigtThank you.OperatorThe next question comes from Enrico Bolzoni from JPMorgan.Enrico BolzoniHi  thank you. Just a follow-up on M&A. I just wanted to know if you would consider  if an opportunity arises  also more transformational deals rather than just maybe bolt-on deals? I'm thinking  especially in the Fund Services business or general in the non  let's say  traditional exchange part of the business. Thank you.Theodor WeimerThank you  Enrico  for this question  right? And my apologies for not laying out our full M&A strategy here. I think that is not appropriate. But one thing is for sure  right? We do not start  we do not exclude any kind of deals per se  right? Given the situation we are in  right  given the financial constraints we are having in terms of dilution of EPS  right? There's only very few transformation leads out there  which are striking to us  right?And if you simply look into what we've done  this string of pearls  how we are doing our strategy piece by piece  right? We can do larger deals  but it also depends on what is the definition of a transformational deal  right? One thing is for sure  I'm not out there and talking about  can I do a type of a merger of equals  whatever  yes  you have in your mind stuff. That is not what we are doing.Enrico BolzoniThanks.OperatorAnd now we have Ian White from Autonomous Research on the line.Ian WhiteHi  thanks for taking the presentation. Just a few short follow-ups for me  please  if that's okay? First up  can you just share any CapEx expectations for us for 2023  please?And secondly  maybe just if I could ask a bit more detail around the thinking in relation to the Google agreement. It sounds  like you're not considering  at this stage  migrating your sort of core trading technology to the cloud. And I think some of your global peers are sort of going down that route. Could you just explain your thinking around that? Is that something that you might consider in the future? Or is it completely off the table  please?And just finally  on Axioma. Can you just explain  kind of  the outlook for that business place? I think growth has been a bit weaker in that side of the Data & Analytics business this year. Is there kind of some change you can make on the sales side or a more attractive pipeline for 2023  please? Thank you.Gregor PottmeyerYes. So I'll start with the CapEx question  2023. So it's roughly EUR300 million. With regard to the Axioma outlook  we think in 2023  we have a reasonable chance to come back to higher growth rates. Whether it's double digit  we will see  but the pipeline so far looks quite promising.Theodor WeimerOn the Google agreement  Ian  the following. Firstly  we have coinvented with some others if I may say so  the electronification of the trading systems  right? And we have been a protagonist there. Later on  we have been a protagonist with the futurization  which is the derivative part and where we are now having a top three position at least  right  at least. And now we see  right  the next S-curve  right  if I may use this term  the next S-curve is the new asset class digitization  right? And therefore  it's very clear that is what we are going for.We will not touch the low latency situation on trading guide  why should we? We are good. We are -- quite frankly  we are top  whatever we are. At least we are ahead of the bunch  right  should I include this into this context. Others have different strategies. Others have different starting positions. Others have different business models  right? I do not care too much about others. I care about what is best fit for us  right  on this side. And we are completely convinced that this innovation part of it together with the data strategy that is the best fit for us.Ian WhiteOkay. Thanks very much.OperatorAnd the next question comes from Tobias Lukesch from Kepler Cheuvreux.Tobias LukeschYes  good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Finally  coming to cost. I was wondering  if I take your cost base this year  and you said you were quite successful actually preempting some of the costs in ‘23 already in ‘22 also inflation-linked  you potentially have -- will not have such a high compensation effect maybe in 2023. I was wondering if we go with the secular growth and apply kind of 6% cost growth  if you agree to come out in  let's say  1.85 space?And then in the second step  I was wondering how much of OpEx? You mentioned additional spending in the fund service space  like this year -- well ‘22. How much this would potentially add? And potentially also some further investments in the technology you mentioned. So is this something which is potentially significantly above spending we have seen in earlier years? Or would you think this is more or less in line? Thank you.Gregor PottmeyerYes  Tobias. As you can derive from our guidance  right? So our guidance on the cost base is roughly EUR1.9 billion  right? So just subtracting net revenues and EBITDA  okay? There are some financial results in between but  let's say  the EUR1.9 billion  and that's a 4% cost increase  or 4% to 5%. And so  our message is that in 2023  we will come back to the guidance we always gave. So for roughly 5% plus secular growth  we need roughly some up to 5% cost increase  and that's exactly what is included in our guidance. And so far  we are quite confident that we are able to achieve this target.And the 17% cost increase you have seen for 2022  there were really some specific effects related to year 2022. I don't want to repeat all of the reasons. And the majority or a bulk of that will disappear in 2023. So that gives us also the chance  and I gave already the number of CapEx  roughly EUR300 million that we can do reasonable investments to continue to grow with our business.Tobias LukeschYes. Thanks  Gregor. However  if I calculate basically on  let's say  a bit of a clean cost base that you see get to 8%. And I was just wondering if you this time  like potentially are a bit more vigilant on the cost side. But I understand you that a kind of EUR1.9 billion figure is something you have in focus  and it will be kind of -- sure on that. Thank you.Gregor PottmeyerThat’s exactly.OperatorAnd the last question comes from Roland Pfnder from ODDO BHF.Roland PfnderYes  thank you for taking my question. I just have one last one. Could you elaborate a little bit on your cash equities business and the market share development here  what you see will change? Thank you.Gregor PottmeyerYes. Obviously  we were not really happy about the development in 2022 as we lost some market share here. I think  I shared that it's below the 60%. And obviously  we have already reacted with the liquidity program. There's not big expenses  and market share already increased back to more than 60%. I think we are able to manage that situation and we will see better market share development in 2023.Roland PfnderThank you.Jan StreckerAll right. Thanks a lot for your participation today. There are no further questions  and we would like to close the call today. Thank you.Theodor WeimerThank you  guys.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.19,0.11,True,English,"['Deutsche Borse AG', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'DBOEY', 'top three global ESG data providers', 'Consistent secular net revenue growth', 'overall net revenue growth', 'double-digit net revenue growth', 'Cyclical net revenue growth', 'Deutsche Borse AG Analyst', 'Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'ongoing sustainable growth', 'organic growth aspirations', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'ODDO BHF Operator', 'Investor Relations section', 'European energy markets', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Investor Conference Call', 'new asset classes', 'Conference Call Participants', 'Mr. Jan Strecker', 'Compass 2023 strategic plan', 'M&A initiatives', 'cyclical growth', 'net revenues', 'secular trends', 'growth strategy', 'strategic partnership', 'Deutsche Bank', 'financial progress', 'many initiatives', 'new products', 'different initiatives', 'Company Participants', 'Haley Tam', 'Credit Suisse', 'Andrew Coombs', 'Mike Werner', 'Benjamin Goy', 'Tom Mills', 'Gregory Simpson', 'Bruce Hamilton', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Philip Middleton', 'Johannes Thormann', 'Kyle Voigt', 'Enrico Bolzoni', 'Ian White', 'Autonomous Research', 'Tobias Lukesch', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Roland Pfnder', 'Full-Year 2022 Results', 'preliminary 2022 results', 'original guidance', 'steady steps', 'mid-term goals', 'market volatility', 'terrible war', 'corresponding implications', 'inflation rates', 'swift actions', 'central banks', 'interest rates', 'reliable party', 'highest level', 'last couple', 'business portfolio', 'strong results', 'single businesses', 'business lines', 'initial expectations', 'initial guidance', 'last guidance', 'clear margin', 'key pillar', 'different kinds', 'market environments', 'reliable addition', 'recurring revenues', 'important trends', 'service offerings', 'Google Cloud', 'financial targets', 'new clients', 'Gregor Pottmeyer', 'Theodor Weimer', 'long time', 'market share', 'exceptional development', 'presentation material', 'Jan.', 'OTCPK', 'DBOEY', 'February', 'Head', 'Citi', 'UBS', 'Jefferies', 'America', 'HSBC', 'KBW', 'JPMorgan', 'afternoon', 'ladies', 'gentlemen', 'listen', 'mode', 'floor', 'questions', 'link', 'mail', 'website', 'replay', 'side', 'review', 'efforts', 'industry', 'reality', 'context', 'Ukraine', 'globe', 'uncertainty', 'trusted', 'exposures', 'percentage', 'continued', 'services', 'years', 'quality', 'implementation', 'position', 'potential', 'page', '6% CAGR', 'opportunities', 'pipeline', 'Analytics', 'increase', 'Tokenization', 'digitization', 'foundation', 'number', 'terms', 'EBITDA', '10% CAGR', 'actu']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,seekingalpha.com
18079,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FNAC-DARTY-13449504/news/Fnac-Darty-Bonds-2024-et-2026-ndash-Final-Offering-Memorandum-dated-April-25-2019-english-onl-42945562/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Fnac Darty : Bonds 2024 et 2026 – Final Offering Memorandum  dated April 25  2019 (english only),(marketscreener.com)   IMPORTANT NOTICE   THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE OUTSIDE OF THE U.S.   IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the offering memorandum following this notice  and …,Fnac Darty : Bonds 2024 et 2026 – Final Offering Memorandum  dated April 25  2019 (english only) 02/09/2023 | 11:21am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields IMPORTANT NOTICE THIS OFFERING IS AVAILABLE ONLY TO INVESTORS WHO ARE OUTSIDE OF THE U.S. IMPORTANT: You must read the following before continuing. The following applies to the offering memorandum following this notice  and you are therefore advised to read this carefully before reading  accessing or making any other use of the offering memorandum. In accessing the offering memorandum  you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions  including any modiﬁcations to them any time you receive any information from Fnac Darty S.A. and its subsidiaries (the ''Group'') as a result of such access. NOTHING IN THIS ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION CONSTITUTES AN OFFER OF SECURITIES FOR SALE IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. THE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 (THE ''U.S. SECURITIES ACT'')  OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE U.S. OR OTHER JURISDICTION AND THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE U.S.  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. THE FOLLOWING OFFERING MEMORANDUM MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY OTHER PERSON AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. ANY FORWARDING  DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THIS DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN PART IS UNAUTHORIZED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN A VIOLATION OF THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS. IF YOU HAVE GAINED ACCESS TO THIS TRANSMISSION CONTRARY TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS  YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED AND WILL NOT BE ABLE TO PURCHASE ANY OF THE NOTES DESCRIBED HEREIN. Conﬁrmation of your Representation: In order to be eligible to view this offering memorandum or make an investment decision with respect to the securities  investors must be outside the U.S. This offering memorandum is being sent at your request and by accepting the e-mail and accessing this offering memorandum  you shall be deemed to have represented to the Group that (i) the electronic mail address that you gave the Group and to which this offering memorandum has been delivered is not located in the U.S. and (ii) you consent to delivery of such offering memorandum by electronic transmission. This offering memorandum has been sent to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and consequently none of BNP Paribas  Cre´ dit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank  Natixis  Socie´ te´ Ge´ ne´ rale  Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria  S.A.  Banco de Sabadell S.A.  Cre´ dit Industriel et Commercial S.A. and KBC Bank NV (each  an ''Initial Purchaser'') nor any person who controls such Initial Purchaser  the Group  nor any director  ofﬁcer  employee nor agent of theirs or afﬁliate of any such person accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the offering memorandum distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version available to you on request from the Initial Purchasers. You are reminded that this offering memorandum has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person into whose possession this offering memorandum may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not  nor are you authorized to  deliver this offering memorandum to any other person. If you receive this document by e-mail  you should not reply by e-mail to this announcement. Any reply e-mail communications  including those you generate by using the ''Reply'' function on your e-mail software  will be ignored or rejected. If you receive this document by e-mail  your use of this e-mail is at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a destructive nature. The materials relating to the offering of the notes pursuant to this offering memorandum (the ''Offering'') do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the Offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Initial Purchasers or any afﬁliate of the Initial Purchasers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the Offering shall be deemed to be made by the Initial Purchasers or such afﬁliate on behalf of the Group in such jurisdiction. Restrictions: The attached document is being furnished in connection with an offering exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. Nothing in this electronic transmission constitutes an offer of securities for sale in the United States. Recipients of this offering memorandum who intend to subscribe for or purchase securities are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information contained in this offering memorandum. Any securities to be issued will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Notice to Prospective Investors in the United Kingdom The communication of this offering memorandum and any other document or materials relating to the issue of the notes offered hereby is not being made  and such documents and/or materials have not been approved  by an authorized person for the purposes of Section 21 of the United Kingdom's Financial Services and Markets Act 2000  as amended. Accordingly  such documents and/ or materials are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a ﬁnancial promotion is only being made to those persons in the United Kingdom who have professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the deﬁnition of investment professionals (as deﬁned in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ''Financial Promotion Order''))  or who fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order  or who are any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (all such persons together being referred to as ''relevant persons''). In the United Kingdom  the notes offered hereby are only available to  and any investment or investment activity to which this offering memorandum relates will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person in the United Kingdom that is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this offering memorandum or any of its contents. Notice to Prospective Investors in the European Economic Area This offering memorandum is not a prospectus for the purposes of the European Union's Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended or superseded)  as implemented in the Member States of the European Economic Area (the ''EEA''). PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The notes offered hereby are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes  a ''retail investor'' means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as deﬁned in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU  as amended (''MiFID II''); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended or superseded (the ''Insurance Distribution Directive)''  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as deﬁned in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014  as amended (the ''PRIIPs Regulation'') for offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. MiFID II Product Governance / Professional Investors and ECPs Only Target Market - Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer's product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the notes offered hereby has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as deﬁned in MiFID II; and all channels for distribution of the notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the notes (a ''distributor'') should take into consideration the manufacturers' target market assessments; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the notes (by either adopting or reﬁning the manufacturers' target market assessments) and determining appropriate distribution channels. OFFERING MEMORANDUM NOT FOR GENERAL CIRCULATION IN THE UNITED STATES STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL Fnac Darty S.A. e300 000 000 1.875% Senior Notes due 2024 e350 000 000 2.625% Senior Notes due 2026 Fnac Darty S.A.  a socie´ te´ anonyme organized under the laws of France (the ''Issuer'')  is offering (the ''Offering'') e300 million aggregate principal amount of its 1.875% senior notes due 2024 (the ''2024 Notes'') and e350 million aggregate principal amount of its 2.625% senior notes due 2026 (the ''2026 Notes'' and  together with the 2024 Notes  the ''Notes''). The 2024 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 1.875% and will mature on May 30  2024. The 2026 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 2.625% and will mature on May 30  2026. Interest on the Notes will accrue from May 14  2019 and will be payable semi-annually on each May 30 and November 30  commencing on November 30  2019. Prior to May 30  2021  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Notes by paying a ''make whole'' premium. On or after May 30  2021  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2024 Notes  at any time or from time to time  at the redemption prices set forth in this offering memorandum. In addition  at any time prior to May 30  2021  the Issuer may redeem at its option up to 40% of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 101.875% of the principal amount of the 2024 Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest  provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the 2024 Notes remains outstanding after the redemption. Prior to May 30  2022  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2026 Notes by paying a ''make whole'' premium. On or after May 30  2022  the Issuer will be entitled at its option to redeem all or a portion of the 2026 Notes  at any time or from time to time  at the redemption prices set forth in this offering memorandum. In addition  at any time prior to May 30  2022  the Issuer may redeem at its option up to 40% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes with the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings at a price equal to 102.625% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest  provided that at least 60% of the original principal amount of the 2026 Notes remains outstanding after the redemption. Furthermore  the Notes may be redeemed at a price equal to their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest upon the occurrence of certain changes in applicable tax law. Upon the occurrence of certain change of control events  the Issuer may be required to offer to repurchase the Notes at 101% of the principal amount thereof  plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of the repurchase. The Notes will be the Issuer's senior obligations  will rank pari passu in right of payment with the Issuer's existing and future debt that is not subordinated in right of payment to the Notes  including the Issuer's obligations under the Bank Facility Agreements (as deﬁned herein)  and will rank senior in right of payment to all of the Issuer's existing and future debt that is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes. The Notes will effectively be subordinated to any existing and future secured debt of the Issuer to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The Notes will be guaranteed on a senior basis within 90 days of the Issue Date (as deﬁned herein) by the Guarantors (as deﬁned herein)  which include certain material subsidiaries of the Issuer. Each of the Guarantees (as deﬁned herein) will rank pari passu in right of payment with such Guarantor's existing and future debt that is not subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee  including such Guarantor's obligations under the Bank Facility Agreements  and will rank senior in right of payment to the applicable Guarantor's existing and future debt that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to such Guarantee. The Guarantee of each Guarantor will effectively be subordinated to any existing and future secured debt of such Guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt. The Notes and the Guarantees will be structurally subordinated to any existing and future debt of the Issuer's existing and future subsidiaries that are not Guarantors. In addition  the validity and enforceability of the Guarantees and the liability of each Guarantor will be subject to the limitations described in ''Certain Insolvency Law Considerations and Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees''. The Guarantees may be released under certain circumstances. For a detailed description of the Notes  see ''Description of the Notes'' beginning on page 146. There is currently no public market for the Notes. Application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to the Ofﬁcial List of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (''Euronext Dublin'') and to admit them for trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (the ''Exchange''). The Exchange is not a regulated market pursuant to the provisions of Directive 2014/65/EU (''MiFID II''). There is no assurance that the Notes will be  or will remain  listed and admitted to trading on the Exchange. Investing in the Notes involves risks. See ''Risk Factors'' beginning on page 25 for a discussion of certain risks that you should consider in connection with an investment in any of the Notes. Issue Price for the 2024 Notes: 100% of principal plus accrued interest  if any  from the Issue Date. Issue Price for the 2026 Notes: 100% of principal plus accrued interest  if any  from the Issue Date. The Notes will be offered and sold in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S (''Regulation S'') under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ''U.S. Securities Act''). The Notes and the Guarantees have not been  and will not be  registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any state of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See ''Notice to Investors'' and ''Transfer Restrictions'' for further details about eligible offerees and resale restrictions. The Notes will be in registered form in minimum denominations of e100 000 and integral multiples of e1 000 in excess thereof. The Notes will be represented on issue by one or more Global Notes  which is expected to be delivered through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (''Euroclear'') and Clearstream Banking  S.A. (''Clearstream'') on or about May 14  2019. Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners BNP PARIBAS Cre´dit Agricole CIB Natixis Joint Bookrunner Socie´ te´ Ge´ ne´rale Co-Managers Banco Sabadell BBVA CM-CIC Market Solutions KBC Bank Offering memorandum dated April 25  2019 TABLE OF CONTENTS Notice to Investors ii Forward-Looking Statements xi Presentation of Financial and Other Information xiii Industry and Market Data xv Summary 1 The Offering 14 Summary Financial and Operating Information 18 Risk Factors 25 Use of Proceeds 59 Capitalization 60 Selected Historical Financial Information 61 Management's Discussion and Analysis of the Group's Financial Condition and Results of Operations 64 Industry 83 Business 88 Regulation 119 Management 128 Principal Shareholders 135 Related Party Transactions 136 Description of Other Indebtedness 138 Description of the Notes 146 Taxation 201 Certain Insolvency Law Considerations and Limitations on the Validity and Enforceability of the Guarantees 203 Book-Entry  Delivery and Form 230 Plan of Distribution 234 Transfer Restrictions 237 Legal Matters 239 Independent Auditors 240 Enforceability of Judgments 241 Where You Can Find More Information 244 Listing and General Information 245 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements F-1 i NOTICE TO INVESTORS THE NOTES WILL BE OFFERED AND SOLD IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT. THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OR ANY STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND  SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS  MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD IN THE U.S. SEE ''PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION'' AND ''TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS''. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME. No dealer  salesperson or other person has been authorized to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this offering memorandum and  if given or made  any such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer  any of its afﬁliates or the Initial Purchasers or their respective afﬁliates. This offering memorandum does not constitute an offer of any securities other than those to which it relates or an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  to any person in any jurisdiction where such an offer or solicitation would be unlawful. Neither the delivery of this offering memorandum nor any sale made under it shall  under any circumstances  create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date of this offering memorandum or that the information contained in this offering memorandum is correct as of any time subsequent to that date. By receiving this offering memorandum  investors acknowledge that they have had an opportunity to request for review  and have received  all additional information they deem necessary to verify the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in this offering memorandum. Investors also acknowledge that they have not relied on the Initial Purchasers in connection with their investigation of the accuracy of this information or their decision whether to invest in the Notes. The contents of this offering memorandum are not to be considered legal  business  ﬁnancial  investment  tax or other advice. Prospective investors should consult their own counsel  accountants and other advisers as to legal  business  ﬁnancial  investment  tax and other aspects of a purchase of the Notes. In making an investment decision  investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and its afﬁliates  the terms of the Offering and the merits and risks involved. The Offering is being made in reliance upon exemptions from registration under the U.S. Securities Act for an offer and sale of securities that does not involve a public offering. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and resale and may not be transferred or resold except as permitted under the U.S. Securities Act and applicable securities laws of any other jurisdiction pursuant to registration or exemption therefrom. If you purchase the Notes  you will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgments  representations and warranties as detailed under ''Transfer Restrictions''. The Notes have not been and will not be registered with  recommended by or approved by the SEC or any other U.S. federal  state or foreign securities commission or regulatory authority  nor has the SEC or any such commission or regulatory authority reviewed or passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this offering memorandum. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense in the United States. Application will be made for the Notes to be admitted to the Ofﬁcial List and to admit them for trading on the Exchange. There is no assurance that the Notes will be  or will remain  listed and admitted to trading on the Exchange. In the course of any review by the competent authority  the Issuer may be requested to make changes to the ﬁnancial and other information included in this offering memorandum. Comments by the competent authority may require signiﬁcant modiﬁcation or reformulation of information contained in this offering memorandum or may require the inclusion of additional information. The Issuer may also be required to update the information in this offering memorandum to reﬂect changes in the Group's business  ﬁnancial condition or results of operations and prospects. The application to have the Notes admitted to the Ofﬁcial List and admitted to trading on the Exchange will not be approved as of the Issue Date  and it cannot be guaranteed that such application will be approved as of any date thereafter. Settlement of the Notes is not conditioned on obtaining this listing. ii This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Fnac Darty SA published this content on 09 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 09 February 2023 16:20:02 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about FNAC DARTY 02/09 Fnac Darty : Bonds 2024 et 2026 – Final Offering Memorandum  dated April 25  2019 (e.. PU 01/17 Fnac Darty : Présentation estimation de la performance 2022 (en anglais seulement) PU 01/17 Fnac Darty : 2022 estimated performance GL 01/17 Fnac Darty : 2022 estimated performance AQ 01/17 Fnac Darty SA Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2022 CI 01/02 Fnac Darty : December 2022 - Half-yearly report Quotations liquidity mandate GL 01/02 Fnac Darty : December 2022 - Half-yearly report Quotations liquidity mandate GL 2022 Fnac Darty to Refinance Bond Issue Due 2024 Via EUR300 Million Term Loan MT 2022 Fnac Darty secures the refinancing of its bond issue maturing in 2024 GL 2022 Fnac Darty secures the refinancing of its bond issue maturing in 2024 AQ,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Final Offering Memorandum', 'Fnac Darty', 'Bonds', 'April', 'Banco de Sabadell S.A.', 'Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria', 'Fnac Darty S.A.', 'U.S. SECURITIES ACT', 'Commercial S.A.', 'multiple email addresses', 'hard copy version', 'KBC Bank NV', 'Final Offering Memorandum', 'electronic mail address', 'FOLLOWING OFFERING MEMORANDUM', 'Investment Bank', 'SECURITIES LAWS', 'electronic form', 'modiﬁcations', 'OTHER JURISDICTIONS', 'FORWARDING, DISTRIBUTION', 'Conﬁrmation', 'investment decision', 'BNP Paribas', 'Agricole Corporate', 'Initial Purchaser', 'ofﬁcer', 'afﬁliate', 'other items', 'destructive nature', 'licensed broker', 'United States', 'ELECTRONIC TRANSMISSION', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'First name', 'other use', 'REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS', 'FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS', 'mail communications', 'mail software', 'OTHER PERSON', 'attached document', 'Bonds', 'April', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'INVESTORS', 'notice', 'terms', 'conditions', 'information', 'subsidiaries', 'Group', 'result', 'access', 'SALE', 'EXEMPTION', 'TRANSACTION', 'MANNER', 'REPRODUCTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'FAILURE', 'DIRECTIVE', 'VIOLATION', 'GAINED', 'NOTES', 'Representation', 'order', 'respect', 'request', 'delivery', 'documents', 'medium', 'process', 'none', 'Cre', 'Natixis', 'Socie', 'Industriel', 'director', 'employee', 'agent', 'liability', 'responsibility', 'difference', 'basis', 'possession', 'accordance', 'announcement', 'reply', 'function', 'risk', 'precautions', 'viruses', 'materials', 'connection', 'solicitation', 'place', 'offers', 'dealer', 'behalf', 'Nothing', 'Recipie']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18080,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Minister @Yuriko_Backes today visited #Clearstream offices in Singapore  a flagship Luxembourg company growing its… https://t.co/uuwbnDo6vQ,nan,Minister @Yuriko_Backes today visited #Clearstream offices in Singapore  a flagship Luxembourg company growing its… https://t.co/uuwbnDo6vQ,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['flagship Luxembourg company', 'Minister', 'Yuriko_Backes', 'Singapore', 'flagship Luxembourg company', 'Minister', 'Yuriko_Backes', 'Singapore']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18081,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/news/3934069-deutsche-boerse-non-gaap-eps-of-208-revenue-of-117b-initiates-fy23-guidance,Deutsche Boerse Non-GAAP EPS of €2.08  revenue of €1.17B; initiates FY23 guidance,Deutsche Boerse press release  (DBOEY): Q4  Non-GAAP EPS of €2.08.Revenue of €1.17B (+25.2% Y/Y).For 2023 the Group is expecting continued secular growth and net revenue to increase...,To ensure this doesn’t happen in the future  please enable Javascript and cookies in your browser.If you have an ad-blocker enabled you may be blocked from proceeding. Please disable your ad-blocker and refresh.,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Non-GAAP EPS', 'FY23 guidance', 'revenue', 'future', 'Javascript', 'cookies', 'browser', 'ad-blocker', 'refresh']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,seekingalpha.com
18082,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/No-more-Deutsche-Boerse-who-CEO-receiving-M-A-pitches-42939016/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,"No more ""Deutsche Boerse  who?"": CEO receiving M&A pitches",(marketscreener.com) German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse is getting calls for pitches for M&A deals and would consider a deal with a European exchange  though such a tie-up isn't a major focus  Chief Executive Officer Theodor Weimer said on Thursday.http…,"Acquisitions have played a major role in the company's strategy  which is currently under review for an update.Weimer  speaking to journalists  said that a few years ago  the response he got when reaching out on possible deals was ""Deutsche Boerse  who?"" but today the company is on the receiving end of such calls.Weimer  asked about whether he would consider European exchange mergers  said he would if there were an opportunity but cash markets have not been a major focus.Any big deal would need to be ""synergy-rich""  he said  and the focus was now more on ""value"" rather than the growth of previous years.Deutsche Boerse plans to update investors on its strategy in June.(Reporting by Tom Sims and Marta Orosz; Editing by Miranda Murray and Rachel More)",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['M&A pitches', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'CEO', 'European exchange mergers', 'major role', 'possible deals', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'receiving end', 'cash markets', 'big deal', 'previous years', 'Tom Sims', 'Marta Orosz', 'Miranda Murray', 'Rachel More', 'major focus', 'Acquisitions', 'company', 'strategy', 'review', 'update', 'Weimer', 'journalists', 'response', 'calls', 'opportunity', 'value', 'growth', 'investors', 'June', 'Editing']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18084,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Euronext-has-no-plans-to-copy-rivals-with-cloud-computing-deal--42945925/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal,(marketscreener.com) Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Euronext-has-n…,"London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google.""One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of data centres of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious "" Boujnah told Reuters on Thursday.Euronext only uses a cloud provider for storing historical data  he said.""When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the data centres of companies which have decision-making centres outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU "" Boujnah added.Euronext said earlier on Thursday it has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption from a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group outside the bloc continued.""We analyse very carefully the dependency on certain providers "" Boujnah said as Euronext reported full year earnings.Earlier this week  the Bank for International Settlements said a ""rethink"" is needed on regulating how finance is becoming increasingly dependent on outside parties like cloud firms  which new EU rules will address.Euronext reported record full-year 2022 revenue and income of 1.418 billion euros ($1.52 billion)  up 9.3% on 2021 due to consolidating its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Adjusted earnings per share in 2022 was down 4.8% at 5.21 euros due to higher share count  and the company proposes to pay a dividend of 2.22 euros per share.Euronext said it has increased its 2024 annual pre-tax savings related to integrating Borsa Italiana by 15 million euros to 115 million  with around 70 million of this achieved by the end of 2023 as implementation costs remain unchanged.The savings are nearly double what was promised at the deal's outset.""This further demonstrates Euronext's successful track record in integrating acquired companies "" Boujnah said.($1 = 0.9307 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Alexander Smith)By Huw Jones",neutral,0.03,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.46,0.04,0.5,True,English,"['cloud computing deal', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'rivals', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'record full-year 2022 revenue', 'successful track record', 'cloud computing giants', 'financial data firm', 'full year earnings', '2024 annual pre-tax savings', 'new EU rules', 'higher share count', 'cloud provider', 'cloud firms', 'data centres', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'strategic partnership', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centres', 'physical infrastructure', 'weekly report', 'commodity derivatives', 'ransomware attack', 'International Settlements', 'outside parties', 'Borsa Italiana', 'implementation costs', 'Huw Jones', 'Alexander Smith', '1.418 billion euros', '15 million euros', '5.21 euros', '2.22 euros', '0.9307 euros', 'CME', 'Nasdaq', 'partnerships', 'Alphabet', 'Amazon', 'Microsoft', 'Thursday', 'Google', 'reasons', 'use', 'regulators', 'Boujnah', 'Reuters', 'Euronext', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'positions', 'disruption', 'bloc', 'dependency', 'providers', 'Bank', 'rethink', 'finance', 'income', 'acquisition', 'company', 'deal', 'outset', 'Editing', '2021']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18085,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/technology/euronext-has-no-plans-copy-rivals-with-cloud-computing-deal-2023-02-09/,Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal,Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.,"LONDON  Feb 9 (Reuters) - Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google.""One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of data centres of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious "" Boujnah told Reuters on Thursday.Euronext only uses a cloud provider for storing historical data  he said.""When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the data centres of companies which have decision-making centres outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU "" Boujnah added.Euronext said earlier on Thursday it has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption from a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group outside the bloc continued.""We analyse very carefully the dependency on certain providers "" Boujnah said as Euronext reported full year earnings.Earlier this week  the Bank for International Settlements said a ""rethink"" is needed on regulating how finance is becoming increasingly dependent on outside parties like cloud firms  which new EU rules will address.Euronext reported record full-year 2022 revenue and income of 1.418 billion euros ($1.52 billion)  up 9.3% on 2021 due to consolidating its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Adjusted earnings per share in 2022 was down 4.8% at 5.21 euros due to higher share count  and the company proposes to pay a dividend of 2.22 euros per share.Euronext said it has increased its 2024 annual pre-tax savings related to integrating Borsa Italiana by 15 million euros to 115 million  with around 70 million of this achieved by the end of 2023 as implementation costs remain unchanged.The savings are nearly double what was promised at the deal's outset.""This further demonstrates Euronext's successful track record in integrating acquired companies "" Boujnah said.($1 = 0.9307 euros)Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Alexander SmithOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.03,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.44,0.06,0.5,True,English,"['cloud computing deal', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'rivals', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'record full-year 2022 revenue', 'successful track record', 'cloud computing giants', 'financial data firm', 'outside cloud computers', 'full year earnings', '2024 annual pre-tax savings', 'new EU rules', 'higher share count', 'pan-European exchange', 'cloud provider', 'outside parties', 'cloud firms', 'data centres', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'critical services', 'regulatory concerns', 'chief executive', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'strategic partnership', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centres', 'physical infrastructure', 'weekly report', 'commodity derivatives', 'ransomware attack', 'International Settlements', 'Borsa Italiana', 'implementation costs', 'Huw Jones', 'Alexander Smith', '1.418 billion euros', '15 million euros', 'Stephane Boujnah', '5.21 euros', '2.22 euros', '0.9307 euros', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'CME', 'Nasdaq', 'partnerships', 'Alphabet', 'Amazon', 'Microsoft', 'Thursday', 'Google', 'reasons', 'use', 'regulators', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'positions', 'disruption', 'bloc', 'dependency', 'providers', 'Bank', 'rethink', 'finance', 'income', 'acquisition', 'company', 'deal', 'outset', 'Reporting', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,reuters.com
18094,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We’re proud to be selected as Deutsche Boerse’s preferred cloud partner for the next 10 yrs. Our secure cloud &amp; dat… https://t.co/pxFZMd2AO6,nan,We’re proud to be selected as Deutsche Boerse’s preferred cloud partner for the next 10 yrs. Our secure cloud &amp; dat… https://t.co/pxFZMd2AO6,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['preferred cloud partner', 'secure cloud', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'next 10 yrs', 'dat', 'preferred cloud partner', 'secure cloud', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'next 10 yrs', 'dat']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18095,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,.@DeutscheBoerse inks 10-year strategic partnership deal with Google CloudIn particular  Deutsche Börse will leve… https://t.co/oIA9gItHlX,nan,.@DeutscheBoerse inks 10-year strategic partnership deal with Google CloudIn particular  Deutsche Börse will leve… https://t.co/oIA9gItHlX,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['10-year strategic partnership deal', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'DeutscheBoerse', '10-year strategic partnership deal', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Google Cloud', 'DeutscheBoerse']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18096,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Q4 2022 Deutsche Boerse AG Earnings Call $DB1.DE  https://t.co/mT2Mjs1DYt,nan,Q4 2022 Deutsche Boerse AG Earnings Call $DB1.DE  https://t.co/mT2Mjs1DYt,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG Earnings Call', 'Deutsche Boerse AG Earnings Call']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18097,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"No more ""Deutsche Boerse  who?"": CEO receiving M&amp;A pitches https://t.co/eLpA35wfLZ https://t.co/U5B190GHln",nan,"No more ""Deutsche Boerse  who?"": CEO receiving M&amp;A pitches https://t.co/eLpA35wfLZ https://t.co/U5B190GHln",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['M&amp;A pitches', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'CEO', 'M&amp;A pitches', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'CEO']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18098,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Exciting news! @DeutscheBoerse partners with @googlecloud.🚀Being part of Deutsche Börse Group  @CryptoFinanceAG w… https://t.co/BYDQCwodh6,nan,Exciting news! @DeutscheBoerse partners with @googlecloud.🚀Being part of Deutsche Börse Group  @CryptoFinanceAG w… https://t.co/BYDQCwodh6,positive,0.98,0.02,0.01,positive,0.98,0.02,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Exciting news', 'googlecloud', 'part', 'BYDQCwodh6', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Exciting news', 'googlecloud', 'part', 'BYDQCwodh6']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18106,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-publishes-q4-full-2022-164500504.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 resultsStrong results demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model  efficient management of cash trading market share combined with cost discipline. Upgraded 2024 synergies target.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022.F ull year 2022 underlying revenue and income 1 up + 0 . 1 % pro forma 2 at € 1 467.8 million ( reported revenue and income at € 1 418. 8 million   +€120.2 million   -3.2 % pro forma 2   + 9.3 % reported ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business and enhanced revenue capture : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58.1% of 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 58% pro forma in 2021) and covered 141% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 3 (vs. 142% pro forma in 2021). Trading revenue grew to €514.1 million (-0.8% pro forma  +10.5% reported). FX and power trading reported strong performances. The softer environment for cash trading volumes from the second semester of 2022 was offset by efficient management of yield and an uptick in market share from October 2022. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €364.5 million (+1.5 % pro forma  +13.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €243.1 million (stable pro forma  +10.9% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model as settlement activity stabilised. Clearing revenue increased to €121.4 million (+4.5% pro forma  +19.7% reported) mainly as a result of the consolidation of revenue from Euronext Clearing (acquired on 29 April 2021) and improved product mix. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €44.0 million  excluding Q3 2022 €49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1 . Listing revenue grew to €218.4 million (+7.3% pro forma  +15.1% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions. In 2022  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 83 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €212.1 million (+4.8% pro forma  +15.5% reported)  driven by the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and a strong performance of both real-time and non real-time data businesses.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 861.6 million ( +€90.6 million   -1.2 % pro forma  +11. 7 % reported ) reflecting continued cost disciplin e despite strong inflationary pressure . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 58. 7 % (-0. 8 pt s pro forma   -0. 7 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 3 were €606.1 million (+2.0% pro forma  +14.9% reported)  beating revised 2022 cost guidance of €612 million (initially €622 million)  thanks to efficient cost control and several positive one-off impacts over the year.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5.9% reported to€ 437.8 million ( + € 24. 5 million): Net financing expenses were at €29.7 million and results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.6%.Adjus ted net income 3   share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5. 7 % to € 555.3 millionAdjusted EPS 4 was down -4. 8 % at € 5.2 1   due to higher share countNet debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.6x at the end of 2022 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.4x resulting from strong cash generation since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Key figures for full year 2022:Story continuesIn €m  unless stated otherwise 2022 2021 % var % varl-f-l5 % var pro forma Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% -3.2% Underlying revenue and income1 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% +0.1% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A3 (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% +2.0% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% -1.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts -0.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% -3.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Dividend proposal:As announced on 28 July 2022  a pay-out ratio of 50% of reported net income  adjusted for the Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss related to the partial disposal of Euronext Clearing portfolio  representing a dividend for 2022 of €236.6 million (€2.22 per share) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 May 2023.Cost guidance for 2023:In 2023  Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €630 million  compared to the annualised second semester of 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around €620 million. The slight increase in costs only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives. Savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development costs.Status update on synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies were achieved at the end of Q4 2022  thanks to restructuring efforts and the migration of the Core Data Centre. €9.7 million run-rate annual synergies were delivered in Q4 2022. €44.2 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q4 2022  of which €6.3 million during Q4 2022.Next steps in the deployment of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan : Euronext upgrades its 2024 annual run - rate pre - tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by € 15 millon to € 115 million . Implementation costs remain unchanged. Euronext confirmed the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023  forming the first phase of the migration  and of Borsa Italiana other markets in Q4 2023 allowing for termination of the third-party provider trading platform contract. Euronext confirmed the phases in the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023 and of derivative clearing by Q3 2024. These strategic projects are expected to reach around € 7 0 million of cumulated run-rate synergies by the end of 2023  out of the €115 million targeted. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%   and revenue capture a round 0.5 2 bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq ®   considering current market conditions and orders size.Key achievement in the deployment of the ‘ Fit for 1.5 °’ ESG strategy in 2022 : Euronext’s upgraded SBTi-aligned climate targets were validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative: By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.The Group’s efforts to enhance diversity were recognised through the inclusion of Euronext into the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2022  Euronext reached record revenue and income above €1.4 billion notably resulting from the strong performance of our non-volume related activities  together with efficient management of revenue capture and of cash trading market share. Thanks to our trademark cost discipline  we beat our 2022 revised costs guidance. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA of €861.6 million that translated into an adjusted EPS of €5.21. We will propose a total dividend of €236.6 million at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2023  representing 50% of our reported net income  excluding NTI loss impact.This year has been crucial in laying the foundations for the future growth of the Group. We have successfully completed the first major milestone of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan with the migration of our Core Data Centre from the UK to Italy. At the end of 2022  we have achieved €34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies related to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.This fruitful year paves the way for the next steps to be delivered in 2023. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe  operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq®  which will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext equity clearing house of choice by the end of 2023  and the CCP for derivatives clearing in Q3 2024. These are the critical bricks to complete our presence across the integrated value chain  allowing us to innovate and shape capital markets in line with evolving client needs  and making Euronext even stronger to deliver future growth.In an inflationary environment  we will contain our costs to a slight increase in 2023  at €630 million  demonstrating Euronext’s ability to maintain its cost discipline while investing to generate revenue expansion of our non-volume related activities. We expect to deliver by the end of 2023 around €70 million of the synergies targeted as part of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. Our good progress on integration led us to upgrade the total amount of targeted run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024 from €100 million to €115 million. This further demonstrates Euronext’s successful track record in integrating acquired companies.Our strong performance  combined with the successful ongoing delivery of the planned synergies  is supporting our deleveraging trajectory with a net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.6x  well below 3.2x at the time of closing of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition. This leaves the Group with flexibility to further deploy capital in value generating opportunities that might arise.Lastly  we are happy to see that our ‘Fit for 1.5°’ ESG strategy is bearing fruit  as our upgraded emission reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative. We are pleased to see Euronext being included in both the Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices  demonstrating the progress we are making in striving towards more equality.”Euronext Q4 and full year 2022 financial performanceFull year 20226In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2022 FY 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% Underlying revenue and income7 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% Listing 218.4 189.7 +15.1% +6.6% Trading revenue  of which 514.1 465.3 +10.5% -2.4% Cash trading 301.7 293.7 +2.7% -4.4% Derivatives trading 58.4 52.5 +11.3% +2.6% Fixed income trading 93.0 65.8 +41.3% -8.9% FX trading 28.4 23.5 +21.0% +7.9% Power trading 32.7 29.9 +9.4% +8.9% Investor Services 9.6 8.9 +7.9% +10.8% Advanced Data Services 212.1 183.6 +15.5% +5.4% Post-Trade  of which 364.5 320.6 +13.7% +0.2% Clearing 121.4 101.4 +19.7% +3.8% Custody and Settlement 243.1 219.2 +10.9% -4.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 100.1 85.5 +17.1% +3.3% NTI through CCP business (4.9) 35.4 -113.9% -42.2% Other income 1.5 3.5 -55.7% -92.9% Transitional revenues 3.4 6.2 -45.3% -81.9% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (633.4) (584.8) +8.3% +2.7% EBITDA 785.4 713.9 +10.0% -2.3% Depreciation & Amortisation (160.2) (134.6) +19.0% -1.6% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (793.6) (719.4) +10.3% +2.3% Adjusted operating profit 792.8 709.6 +11.7% -2.3% Operating Profit 625.3 579.3 +7.9% Net financing income / (expense) (29.7) (31.7) -6.4% Results from equity investments 18.7 33.2 -43.7% Profit before income tax 614.2 580.7 +5.8% Income tax expense (163.6) (158.6) +3.1% Share of non-controlling interests (12.8) (8.7) +46.5% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Share count differs between the two periods2022 revenue and incomeIn 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €1 418.8 million  up +9.3% reported compared to 2021  resulting from the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong performance of non-volume related activities  partially offset by the Q3 2022 €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35.0 million post-tax) related to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9 and a softer volume environment for cash equity trading. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was up +13.0% in 2022  to €1 467.8 million.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was stable (-0.2%) in 2022  at €1 204.4 million  compared to 2021. Pro forma the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition on 29 April 2021  underlying revenue and income were stable in 2022 compared to 2021  resulting from strong non-volume related activities  notably listing and advanced data services  very good performances for FX and power trading and a solid performance of derivatives trading.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2022  stable vs. 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities  good performance of non-equity related trading activities and the challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related underlying revenue ratio was at 141% in 2022  almost stable vs. 2021 (142%).2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €606.1 million  up +14.9%  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group costs and continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Underlying expenses excluding D&A (€606.1 million) were better than 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs excluding D&A (€622 million initially) thanks to strong cost discipline  project costs being capitalised and one-off positive impacts  including release of accruals and lower-than-anticipated travel and marketing expenses due to the Covid-19 pandemic.On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly by +2.7% compared to 2021  which was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing expenses during the pandemic  highlighting Euronext’s ability to contain inflation in 2022. On a pro forma basis for the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021  underlying operational expenses increased slightly by +2.0%  mainly due to the return of travel and marketing expenses in 2022.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €861.6 million and saw double digit growth  +11.7% compared to 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.7%  down -0.7 points compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was down -2.3%  to €699.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.1%  down -1.2 points compared to the same perimeter in 2021.2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €160.2 million in 2022  up +19.0%  mostly due to the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €83.3 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €792.8 million  a strong +11.7% increase compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -2.3% compared to 2021  at €643.6 million.€118.6 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2022 was €29.7 million compared to a net financing expense of €31.7 million in 2021. This decrease mainly results from the elimination of costs in relation to the bridge financing of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021  partially offset by the cost of bonds issued to finance the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million in 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in 2021  Euronext reported €33.2 million in results from equity investments  reflecting two dividends received from Sicovam and two dividends received from Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for 2022 was €163.6 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2022 (2021: €158.6 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €12.8 million in 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +5.9% for 2022 compared to 2021  to €437.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the portfolio reallocation10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022  compared to €4.30 basic and €4.29 diluted in 2021. This decrease reflects a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.7% to €555.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -4.8% in 2022  at €5.21 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.47 per share in 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €616.5 million  compared to €543.7 million in 2021  resulting from higher profit before tax and higher depreciation and amortisation. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 83.9% of EBITDA in 2022.Fourth quarter 202211In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 347.0 370.1 -6.2% -6.1% Listing 53.5 51.9 +3.1% +3.8% Trading revenue  of which 116.3 132.3 -12.1% -12.4% Cash trading 65.1 79.3 -17.9% -17.9% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.2 -5.4% -5.3% Fixed income trading 22.1 24.2 -8.5% -8.5% FX trading 6.7 6.1 +9.5% -2.2% Power trading 8.9 8.5 +4.7% +9.0% Investor Services 2.6 2.3 +13.2% +13.2% Advanced Data Services 54.5 50.7 +7.3% +7.7% Post-Trade  of which 88.6 90.9 -2.5% -2.4% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% -3.9% Custody and Settlement 59.6 60.7 -1.9% -1.6% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.9 26.4 +1.8% +2.2% NTI through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% -66.8% Other income 0.3 0.6 -53.2% -53.5% Transitional revenues 0.1 2.0 -93.1% -93.1% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (159.2) (156.6) +1.6% +2.1% Adjusted EBITDA 187.9 213.4 -12.0% -12.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 54.1% 57.7% -3.5pts -3.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (170.2) (170.6) -0.2% +2.1% EBITDA 176.9 199.5 -11.4% -12.1% Depreciation & Amortisation (42.6) (48.9) -12.8% +0.8% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (212.8) (219.4) -3.0% +1.9% Adjusted operating profit 168.4 194.1 -13.3% -13.4% Operating Profit 134.2 150.6 -10.9% Net financing income / (expense) (6.0) (6.7) -9.3% Results from equity investments 12.6 7.3 +71.7% Profit before income tax 140.8 151.3 -7.0% Income tax expense (38.5) (35.7) +7.7% Share of non-controlling interests (3.0) (2.9) +3.8% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 99.3 112.7 -11.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders12 118.2 144.6 -18.2% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.11 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.10 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5%Q4 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €347.0 million  down -6.2% compared to Q4 2021  primarily due to the solid performance of advanced data services and listing activities  offset by lower cash and fixed income trading and post-trade revenue  including net treasury income. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -6.1% in Q4 2022  to €346.5 million  compared to Q4 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2022  compared to 58% in Q4 2021  reflecting higher advanced data services and services revenue. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 130% in Q4 2022  compared to 136% in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €159.2 million  slightly up +1.6%  reflecting strong cost discipline in an inflationary environment and higher capitalised project costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation slightly increased by +2.1% compared to Q4 2021.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €187.9 million  down -12.0% compared to Q4 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%  down -3.5 points compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2022 was down -12.1%  to €187.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 54.2%  down -3.7pts points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €42.6 million in Q4 2022  -12.8% less than in Q4 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.8 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €168.4 million  a -13.3% decrease compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -13.4% compared to Q4 2021  at €168.2 million.€34.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q4 2022 was €6.0 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.7 million in Q4 2021. This decrease results from higher interest income due to increased interest rates partially offset by the higher cost of issued bonds and a negative revaluation of foreign currency balances.Results from equity investments amounted to €12.6 million in Q4 2022  representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in Q4 2021  Euronext reported €7.3 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2022 was €38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter (Q4 2021: €35.7 million and 23.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €3.0 million in Q4 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -11.9% for Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021  to €99.3 million. This represents a reported EPS of €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022  compared to €1.05 basic and €1.05 diluted in Q4 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -18.2% to €118.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -18.0% in Q4 2022  at €1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.35 per share in Q4 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In Q4 2022  Euronext reported a negative net cash flow from operating activities of €147.1 million  compared to a positive €145.6 million in Q4 2021  reflecting higher negative changes in working capital reflecting notably short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 51.9% of EBITDA in Q4 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Listing revenue 53.5 51.9 +3.1% 218.4 189.7 +15.1% Equity 27.0 23.9 +12.6% 108.5 86.9 +24.9% Annual fees 16.7 15.1 +10.5% 68.4 52.9 +29.5% Follow-ons 6.3 5.6 +12.8% 20.8 18.2 +13.9% IPOs 4.0 3.2 +22.3% 19.3 15.8 +22.4% Debts 9.0 10.5 -14.4% 36.6 38.5 -4.9% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.8 5.7 +1.8% 22.7 18.9 +20.2% Corporate Services 9.6 8.6 +11.4% 39.5 37.1 +6.5% ELITE and Other 2.2 3.1 -30.3% 11.1 8.3 +33.0% Money raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1%Fourth quarter 2022Listing revenue was €53.5 million in Q4 2022  an increase of +3.1% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time13. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.8% compared to Q4 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 24 new listings in Q4 2022. This compares to 57 new listings in the fourth quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Nine of the new listings in Q4 2022 were from international companies  confirming Euronext as the listing venue of choice outside of its core markets.In Q4 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €310 million raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q4 2021 with €6.6 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported a strong quarter with €10.1 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q4 2022  compared to €8.3 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 80 new listings.Euronext’s bond franchise remained resilient despite a challenging economic environment. In Q4 2022  €226.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €389.4 billion raised in Q4 2021.In total  €237.3 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q4 2022  compared to €404.2 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.6 million in Q4 2022  up +11.4% compared to Q4 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context and partially offset by a negative one-off adjustment.Full year 2022Listing revenue was €218.4 million in 2022  an increase of +15.1% compared to 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time14. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.6% compared to 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 83 new listings in 2022  outperforming all European listing venues. This compares to 212 in 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Five of the top ten largest IPOs in Europe15 in 2022 took place on Euronext  and 20 listings from international companies16  demonstrating Euronext’s attractiveness for companies in its core markets in Europe and beyond.In 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €3.8 billion raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a record 2021 with €26.0 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €28.5 billion raised in secondary equity issues in 2022  compared to €83.0 billion in 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 478 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in 202217  growing the number of bonds listed to more than 53 000 across all Euronext markets  despite persisting negative debt market conditions globally due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In 2022  €961.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €1.5 trillion raised in 2021.In total  €994.1 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in 2022  which represents the second best year for equity and debt listing in Euronext’s history after the €1.6 trillion raised in 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong year in terms of revenue at €39.5 million in 2022  up +6.5% compared to 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Trading revenue 116.3 132.3 -12.1% 514.1 465.3 +10.5% Cash trading revenue 65.1 79.3 -17.9% 301.7 293.7 +2.7% ADV Cash market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Derivatives trading revenue 13.4 14.2 -5.4% 58.4 52.5 +11.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 622 975 718 023 -13.2% 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Fixed income trading revenue 22.1 24.2 -8.5% 93.0 65.8 +41.3% ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% 353 700 282 655 +25.1% ADV other fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2% 909 895 +1.6% Spot FX trading revenue 6.7 6.1 +9.5% 28.4 23.5 +21.0% ADV spot FX Market (in USDm) 20 160 19 381 +4.0% 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power trading revenue 8.9 8.5 +4.7% 32.7 29.9 +9.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.98 2.76 +7.9% 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.13 0.08 +69.6% 0.10 0.07 +49.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis. Volumes including Italy on a pro forma basis for 2021 until the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021.Fourth quarter 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -17.9% to €65.1 million in Q4 2022  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by an uptick in market share from October 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €10.1 billion  a volume decrease of-17.2% compared to Q4 2021 resulting from a softer trading environment and partially offset by efficient revenue capture management.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana markets and larger average order size. During the fourth quarter 2022  Euronext continued to enhance its fee schemes. The latter translated into an uptick in market share from October 2022. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in Q4 2022. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates18.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on its cash equity trading business. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -17.9% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue decreased by -5.4% to €13.4 million in Q4 2022 as the volume mix positively impacted revenue capture and partially offset softer volumes in equity futures and options trading.During the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial derivatives was 550 517 lots  down -12.7% from Q4 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis with the higher volatility in Q4 2021.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 72 457 lots in Q4 2022  down -17.2% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting a normalised trading environment .Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2022  reflecting improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -5.3% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €22.1 million in Q4 2022  compared to €24.2 million in Q4 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the fourth quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €12.8 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.6 million of revenue.The fourth quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +36.0% compared to Q4 2021 to €397.0 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -32.7% to €15.4 billion  compared to €22.9 billion in Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.5% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €6.7 million in Q4 2022  up +9.5% from Q4 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue continued to benefit from geographic expansion and product diversification  despite softening volatility compared to the start of 2022.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD 20.2 billion were recorded  up +4.0% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -2.2% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €8.9 million in revenue in Q4 2022  representing a strong growth of +4.7% compared to Q4 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. In Q4 2022  record intraday power trading volumes were reported in Central and Western Europe.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.98TWh  up +7.9% compared to Q4 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.13 TWh  up +69.6% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +9.0% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue increased by +2.7% to € 301.7 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong volumes during the first semester of 2022  partially offset by lower volumes in the second half of 2022. Over 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €11.7 billion  stable compared to a record year 2021 at €11.8 billion. Euronext continued to be the provider of the best market quality  with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates19.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash trading averaged 66.6%  with a clear uptick in market share since October 2022  thanks to intense commercial activity and enhanced fee schemes.Over 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of the Borsa Italiana fee grid before the migration to the Optiq® trading platform and higher transaction orders sizes on a reported basis. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -4.4% in 2022 compared to 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +11.3% to €58.4 million in 2022  as a result of strong traction on the index derivatives franchise and improved product mix enhancing revenue capture.During 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 616 092 lots  down -5.3% from 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis in a volatile 2021  including lower activity from equity finance clients.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 79 318 lots in 2022  down -3.5% compared to 2021  reflecting a decrease in commodity futures trading compared to all-time high levels in 2021  partly offset by record activity on commodity options.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot in 2022  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +2.6% in 2022 compared to 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €93.0 million in 2022  compared to €65.8 million in 2021  reflecting the consolidation of MTS  whose volumes reflected the change in macro-economic conditions in Europe with rising inflation  interest rates and uncertainties which favoured money markets.MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In 2022  MTS Cash reported €59.5 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €21.6 million of revenue.2022 recorded strong growth in Repo trading  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +25.1% compared to 2021 to €353.7 billion. This compensated for lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -21.2% to €18.9 billion  compared to €24.0 billion in 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported all-time record revenues at €28.4 million in 2022  up +21.0% from 2021. Euronext FX trading benefited from the positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over 2022  average daily volumes of USD 22.5 billion were recorded  up +17.1% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +7.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €32.7 million in revenue in 2022  representing a strong growth of +9.4% compared to 2021  driven by record volumes  totalling over 1 000TWh  and continued successful geographic expansion in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland. Over 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.75TWh  up +11.4% compared to 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +49.8% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +8.9% compared to 2021.Investor ServicesFourth quarter 2022Investor Services reported €2.6 million revenue in Q4 2022  representing a +13.2% increase compared to Q4 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Investor Services reported €9.6 million revenue in 2022  representing a +7.9% increase compared to 2021  resulting from successful growth of the client base and successful key product launches.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +10.8% compared to 2021.Advanced Data ServicesFourth quarter 2022Advanced Data Services reached record revenue of €54.5 million in Q4 2022  up +7.3% from Q4 2021  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products  and a resilient quarter for the indices franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +7.7% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Advanced Data Services recorded revenue grew to €212.1 million in 2022  up +15.5% from 2021  driven by the consolidation of Borsa Italiana’s data businesses  as well as a strong performance of the core data and advanced data solutions businesses. The Euronext’s indices franchise posted a resilient performance in 2022  despite lower structured products activity following two years of intense volatility.Euronext continued to expand its ESG Indices franchise in 2022 including with the successful launch of ESG versions of its national flagship indices  the AEX® ESG in the Netherlands and the OBX® ESG in Norway  reinforcing the existing offering that already included the CAC 40® ESG in France and the MIB® ESG in Italy.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.4% compared to 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 88.6 90.9 -2.5% 364.5 320.6 +13.7% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% 121.4 101.4 +19.7% Revenue from LCH SA 18.1 18.5 -2.4% 75.8 71.5 +6.1% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.9 11.6 -6.3% 45.6 29.9 +52.5% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 59.6 60.7 -1.9% 243.1 219.2 +10.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% (4.9)1 35.4 -113.9%ClearingFourth quarter 2022Clearing revenue was down -3.9% to €29.0 million in Q4 2022  as a result of weaker cash equity and derivatives clearing activity  partly offset by stronger bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €8.9 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022).Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for bond clearing  and a decrease in equity and derivatives clearing in line with trading volumes. In Q4 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.4 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was down -3.9% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Clearing revenue grew by +19.7% to €121.4 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and a volatile volume environment throughout the year. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €39.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected the general market dynamic over 2022  with a gradual decline in equity and derivatives clearing volumes offset by a steady increase in bond clearing volumes. In 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €6.5 million from derivatives clearing  €16.7 million from equities clearing  and €9.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +3.8% compared to 2021.Net treasury incomeFourth quarter 2022As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio20. It disposed the portfolio maturing after 1 May 2023 while retaining its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023  which it will hold to maturity. As a consequence  net treasury income amounted to €4.3 million in Q4 2022.Full year 2022The partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million  reported in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss  net treasury income totalled €44.0 million in 2022  impacted by a high level of collateral held due to high levels of volatility.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesFourth quarter 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €59.6 million in Q4 2022  down -1.9% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting Euronext Securities resilient topline thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilised settlement environment. The fourth quarter of 2022 also showed a recovery in the value of assets under custody.26 265 921 settlement instructions were processed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -1.6% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €243.1 million in 2022  up +10.9% compared to 2021  driven by the consolidation of Euronext Securities Milan  a positively geared geographical mix and stable assets under custody  which offset lower settlement activity.120 550 357 settlement instructions were processed in 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion at the end of December 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -4.8% compared to 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueFourth quarter 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.9 million in Q4 2022  up +1.8% from Q4 2021  reflecting good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext’s Core Data Centre more than offsetting lower revenue from hosting services.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +2.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €100.1 million in 2022  up +17.1% from 2021  resulting from the consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group technology activities  including Gatelab and X2M and additional revenue generated through colocation activity following the Euronext’s Core Data Centre migration.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.3%. compared to 2021.Q4 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2022 results on 3 November 2022Completion of the acquisition of the technology business from Nexi’s capital markets activitiesOn 1 December 2022  Euronext announced the completion of the purchase of the technology business powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan  from Nexi. This Transaction enables Euronext to fully internalise the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan. Following this Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and services under commercial agreements.Disposal of MTS Markets International Inc.  US subsidiary of MTS S.p.A.On 15 December 2022  MTS S.p.A.  the leading European bond trading platform majority-owned by Euronext  announced that it has completed the sale of its US subsidiary MTS Markets International Inc. (“MMI”) to Tradition America Holdings Inc.  a subsidiary of Compagnie Financière Tradition SA.The sale of MMI was implemented as a result of the conclusion of a strategic review initiated following the integration of Borsa Italiana and the decision to divest non-core assets.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2023Expansion of Euronext Clearing to derivatives marketsOn 16 January 2023  Euronext announced that the European expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext derivatives markets is planned for Q3 2024. Euronext expects to migrate the listed financial derivatives and commodities markets of Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext Brussels  Euronext Lisbon  Oslo Børs and Euronext Paris from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing by Q3 202421. As a reminder  Euronext Clearing already clears Euronext Milan listed derivatives.As Euronext Clearing undertakes derivatives clearing services in Europe  Euronext has decided to terminate the existing derivatives clearing agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA  under the terms of the Agreement. Therefore  on 16 January 2023  Euronext served LCH SA notice of termination for the purposes of the Agreement.As set up in the Agreement  Euronext will pay a termination fee of approximately €36.0 million to LCH SA  provisioned in its income statement as non-underlying expenses in Q1 2023  and payable in 2024. As previously stated  this amount is included in the €150 million of implementation costs related to the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and already announced in November 2021.Following the notification of the early termination of the Agreement  LCH Group has the option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Further communication related to the stake owned by Euronext in LCH SA will be made when appropriate.Euronext and LCH SA are committed to working together to ensure an orderly migration of clearing flows from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing.The termination of the Agreement does not impact the existing clearing agreement signed between MTS S.p.A and LCH SA nor the existing agreement related to the interoperability link on Italian Government Bonds between Euronext Clearing and LCH SA.ESG innovation across the Group Euronext’s upgraded greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi): By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. On 12 January 2023  Euronext announced the launch of the CAC SBT 1.5°  an index investing solely in companies within the SBF 120 Index that have emissions reduction targets approved to be aigned with the 1.5° goal of the Paris agreement. Euronext entered the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  indices highlighting European companies that have demonstrated a strong role in improving gender equality. The gender equality score provider for these indices  Equileap  assesses each company’s commitment to gender equality from its boardroom to its supply chain  and is inspired by the UN Women’s Empowerment principles. The index methodology also applies activity-based exclusions  UNGC compliance and controversial activities exclusion.Euronext volumes January 2023In January 2023  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 794 million  down -29.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 625 398 contracts (-23.3% compared to January 2022) and the open interest was 21 803 069 contracts at the end of January 2022 (-14.6% compared to the end of January 2022).The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $19 646 million in January 2023  down -12.1% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were down -11.7% to € 19 309 million in January 2023  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €387 930 million  up +4.9% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 5 822 840 shares in January 2023  -27.4% compared to January 2022. €2 311 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +22.1% compared to the same period in 2022. 1 121 094 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +154.9% compared to January 2022. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -7.8% compared to January 2022  at 2 469 525 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 125 961 settlement instructions in January 2023  -13.8% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.3 trillion in January 2023  down -2.4% compared to January 2022.Upgrade of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ synergies targetEuronext upgrades its targeted 2024 annual run-rate pre-tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by €15 millon and now expects to deliver €115 million of cumulated annual run-rate pre tax synergies by the end of 2024.This compares to the €100 million already upgraded cumulated annual run-rate pre-tax synergies target announced in November 2021 and the initial target of €60 million set in October 2020.The €150 million of expected non-reccuring implementation costs remain unchanged.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 10 February 2023  at 09:00am CET (Paris time) / 08:00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2022 Q4 2021 FY 2022 FY 2021 Net income reported 99.3 112.7 437.8 413.3 EPS reported 0.93 1.05 4.10 4.30 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) (0.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (11.0) (13.9) (27.2) (57.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (23.1) (29.6) (91.4) (73.2) of which Net financing expense 3.1 0.0 2.3 (7.2) of which results from equity investments (0.0) 0.0 (1.5) (4.3) of which Minority interest 3.9 0.2 4.6 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.2 11.4 44.7 28.8 Adjusted net income 118.2 144.6 555.3 438.1 Adjusted EPS 1.11 1.35 5.21 5.47The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.26,0.15,True,English,"['full year 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'cash trading market share', 'diversified business model', 'tougher market conditions', 'cash trading volumes', 'volume related business', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'parent company shareholders', 'strong cash generation', 'real-time data businesses', 'continued cost disciplin', '83 new equity listings', 'strong inflationary pressure', 'Income tax rate', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'efficient cost control', 'Net financing expenses', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'Net treasury income', 'higher share count', 'full year 2022 results', 'pre-tax loss', 'power trading', 'leading venue', 'Trading revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'operational expenses', 'underlying revenue', 'efficient management', 'strong performance', 'equity investments', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'net income', 'Strong results', '2024 synergies target', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A', 'softer environment', 'second semester', 'settlement activity', 'product mix', 'debt listing', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Dividend proposal', 'pay-out ratio', 'Annual G', 'revenue capture', 'Post-trade revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Listing revenue', 'l5 % var', 'partial disposal', 'EBITDA margin', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'Q4', '9 February', 'FX', 'yield', 'uptick', 'October', 'Custody', 'consolidation', '29 April', 'resilience', 'Adjus', 'EPS', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'Story', 'income1', '28 July', '70', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18107,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/flow-traders-q422-results-063000964.html,FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS,FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q422 results. Highlights Flow Traders...,Flow Traders LtdFLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTSAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q422 results.HighlightsFlow Traders recorded Normalized total income of €113.9m in Q422 comprising Normalized NTI of €115.6m reflecting a continued active trading environment and Normalized other income of €(1.7)m with revisions to the valuations of certain investments. FY22 Normalized total income was €460.6m vs €387.1m in FY21Flow Traders Value Traded was broadly flat quarter-on-quarter as was the overall ETP market. Strong increases in equity and fixed income value traded further demonstrated the growing resilience and trading diversification of the businessNormalized operating expenses of €65.7m incurred in Q422 contributing to FY22 Normalized operating expenses of €252.4m. 19% year-on-year increase in fixed operating expenses when adjusted for effect of USD strengthening and targeted base compensation increases660 FTEs as at 31 December 2022 compared to 639 as at 30 September 2022Normalized EBITDA in Q422 reached €48.2m representing a margin of 42% contributing to FY22 Normalized EBITDA of €208.2m with a margin of 45%Q422 Normalized net profit amounted to €33.6m with Normalized basic EPS of €0.78. FY22 Normalized net profit amounted to €150.2m with Normalized basic EPS of €3.45Regulatory Own Funds Requirement (OFR) as at 31 December 2022 was €274m  resulting in excess capital of €264m as at 31 December 2022. Following the completion of the corporate holding structure update on 13 January 2022  group consolidated regulatory capital is no longer applicable going forward. Trading capital stood at €651m at the end of the fourth quarter  generating a 71% return on trading capitalFlow Traders proposes a final FY22 dividend of €0.80  implying a total dividend of €1.50 for FY22 and a 51% dividend payout ratioFinancial Overview€million Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Normalized total income 113.9 112.2 2% 460.6 387.1 19% Normalized net trading income 115.6 111.7 3% 459.5 384.0 20% EMEA 66.2 87.4 (24%) 312.5 245.8 27% Americas 37.1 14.4 157% 91.7 74.4 23% APAC 12.3 9.9 25% 55.2 63.8 (13%) Normalized other income (1.7) 0.4 - 1.1 3.1 (63%) Normalized employee expenses1 41.4 40.1 3% 164.0 140.3 17% Technology expenses 16.4 16.1 2% 61.2 49.7 23% Other expenses2 7.9 7.1 11% 27.3 18.7 46% Normalized operating expenses 65.7 63.3 4% 252.4 208.6 21% Normalized EBITDA1 48.2 48.8 (1%) 208.2 178.5 17% Depreciation / amortisation 4.7 4.4 - 16.8 15.3 - Write off of (in) tangible assets - - - 0.2 - - Normalized profit before tax 43.5 44.5 (2%) 191.2 163.2 17% Normalized tax 10.0 9.9 - 41.0 32.3 - Normalized net profit 33.6 34.5 (3%) 150.2 130.9 15% Normalized basic EPS3 (€) 0.78 0.79 3.45 3.00 Normalized EBITDA margin 42% 44% 45% 46%Value Traded OverviewStory continues€billion Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Flow Traders ETP Value Traded 396 409 (3%) 1 775 1 541 15% Europe 179 178 1% 787 703 12% Americas 195 212 (8%) 892 741 21% Asia 22 20 13% 96 97 (1%) Flow Traders non-ETP Value Traded 1 209 1 182 2% 4 989 4 209 19% Flow Traders Value Traded4 1 605 1 591 1% 6 765 5 750 18% Equity 780 714 9% 3 349 3 121 7% Fixed income 363 344 5% 1 323 1 036 28% Currency  Crypto  Commodity 451 495 (9%) 1 940 1 422 36% Other 11 37 (71%) 152 171 (11%) Market ETP Value Traded5 11 640 11 410 2% 51 811 36 835 41% Europe 506 532 (5%) 2 371 2 035 17% Americas 9 871 9 638 1% 44 675 31 056 44% Asia 1 353 1 240 9% 4 764 3 744 27% Asia ex China 403 395 2% 1 591 1 377 16%Regional HighlightsEUROPE:Robust trading performance in the region with meaningful contributions from all asset classes. Flow Traders maintained its position as the leading liquidity provider in ETPs  both on- and off-exchangeFlow Traders was again the lead sponsor at the Fixed Income Leadership Summit which took place in Nice in October as the fixed income and corporate credit trading business continues to increase its presence across the market. Retained Top 5 Bloomberg dealer rankings for executed tickets and volume in Flow Traders’ Euro IG universeAs a regulated and listed firm  Flow Traders is well-positioned in the digital assets space  utilizing proprietary trading infrastructure and diversified liquidity provision to continually support partners and the ecosystem through on- and off-exchange trading  accurate pricing  strategic investments  and centralized and on-chain market making. Regarding FTX  Flow Traders has an immaterial exposure and continues to manage risk effectively. Moreover  Flow Traders is supporting the Binance recovery fund which will provide liquidity to distressed crypto assets and is a key step ensuring greater stability in the broader crypto ecosystemAMERICAS:Fixed income trading contributed to a strong trading performance in Q4 in the Americas effectively leveraging recent investments amidst ongoing interest rate volatility. Further build-out of the fixed income business with continued improvement in various RfQ platform rankings in Q4Continued focus on international equity pricing capabilities  including ADR trading. Flow Traders has also opened a new office in Chicago on 1 February 2023 to further benefit from the city’s unique talent pool and academic diversityCreating closer proximity to the many innovative players in the US digital assets space to ensure Flow Traders remains well positioned to be part of this defining moment in the future of finance and technologyASIA:Continuing to build out activities in China  following receipt of Flow Traders' QFII license and the opening of the Shanghai office  with the purpose of helping to develop the local ETF market in making domestic and international indices efficiently available to investorsFlow Traders has started to leverage the US and European fixed income business with coverage in Asian trading hours for global coverage of both index products and selected single bondsActed as market maker in the CSOP Bitcoin Futures ETF (3066) which is HKEX’s first virtual asset ETF and reflects Flow Traders’ ongoing support for crypto and digital asset ETPs globallyFlow Traders CapitalFlow Traders Capital team has found that recent developments across the digital assets market have led to a number of strategic investment opportunities arising at more attractive entry valuations. Interest in strategically partnering with Flow Traders remains high and whilst new investment activity has reduced  focus has intensified on strategic planning with existing portfolio companies. The pipeline for new investment in both digital assets and traditional finance ecosystems remains strongTo date  Flow Traders Capital has made a total of 23 investments to date representing a total value of €25.3m - this reflects minor adjustments to the portfolio in Q4 through a robust valuation processShare Buyback ProgramAs of 8 February 2023  the total number of shares purchased under the ongoing €40m share buyback program is 1 159 791 shares at an average price of €21.33 for a total consideration of €24.7m. The purpose of the current buyback program is to return excess capital to shareholders. The intention is that shares repurchased as part of this program will initially be held in treasury and may be cancelled going forward3 513 011 shares are held in treasury as at 8 February 2023 with 1 490 365 treasury shares repurchased for the purpose of satisfying the requirements of various employee incentive plans and 2 022 646 shares repurchased for the purpose of returning excess capital to shareholdersCorporate Structure and LeadershipOn 13 January 2023  Flow Traders completed the update to its corporate holding structure. This followed receipt of shareholder approval at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 2 December 2022 and fulfilment of all regulatory and other customary closing conditions. As a result of the update  the top holding company is now Flow Traders Ltd  an exempted company limited by shares under the law of Bermuda with the listing on Euronext Amsterdam retained. The update of the corporate holding structure enables Flow Traders to become more competitive as a global liquidity provider  particularly in relation to regulatory capital management. Different capital requirements will apply following the update of the holding structure which are expected to expand Flow Traders' strategic growth options. Furthermore  it will create a more level playing field with global peers with respect to the regulatory capital framework. Flow Traders' regulated entities will continue to be subject to supervision by their respective regulatorsMike Kuehnel assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of Flow Traders Ltd. on 1 February 2023. Dennis Dijkstra’s intention not to seek reappointment and the CEO succession plan was announced on 18 November 2022OutlookWhile Flow Traders remains committed to bringing onboard additional talent in growth business areas  FTEs are expected to remain broadly flat during 2023 given expected efficiency gains. There is a strong commitment to maintain the fixed operating cost base in line with the December 2022 run-rate. Accordingly  normalized fixed operating expenses in 2023 are expected to amount to c. €175m - €185m compared to €161.6m in 2022Substantial progress has been made in the detailed and thorough review of Flow Traders' capital structure as announced at the time of the previous trading update and Flow Traders will remain focused on all arising opportunities to create shareholder value through systematic capital management going forwardManagement CommentsMike Kuehnel  CEO  stated:“In 2022 as a whole  we made considerable progress delivering on our strategic growth ambitions which has seen an even more resilient and diverse business emerge. It is encouraging to see a structural return on our recent investments in the business. Indeed  2022 saw record value traded versus last year across our three asset class pillars and we continue to grow our institutional counterparty base which now stands at more than 2 200. The successful completion of the update to our corporate holding structure means that we now have even greater trading flexibility and have laid the groundwork to undertake any potential inorganic growth activity.“Operating expense growth moderated in the fourth quarter and 2023 will see a continued focus on increasing the underlying efficiency of the business as we seek to further leverage the investments made in prior years. We also maintained our conservative capital position while implementing this growth strategy. Remaining cognisant of our trading capital position as well as the growth opportunities ahead  we have elected to pay a €0.80 per share final dividend to shareholders.“Despite increasing competition for talent in the market  we have been successful in attracting and recruiting the best talent and have welcomed many new colleagues in the past year. Lastly  on behalf of the entire Board and ExCo  I would like to take the opportunity to pay tribute to the professionalism  resilience  and loyalty of all our colleagues globally this past year. We are immensely grateful to our colleagues for their tremendous hard work which allowed for our considerable operational and strategic achievements and successes in 2022.”Folkert Joling  Chief Trading Officer  added:“Heightened levels of market activity delivered a strong trading performance in the fourth quarter with all regions contributing meaningfully. We have continued to expand and broaden our trading activities even further across different products and asset classes and this is reflected in the results achieved throughout 2022. Our robust and prudent approach to risk management meant that we were immaterially affected by the collapse of FTX in November and our status as a listed  transparent  seasoned market participant improved our overall standing with investors and other market participants. As to be expected  we reduced our overall trading capital exposure to the various crypto platforms we trade with  fully recognising the increased risks present in the broader crypto market. This trading capital was naturally deployed to other areas of the business. We retain our conviction around the long-term potential of crypto and DeFi from both a trading as well as a technological and financial markets innovation perspective.“Looking ahead for 2023  we remain focused on executing our growth plans with respect to our business lines of Equity  Fixed Income and Crypto  Currencies and Commodities. Our achievements in 2022 have reinforced our confidence in our ability to deliver further growth going forward.”Preliminary Financial Calendar24 February 2023 Release 2022 Annual Report31 March 2023 Start Silent Period ahead of Q123 trading update21 April 2023 Release Q123 trading update (no analyst conference call)26 April 2023 AGM28 April 2023 FY22 final dividend proposed ex-dividend date2 May 2023 FY22 final dividend proposed record date4 May 2023 FY22 final dividend proposed payment date30 June 2023 Start silent period ahead of H123 results21 July 2023 Release H123 results (inc. analyst conference call)Analyst Conference Call and WebcastThe Q422 results analyst conference call will be held at 10:00 am CET on Thursday 9 February 2023. The presentation can be downloaded at www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centre and the conference call can be followed via a listen-only audio webcast. A replay of the conference call will be available on the company website for at least 90 days.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsJonathan BergerPhone: +31 20 7996149Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996125Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Normalized PerformanceFlow Traders makes certain adjustments to various IFRS expense and profit measures in order to derive Alternative Performance Measures (APM). The policy is to exclude or adjust items that are considered to be significant in both nature or size and where the treatment as an adjusted item provides stakeholders with useful information to assess the year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter underlying performance. On this basis  the following items were adjusted or excluded for the Q422 results: Removal of IFRS 2 treatment of share-based payments which include the deferral of a portion of the current year share plans as well as recognition of prior years’ share plans. This adjustment provides insights into the relationship between the current year variable employee expenses and current year trading performance Other income line includes all the realized and unrealized results on Flow Traders’ long-term equity investments whether accounted for as Fair Value Other Comprehensive Income (FV OCI)  Fair Value Profit and Loss (FVPL) or Results of Equity Accounted Investments Exclusion of one-off expenses which relate specifically to the completed corporate holding structure update. These are not considered to be part of the underlying operating expenses of the business Tax expenses are adjusted based upon the pre-tax adjustments and/or excluded items aboveNormalized to IFRS Reconciliation€million Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Total income 115.5 111.7 3% 458.7 384.0 19% Net trading income 115.7 111.8 4% 460.2 384.0 20% Other income (0.2) (0.1) - (1.5) - - Employee expenses1 46.6 39.9 17% 176.8 156.2 13% Technology expenses 16.4 16.1 2% 61.2 49.7 23% Other expenses 7.9 7.1 11% 27.3 18.7 46% One off expenses 1.5 0.8 94% 14.1 - - Total operating expenses 72.4 63.9 13% 279.3 224.6 24% EBITDA 43.2 47.8 (10%) 179.3 159.4 12% Profit before tax 38.0 43.4 (12%) 161.7 144.7 12% Net profit 29.5 33.8 (13%) 126.8 114.9 10% Basic EPS3 (€) 0.68 0.78 2.92 2.63 Fully diluted EPS6 (€) 0.65 0.75 2.76 2.52 EBITDA margin 37% 43% 39% 42%Normalized EBITDA and margin are based on the relevant profit share percentage of operating result for the relevant financial period without any IFRS 2 adjustments for share-based payments. The profit share percentage was adjusted to 32.5% in Q222 from 35%. €1.5m of one-off expenses is also excludedTax based on estimated expected effective tax rate for the relevant financial period: Q422 - 22.9%; Q322 - 22.3%; FY22 - 21.4%; FY21 - 19.8%A summary reconciliation of Normalized to IFRS is presented below:€million Q422 Q322 FY22 FY21Normalized EBITDA 48.2 48.8 208.2 178.5 FV OCI adjustment 1.2 (0.5) (2.6) (2.5) Results of equity-accounted investments 0.4 - 0.6 (0.6) One off expenses (1.5) (0.8) (14.1) - Prior year share plans (7.0) (4.2) (25.4) (27.3) Current year share plan deferral 1.9 4.4 12.5 11.3 Other variable remuneration adjustment - - - - IFRS EBITDA 43.2 47.8 179.3 159.4Normalized net profit 33.6 34.5 150.2 130.9 Profit before tax IFRS adjustments (5.5) (1.1) (29.5) (18.4) Tax difference 1.4 0.4 6.1 2.5 IFRS net profit 29.5 33.8 126.8 114.9NotesFixed employee expenses: Q422 - €19.9m; Q322 - €19.0m; FY22 - €73.2m; FY21 - €53.7m FY21 other expenses includes €2.4m of business continuity plan-related expenses previously classified as one-off expenses Weighted average shares outstanding: Q422 - 43 050 126; Q322 - 43 615 044; FY22 - 43 476 990; FY21 - 43 699 300. 42 834 628 shares outstanding as at 31 December 2022 Value traded comprises ETPs  Futures and Cash Source - Flow Traders analysis Determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive share-based payments to employeesImportant Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.71,0.08,0.21,True,English,"['FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS', 'Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Flow Traders', 'Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change', 'Flow Traders’ Euro IG universe', 'Regulatory Own Funds Requirement', 'corporate holding structure update', 'Top 5 Bloomberg dealer rankings', 'ongoing interest rate volatility', 'various RfQ platform rankings', 'group consolidated regulatory capital', 'continued active trading environment', 'corporate credit trading business', 'Fixed Income Leadership Summit', 'international equity pricing capabilities', 'FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS', 'unaudited Q422 results', 'Binance recovery fund', 'Robust trading performance', 'proprietary trading infrastructure', '51% dividend payout ratio', 'final FY22 dividend', 'base compensation increases', 'chain market making', 'Flow Traders Ltd', 'leading liquidity provider', 'digital assets space', 'diversified liquidity provision', 'strong trading performance', 'Value Traded Overview', 'Fixed income trading', 'FY22 Normalized EBITDA', 'fixed income business', 'overall ETP market', 'net trading income', 'Market ETP Value', 'fixed operating expenses', 'broader crypto ecosystem', 'Trading capital', 'Strong increases', 'accurate pricing', 'continued improvement', 'trading diversification', 'total dividend', 'excess capital', 'Financial Overview', 'total income', 'tangible assets', 'crypto assets', 'exchange trading', 'Technology expenses', 'other income', 'growing resilience', 'year increase', 'net profit', 'basic EPS', 'employee expenses1', 'meaningful contributions', 'asset classes', 'lead sponsor', 'listed firm', 'immaterial exposure', 'key step', 'greater stability', 'Other expenses2', 'strategic investments', 'recent investments', 'fourth quarter', 'Regional Highlights', 'EBITDA margin', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'revisions', 'effect', 'USD', '660 FTEs', '31 December', '30 September', 'OFR', 'completion', '13 January', '71% return', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'APAC', 'EBITDA1', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'tax', 'Story', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Currency', 'Commodity', 'China', 'position', 'ETPs', 'place', 'Nice', 'October', 'presence', 'tickets', 'volume', 'regulated', 'partners', 'FTX', 'risk', 'build', 'focus']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18108,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lytix-biopharma-invitation-presentation-fourth-075600092.html,Lytix Biopharma: Invitation to presentation of fourth quarter and second half 2022 results  Thursday 16 February,"Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  will release its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results...","OSLO  Norway  Feb. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  will release its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results on Thursday  16 February 2023 at 8am CEST. The results will be presented in a webcast with CEO Øystein Rekdal  CDO Graeme Currie and CFO Gjest Breistein at 2:30pm CEST.We encourage you to send us questions in advance  to be addressed during the Q&A session. Please send your email to post@lytixbiopharma.com.The presentation and subsequent Q&A session will be held in English and may be viewed live by registering here: https://forms.office.com/e/q06xRZSrBVA recording of the presentation will be made available on https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/overview.html after the presentationFor more information  please contact:Gjest Breistein CFOgjest.breistein@lytixbiopharma.comOle Peter Nordby Head of IR & Communication Managerole.peter.nordby@lytixbiopharma.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-invitation-to-presentation-of-fourth-quarter-and-second-half-2022-results-thursday-16-february-301742895.htmlSOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Lytix Biopharma', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', 'Invitation', 'presentation', '2022 results', 'Thursday', 'February', 'subsequent Q&A session', 'Norwegian immuno-oncology company', 'CEO Øystein Rekdal', 'CDO Graeme Currie', 'Lytix Biopharma AS', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma', 'Ole Peter Nordby', 'CFO Gjest Breistein', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', '8am CEST', 'Communication Manager', 'original content', 'Norway', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', '2022 results', 'Thursday', 'February', 'webcast', '2:30pm', 'questions', 'advance', 'email', 'presentation', 'English', 'recording', 'lytixbiopharma', 'investors', 'information', 'Head', 'Cision', 'lytix-biopharma', 'fourth-quarter', 'second-half-2022-results']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18110,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-february-090000440.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 2 – February 8  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 2 – February 8  2023 February 9  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert...,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 2 – February 8  2023February 9  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 138 700 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 2  2023  up to and including February 8  2023  for €14.1 million and at an average share price of €101.61.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 2  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 777 500 77.4 99.52For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18111,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/euronext-has-no-plans-copy-rivals-cloud-computing-deal-3267221,Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal,LONDON : Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partne…,"LONDON : Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google.""One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of data centres of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious "" Boujnah told Reuters on Thursday.Euronext only uses a cloud provider for storing historical data  he said.""When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the data centres of companies which have decision-making centres outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU "" Boujnah added.Euronext said earlier on Thursday it has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption from a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group outside the bloc continued.""We analyse very carefully the dependency on certain providers "" Boujnah said as Euronext reported full year earnings.Earlier this week  the Bank for International Settlements said a ""rethink"" is needed on regulating how finance is becoming increasingly dependent on outside parties like cloud firms  which new EU rules will address.Euronext reported record full-year 2022 revenue and income of 1.418 billion euros ($1.52 billion)  up 9.3 per cent on 2021 due to consolidating its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Adjusted earnings per share in 2022 was down 4.8 per cent at 5.21 euros due to higher share count  and the company proposes to pay a dividend of 2.22 euros per share.Euronext said it has increased its 2024 annual pre-tax savings related to integrating Borsa Italiana by 15 million euros to 115 million  with around 70 million of this achieved by the end of 2023 as implementation costs remain unchanged.The savings are nearly double what was promised at the deal's outset.""This further demonstrates Euronext's successful track record in integrating acquired companies "" Boujnah said.($1 = 0.9307 euros)",neutral,0.03,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.66,True,English,"['cloud computing deal', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'rivals', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'record full-year 2022 revenue', 'successful track record', 'cloud computing giants', 'financial data firm', 'outside cloud computers', 'full year earnings', '2024 annual pre-tax savings', 'new EU rules', 'higher share count', 'pan-European exchange', 'cloud provider', 'outside parties', 'cloud firms', 'data centres', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'critical services', 'regulatory concerns', 'chief executive', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'strategic partnership', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centres', 'physical infrastructure', 'weekly report', 'commodity derivatives', 'ransomware attack', 'International Settlements', 'Borsa Italiana', 'implementation costs', '1.418 billion euros', '15 million euros', 'Stephane Boujnah', '5.21 euros', '2.22 euros', '0.9307 euros', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'CME', 'Nasdaq', 'partnerships', 'Alphabet', 'Amazon', 'Microsoft', 'Thursday', 'Google', 'reasons', 'use', 'regulators', 'Reuters', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'positions', 'disruption', 'bloc', 'dependency', 'providers', 'Bank', 'rethink', 'finance', 'income', 'acquisition', 'company', 'deal', 'outset']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,channelnewsasia.com
18112,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/akwel-2022-turnover-7-1-164500189.html,AKWEL: 2022 turnover up 7.1%,Thursday 09 February 2023 2022 TURNOVER UP 7.1% Turnover up by 11.3% on a like-for-like basisCurrent operating income projected to decline by around 40...,AkwelThursday 09 February 20232022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%Turnover up by 11.3% on a like-for-like basisCurrent operating income projected to decline by around 40%AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €988.5m for 2022.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 31 December)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% 4th quarter 249.4 223.5 +11.5% +14.6% Total for 12 months 988.5 922.6 +7.1% +11.3%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.INCREASE IN ACTIVITY IN Q4 2022In the last quarter of 2022  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €249.4 million  up by 11.5% when comparing published figures and by 14.6% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.With this third consecutive quarter of increased activity  in an environment that continues to be disrupted by component shortages and inflation  the Group ends 2022 with a 7.1% annual increase in turnover compared with 2021. This remains around 10% lower than 2019  the last financial year before the health crisis and the fall in global markets.On a like-for-like basis  the increase in annual turnover was +11.3%. Currency fluctuations resulted in an annual impact of -€38.2m  with the Turkish lira accounting for -€72.7m and the US dollar accounting for -€33.2m.GROWTH BOOSTED BY ACTIVITY IN NORTH AMERICAThe geographical breakdown by production zone was as follows in 2022:France: €268.7m (+1.5%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €268.6m (-3.4%)North America: €298.8m (+27.2%)Asia and the Middle East (including Turkey): €146.9m (+6.7%)South America: €5.5m (-21.0%)SUSTAINED DEVELOPMENT FOR THE COOLING PRODUCT LINEIn 2002  the Products and Functions turnover stood at €951.4m  up by 7.8%  with an increase posted across almost all of the Group's product lines. The Cooling (+17.4%)  Washer Systems (+11.6%) and Air (+10.9%) product lines were among the most dynamic during this financial year. The Decontamination product line limited its contraction to 1.5%. Turnover for Tooling was €21.4m over the period.Story continuesNET CASH POSITION OF €115.1mNet cash excluding lease obligations fell by €7.6m in Q4 to reach €115.1m at closing  an increase of €6.7m over the year.OUTLOOKAs expected  the Group’s profitability was impacted by supply constraints and the difficulties in passing on the inflationary impacts recorded across all operating costs  with current operating income expected to fall by around 40% for 2022.For the 2023 financial year  in an environment in which visibility over the global automotive market remains very limited due to economic and geopolitical tensions  AKWEL anticipates a slight increase in turnover.Next press release: 2022 annual results  05 April 2023  after the markets close.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['AKWEL', '2022 turnover', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'The Decontamination product line', 'Next press release', 'COOLING PRODUCT LINE', 'Current operating income', 'third consecutive quarter', 'independent, family-owned group', 'global automotive market', 'exchange rates', 'product lines', 'The Cooling', 'operating costs', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'mechanism management', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', 'component shortages', 'health crisis', 'global markets', 'Currency fluctuations', 'annual impact', 'Turkish lira', 'US dollar', 'NORTH AMERICA', 'geographical breakdown', 'production zone', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'SUSTAINED DEVELOPMENT', 'Washer Systems', 'CASH POSITION', 'Net cash', 'lease obligations', 'supply constraints', 'inflationary impacts', 'geopolitical tensions', '2022 annual results', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'The Group', 'financial year', 'Consolidated turnover', 'annual turnover', 'Functions turnover', 'fluid management', '7.1% annual increase', 'slight increase', 'AKW.PA', 'Akwel', 'Thursday', 'February', 'basis', 'PEA', 'revenue', 'January', '31 December', 'millions', 'Variation', '12 months', 'figures', 'ACTIVITY', 'Q4', 'published', 'scope', 'constants', 'environment', 'fall', 'GROWTH', 'France', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Turkey', 'Products', 'Air', 'contraction', 'Tooling', 'period', 'Story', 'closing', 'OUTLOOK', 'profitability', 'difficulties', 'visibility', 'economic', 'mechanisms', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18113,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/key-information-relating-cash-dividend-060000011.html,Key Information Relating to Cash Dividend in February,Oslo  9 February 2023 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that pursuant to the authorization granted at the Annual General Meeting...,DNO ASAOslo  9 February 2023 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that pursuant to the authorization granted at the Annual General Meeting held on 25 May 2022  the Board of Directors has approved a dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share to be made on or about 22 February 2023 to all shareholders of record as of 15 February 2023. DNO shares will be traded ex-dividend as of 14 February 2023.Dividend amount: NOK 0.25 per share Declared currency: NOK Last day including right: 13 February 2023 Ex-date: 14 February 2023 Record date: 15 February 2023 Payment date: 22 February 2023 (on or about) Date of approval: 8 February 2023  based on authorization granted 25 May 2022–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.4 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Key Information', 'Cash Dividend', 'February', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'DNO shares', 'Dividend amount', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'Record date', 'Payment date', '9 February', 'authorization', '25 May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'NOK', '22 February', 'shareholders', '15 February', '14 February', 'currency', 'right', '13 February', 'approval', '8 February', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'Company', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18114,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vgp-announces-audio-webcast-review-180000677.html,VGP Announces Audio Webcast to Review 2022 Financial Results,9 February 2023  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  announces...,VGP NV9 February 2023  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  announces the details for the audio webcast to review its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022:Thursday  23 February 2023 at 10.30 a.m. (CET)Webcast link: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vgp/20230223_1/ The link above will allow you to register for the event. The presentation can be attended from your laptop  tablet or mobile device. Audio will stream through your selected device.Please join the audio webcast 5-10 minutes prior to the start time. The financial results are scheduled to be released at approximately 7:00 a.m. (CET) on the date noted above  and presentation slides will be made available on www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/publications/ under Financial & Operating Results.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432 Anette NachbarBrunswick Group Tel: +49 152 288 10363ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP has a staff of circa 380 FTEs today and operates in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of June 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.53 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.34 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels. (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: www.vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Audio Webcast', '2022 Financial Results', 'VGP', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'integrated business model', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'value chain', 'European provider', 'high-quality logistics', 'start time', 'Operating Results', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'Investor Relations', 'Karen Huybrechts', 'Anette Nachbar', 'pan-European owner', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', '17 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'audio webcast', 'financial results', 'Webcast link', 'mobile device', 'presentation slides', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'Brunswick Group', 'VGP NV', '9 February', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'year', 'Thursday', '10.30 a', 'CET', 'event', 'laptop', 'tablet', 'selected', '7:00 a', 'date', 'vgpparks', 'investors/publications', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '380 FTEs', 'June', 'company', 'ISIN', 'information', 'Attachment', '32']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18116,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/dip-in-income-for-irish-stock-exchange-owner-euronext-after-tough-year-in-financial-markets-42335093.html,Dip in income for Irish Stock Exchange owner Euronext after tough year in financial markets,Euronext  the owner of the Irish stock exchange the Irish Stock Exchange  suffered a slight loss of net income across its network as trading revenue dipped in a tough year for financial markets.,Euronext remained the top venue in Europe for new stock exchange listings by welcoming 83 companies to market during the year. Photo: BloombergEuronext  the owner of the Irish stock exchange the Irish Stock Exchange  suffered a slight loss of net income across its network as trading revenue dipped in a tough year for financial markets.The pan-European exchange  with markets in Dublin  Amsterdam  Brussels  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris  reported a 1.6pc decrease in pro forma annual earnings to €861.6m.While profits grew a reported 11.7pc  the headline figure was flattered by comparison to the previous year’s figures  before the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana. When the Italian exchange’s pre-deal performance is taken into consideration  net income fell during the year.Euronext remained the top venue in Europe for new stock exchange listings by welcoming 83 companies to market during the year. However  this was less than half the 212 new equity debuts registered in 2021  when a Covid capital markets bonanza was underway.There were no initial public offerings on the Irish Stock Exchange in 2022.Nonetheless  listing revenue grew to €218.4m  up 7.3pc on a pro forma basis  which the company said demonstrated “the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions”. Euronext’s status as the leading venue for debt listing globally contributed to the performance.Trading revenue fell 0.8pc on a pro forma basis after a very strong start to the year when volume and volatility rose across markets due to the war in Ukraine and a changing interest rate environment across the US  UK and eurozone.Euronext said it would pay shareholders a dividend of €236.6m - 50pc of the company’s reported income.,negative,0.02,0.07,0.91,negative,0.0,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['Irish Stock Exchange owner', 'tough year', 'financial markets', 'Dip', 'income', 'Euronext', 'changing interest rate environment', 'pro forma annual earnings', 'new stock exchange listings', 'Covid capital markets bonanza', 'pro forma basis', '212 new equity debuts', 'Irish stock exchange', 'initial public offerings', 'tougher market conditions', 'pan-European exchange', 'Italian exchange', 'top venue', 'slight loss', 'trading revenue', 'financial markets', '1.6pc decrease', 'headline figure', 'Borsa Italiana', 'listing revenue', 'leading venue', 'debt listing', 'strong start', 'net income', 'pre-deal performance', 'tough year', 'previous year', 'Euronext', '83 companies', 'Photo', 'Bloomberg', 'owner', 'network', 'Dublin', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'profits', 'figures', 'acquisition', 'consideration', 'company', 'resilience', 'business', 'status', 'volume', 'volatility', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'eurozone', 'shareholders', '50pc']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,independent.ie
18117,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unibail-rodamco-westfield-reports-fy-063000417.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Reports FY-2022 Earnings,Paris  Amsterdam  February 9  2023 Press release UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2022 EARNINGS Adjusted Recurring EPS of €9.31 up 34.7% vs. 2021 thanks ...,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEParis  Amsterdam  February 9  2023Press releaseUNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2022 EARNINGSAdjusted Recurring EPS of €9.31 up 34.7% vs. 2021 thanks to Shopping Centres performance and strong rebound in Convention & Exhibition activityShopping Centre tenant sales and rent collection at pre-COVID levels with consistent improvement across all operating metricsStrong operational performance and continued deleveraging leading to improved credit metrics with Net Debt/EBITDA now at 9.6x – better than 2019 levels2023 AREPS forecasted to be in the range of €9.30 to €9.5012022 in review:Tenant sales reached 103% of 2019 levels  with Europe 2 at 100% and the US at 108% of 2019 levelsRent collection at 97%  in line with 2019 levelsShopping Centre vacancy at 6.5% (June 2021: 8.9%  December 2019: 5.4%)€441 Mn of Minimum Guaranteed Rent (MGR) signed (+26% vs. 2021  +14% vs. 2019)  at uplift of +6.2% including +14.4% on long-term deals51% increase in Commercial Partnerships revenues 3 to €175 Mn (2021: €116 Mn) – with strong growth in European advertising  brand and data activities (2022 net margin: €46 Mn  2021: €30 Mn)Recovery of Convention & Exhibition Net Operating Income at €190 Mn (2021: €55 Mn  2018: €165 Mn)Offices & Others Net Rental Income of €70 Mn  up +23.2% on like-for-like basis  reflecting leasing progress at Trinity2022 EBITDA +30% at €2 209 Mn (2021: €1 697 Mn)€2.8 Bn of disposal transactions in 2022 with €1.6 Bn for Europe and €1.2 Bn for the US2022 IFRS Net Financial Debt reduced by -€1.9 Bn to €20.7 Bn and fully hedged against interest rates increases for the coming yearsRefinancing needs secured for the next 36 months with €13.0 Bn 4 of cash on hand and available facilitiesSuccessful delivery of Les Ateliers Gaîté (Paris)  “Rue de la Boucle” at Westfield Forum des Halles (Paris)  Westfield Topanga extension (Los Angeles) and the first phase of Coppermaker Square residential (London)2023 AREPS guidance of €9.30 to €9.50 reflects consistent underlying operational performanceCommenting on the results  Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer  said:“URW achieved excellent financial results in 2022  confirming the end of any COVID effect on our business. In particular  tenant sales and rent collection returned to pre-pandemic levels and we delivered consistent improvement in operating metrics across all regions.Our proactive leasing strategy yielded a higher proportion of longer-term leases at increased rents while we also benefitted from Sales Based Rents and the positive impact of indexation. In 2023  we will perform as retailers and brands optimise their store networks with us  with a focus on the most productive stores in prime locations as part of their drive-to-store strategies.Strong growth in Commercial Partnerships revenues clearly demonstrated the opportunity to generate new revenues from qualifying the audience of visitors to our centres  especially in Europe where we launched Westfield Rise  an in-house media advertising agency.Higher earnings  combined with a -€1.9 Bn debt reduction thanks to disposals in the US and Europe  translated into enhanced credit metrics. The Group’s robust operational performance and strong liquidity position allows us to progress our deleveraging programme in a timely and orderly manner  including the radical reduction of our US financial exposure.The Group is on track to deliver its “2024 and beyond” strategy  which includes maximising asset value through the disciplined delivery of our committed pipeline and unlocking new development opportunities  with a focus on urban regeneration and environmental transition projects.”FY-2022 FY-2021 Growth Like-for-like growth5 Net Rental Income (in € Mn) 2 226 1 724 29.1% 27.4%6 Shopping Centres 2 024 1 632 24.0% 21.5%7 Offices & Others 70 60 16.0% 23.2% Convention & Exhibition 132 32 n.m. n.m. EBITDA (in € Mn) 2 209 1 697 30.2% Recurring net result (in € Mn) 1 339 1 005 33.2% Recurring EPS (in €) 9.66 7.26 33.1% Adjusted Recurring EPS (in €) 9.31 6.91 34.7% Dec. 31  2022 Dec. 31  2021 Growth Like-for-like growth Proportionate portfolio valuation (in € Mn) 52 250 54 473 -4.1% -2.7% EPRA Net Reinstatement Value (in € per stapled share) 155.70 159.60 -2.4%Figures may not add up due to rounding2022 A REPS : € 9.3 1Reported AREPS amounted to €9.31  up +34.7% compared to 2021  mainly driven by strong Shopping Centre operational performance (including the end of COVID-19 rent relief  lower doubtful debtors and higher variable income)  the recovery of the C&E division and the delivery of projects  partly offset by disposals  increase in financial expenses and taxes. Rebasing both periods for the COVID-19 rent relief  the AREPS would have increased by +13.0%.OPERATING PERFORMANCEShopping CentresLike-for-like shopping centre NRI was up by +21.5%8 for the Group  and by +25.4% in Continental Europe  and up +12.0%8 in the US and +21.4% in the UK. All regions benefitted from higher variable income and lower doubtful debtors due to higher rent collection including 2021 rents. Performance in Continental Europe was also positively impacted by the end of COVID-19 rent discounts as well as indexation  and in the UK by lower rent relief and higher Sales Based Rents (SBR). The US benefitted from higher SBR  parking income and Commercial Partnerships  partly offset by negative MGR uplifts on short-term deals. Excluding the impact of COVID-19 rent relief  the like-for-like NRI growth would be +7.8% for the Group.2022 tenant sales9 were at 103% of 2019 levels  including 101% in Continental Europe  96% in the UK and 108% in the US  and footfall10 was at 90% of 2019 levels  including 88% in Continental Europe  89% in the UK and 94% in the US (96% excluding Westfield World Trade Center and Westfield San Francisco Centre in which footfall remains affected by work-from-home trends). Footfall is expected to continue to grow as vacancy decreases.In H2-2022  European tenant sales reached 102% of 2019 levels (vs. 98% in H1-2022). Sales performance in 2022 differed by sector in Europe. In particular  Health and Beauty was +11%  Sports +15%  while Fashion -5% and Entertainment -12% vs. 2019 levels. Entertainment saw an improvement from -14% in H1 to -10% in H2 and Fashion from -7% to -2%.In the US  tenant sales have consistently outperformed pre-COVID levels since H1-2021. Overall  2022 sales came to 108% of 2019 levels driven by Flagship assets at 117%  Regionals at 100% and partly offset by the Central Business District (“CBD”)11 assets at 74%. The strong growth continued to be broad-based with almost all categories performing above 2019 levels  such as Luxury (+83%)  Home (+37%)  F&B (+10%) and Fashion (+3%). Entertainment saw an improvement from -25% in H1 to -12% in H2.Rent collection12 amounted to 97% for 2022 (vs. 88% at FY-2021 and 96% in H1-2022)  including 97% in Continental Europe  99% in the UK and 97% in the US  returning to pre-COVID levels. The Group continued to collect 2021 rents  leading to an improvement of 2021 rent collection from 88% to 93% between February 2022 and December 2022.URW signed €441 Mn of MGR13 during 2022 (+26% compared to 2021) with an MGR uplift of +6.2% (vs. -5.2% in 2021). As market conditions improved  the proportion of long-term deals signed also increased from 61% of MGR signed in 2021 to 68% in 2022. The MGR uplift for leases longer than 36 months came to +14.4% for the Group  with Continental Europe at +8.9%  the UK at +3.6% and the US at +36.0%.SBR14  which are mainly generated in the US  increased to €123.6 Mn in 2022 (6.1% of NRI) from €80.2 Mn in 2021 (5.0% of NRI) of which €77.7 Mn was for the US and €45.9 Mn for Europe.Vacancy for Shopping Centres at a Group level decreased significantly to 6.5% at FY-2022  down from 8.9% at H1-2021 and 7.0% at FY-2021. In Continental Europe  vacancy was 3.1%  down from 4.0% in December 2021 and 5.0% in June 2021. In the UK  vacancy also decreased from 12.2% in June 2021 and 10.6% in December 2021 to 9.4% at FY-2022. In the US  the vacancy reduced to 10.4% at FY-2022 from 14.0% in June 2021 and 11.0% at FY-2021  with vacancy decreasing by -110 bps year-on-year to 8.2% in the Flagships.Indexation and inflationURW rents are indexed on a yearly basis in Continental Europe. 2022 indexation contribution to like-for-like retail NRI performance in Continental Europe was +3.6%  reflecting 2021 inflation due to the usual time lag between contractual indexation and inflation. In the UK and the US  leases are not tied to actual CPI figures but the Group benefitted from inflation through SBR.Commercial PartnershipsRevenue from Commercial Partnerships15 increased from €76.2 Mn in 2021 to €115.5 Mn in 2022  driven in part by the launch in Europe of Westfield Rise  an in-house media  brand experience and data partnerships agency.Total Westfield Rise activity in Europe amounted to €45.5 Mn in net margin at 100% share in 2022  up +23% compared to 2019 (and +52% compared to 202116). This new division (for which figures are reported at 100%) will generate €75 Mn16 in annual net margin by 2024  a +€45 Mn increase compared to 2021  with strong potential growth beyond 2024.Offices & OthersOffice NRI increased by +16.0%  primarily as a result of deliveries of Pullman Montparnasse and Gaîté Montparnasse offices  partly offset by 2021 and 2022 disposals  especially Solna Centrum. On a like-for-like basis  office NRI increased by +23.2%  with +44.2% in France  mainly due to leasing activity at Trinity in La Défense  now 74% let.Two new leases (Santarelli and Alain Afflelou) were signed for Trinity in 2022 at an average rent of c. €567/sqm17  with lease incentives below the market average. In addition  33 100 sqm were leased on projects  including Lightwell in La Défense (80% pre-let) and Westfield Hamburg offices (29% pre-let)  both due to be delivered in 2024.Convention & ExhibitionIn 2022  Viparis hosted 617 events (including 189 exhibitions  75 congresses and 353 corporate events) compared to 236 events in 2020 and 721 events in 2018.Convention & Exhibition recurring NOI amounted to €190.2 Mn compared to €55.2 Mn in 2021 and €164.7 Mn in 2018. This includes the €25 Mn contribution from the French State to compensate closure periods in earlier years. Restated from this and triennial shows (held in 2018 and 2022)  the NOI is slightly above 2018  due to the strong recovery of activity and the shift of certain biannual shows  despite the remaining impact of COVID-19 in the first quarter.As at January 31  2023  signed and pre-booked events in Viparis venues for 2023 amounted to 86%18 of 2019 pre-bookings  the last comparable year.D ISPOSALSIn total  the Group completed disposals in Europe and in the US that represents €1.8 Bn of IFRS net debt reduction.In Europe  URW completed disposals in 2022 that represents a €1.2 Bn of IFRS net debt reduction at an average NIY of 5.5% and an average premium to last unaffected book value of +2.7%. Deals completed include the disposal of Solna Centrum (Stockholm region)  the building rights for two residential buildings at Westfield Hamburg (Hamburg)  a 45% interest in Westfield Carré Sénart (Paris region)  Gera Arcaden (Gera)  Almere Centrum (Amsterdam region)  Carré Sénart Shopping Parc (Paris region) and Villeneuve 2 (Lille region). In addition  URW’s partner in Aupark exercised its call option for the acquisition of an additional 27% stake.In total  URW has now reached €3.2 Bn19 of its €4.0 Bn European disposals programme representing 80%  at an average NIY of 4.9% (including 5.4% for the Shopping Centres and 3.9% for the Offices & Others)  a premium to the last unaffected appraisal of +4.9% (including +1.3% for the Shopping Centres and +12.3% for the Offices & Others). The Group expects to complete the European disposals programme during 2023.URW will continue the asset and property management for several of the assets sold  including Aupark  Westfield Carré Sénart  Gera Arcaden and Carré Sénart Shopping Parc  allowing the Group to earn management fees and consequently increase the return on investment for those assets.In the US  the Group also continued efforts to streamline its US Regional portfolio with the completion in 2022 of a total of $0.6 Bn of disposals20. These include the disposals of the Promenade development parcel in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles  Westfield Santa Anita  The Village at Topanga  as well as Westfield Trumbull and Westfield South Shore. These transactions were completed at a discount of -0.5% to 2021 book value. Together with the disposal of the Palisade residential building and the ownership transfer of five other regional properties in 2021  URW has made $1.3 Bn in total proceeds to date from the planned radical reduction of its financial exposure to the US.In 2023  the Group will continue to streamline its remaining US Regional asset portfolio. URW is committed to the radical reduction of its financial exposure to the US  a process that is supported by the strong operational performance of the assets and the Group’s liquidity position.DELIVERIES & PIPELINEThe Total Investment Cost (TIC)21 of URW’s development pipeline decreased by -€0.1 Bn to €3.1 Bn  compared to December 31  2021  mainly as a result of the delivery of projects  representing €0.4 Bn  new projects and increasing costs.In 2022  the Group delivered the 19 439 sqm Westfield Topanga extension  “Rue de la Boucle”  a 10 000 sqm destination at Westfield Forum des Halles  the Gaîté Montparnasse Office project as well as Les Ateliers Gaîté shopping centre (33 364 sqm) to complete the Gaîté Montparnasse mixed-use complex  one of the most ambitious and largest urban regeneration projects in Paris. The average letting22 of these deliveries stands at 88% as at December 31  2022.Committed projects amount to €2.4 Bn  of which €1.2 Bn has already been invested. The two main projects are the mixed used development in Hamburg (Westfield Hamburg-Überseequartier) and the residential project of Coppermaker Square.In 2023  URW plans to deliver the Garbera shopping centre extension project  Coppermaker Square Retail (a leisure development adjacent to Westfield Stratford City)  the renovation project of the Westfield Les 4 Temps main plaza “La Clairière”  CNIT Eole  a redevelopment at the CNIT shopping centre  and Fisketorvet dining area. The average pre-letting22 of these projects stands at 81%.VALUATIONThe proportionate Gross Market Value (GMV) of the Group’s assets as at December 31  2022  decreased by-4.1% to €52.2 Bn from €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  mainly as a result of disposals (-€1.8 Bn) and a like-for-like portfolio revaluation of -€1.3 Bn (-2.7%)  partly offset by CAPEX  Acquisitions and Transfers (+€0.9 Bn) and positive FX moves (+€0.4 Bn). The like-for-like shopping centres valuation was -2.6% for 2022 including-2.3% in H2 as appraisers increased their assumption of discount and exit cap rates.The EPRA Net Reinstatement Value per share came to €155.70 as at December 31  2022  down -€3.90 (-2.4%) compared to December 31  2021  mainly driven by the revaluation of investment properties  partly offset by the retained recurring results.FINANCIAL RESOURCESAs at December 31  2022  the Group’s IFRS net financial debt decreased to €20.7 Bn (from €22.6 Bn as at December 31  2021) mainly driven by the disposals completed in 2022.The Group’s credit metrics improved over the period supported by strong operational performance and deleveraging progress. URW’s Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratio23 decreased to 41.2% (vs. 43.3% as at December 31  2021)  Net debt/EBITDA24 ratio decreased to 9.6x (vs. 13.7x in 2021)  below its 2019 level (9.9x)  the Interest Coverage Ratio (ICR) increased to 4.2x (vs. 3.3x in 2021)  and Funds from Operations to Net Financial Debt (FFO/NFD) ratio improved to 7.6% (vs. 5.0% in 2021).Over 2022  URW further strengthened its liquidity position by raising €1 332 Mn (€1 682 Mn on a proportionate basis) of medium to long-term funds25 in the mortgage and corporate bank debt market  out of which €900 Mn (€1 250 Mn on a proportionate basis) is sustainability-linked.The Group’s liquidity position increased by ca. +€0.9 Bn over the year to reach €13.0 Bn and €13.2 Bn on a proportionate basis including €3.3 Bn of cash on hand26 (vs. €2.3 Bn as at December 31  2021)  allowing the Group to fully secure its debt maturities for the next 36 months.Regarding the €1.25 Bn perpetual non-call 2023 hybrid  the terms and conditions of the instrument provide for the issuer a call option27 in 2023  and annually thereafter.The decision regarding this call will be made ahead of its First Reset Date28 (i.e. October 25  2023).The Group’s average debt maturity29 stood at 8.3 years.The Group’s average cost of debt remained stable at 2.0%  representing a blended average cost of 1.5% for Euro30 denominated debt and 3.8% for USD and GBP denominated debt  thanks to both the Group’s hedging instruments in place limiting the impact of rates increases and to positive cash deposit rates.The Group’s debt is fully hedged for 2023 and the following years  limiting the impact of any rates increase on the Group’s financial expenses for 2023.ESG2022 marks another year of ESG progress for the Group under its Better Places 2030 strategy. Having achieved a -17% reduction of energy intensity since 2015 in Europe  URW set an additional target to reduce its energy intensity by -15% in 2022 compared to 2019 in Europe to support national and European efforts to address the energy crisis. Thanks to a range of proactive measures  URW was able to outperform this target  reaching -19.8%  supporting both governments efforts and mitigating costs impacts for tenants.URW is on track to meet all Better Places 2030 targets  including cutting carbon emissions by 50% between 2015 and 2030. The Group is committed to contribute to global carbon neutrality and will present a step-change update to its plan in autumn 2023  with a view to establishing new commitments.The Group’s CSR agenda was recognised by equity and debt investors as a value creation driver for its stakeholders. In 2022  URW inclusion in the main ESG indices was confirmed and the Group’s sustainability achievements were registered in ratings and awards.2023 GUIDANCEThanks to the improvement in 2022 operating performance  higher indexation  the positioning of the Group on prime and well-located assets  and retailers’ drive-to-store strategies  as well as deleveraging progress  URW is well-positioned to continue to perform in what is expected to remain an uncertain macro environment in 2023.In this context  the Group forecasts its 2023 AREPS to be in the range of €9.30 to €9.50. The main drivers of this guidance are:Consistent performance in our retail operations versus 2022 with inflation protection through indexation and SBR;The impact of large event scheduling changes in 2022  leading to a naturally lower Convention & Exhibition activity in 2023;Full-year effect of 2022 disposals  impact of US regional streamlining and the European disposal programme;Contribution of 2022 and 2023 project deliveries;Stable cost of funding thanks to Group’s hedging programme;FX impact with the strengthening of the Euro vs. USD.This guidance does not include major disposals in the US in the context of the radical reduction of its financial exposure.The Group assumes no major energy-related restrictions  nor major deterioration to the macro-economic and geopolitical environment.DIVIDENDComplying with the deleveraging commitments made in 2021  the Group will not pay a dividend for fiscal year 2022.Given the statutory results of URW SE in 2022 (+€90 Mn in 2022 and cumulated negative retained earnings of -€2 341 Mn)  the Group has no obligation to pay a dividend in 2023 for the fiscal year 2022 under the SIIC regime and other REIT regimes it benefits from. Consequently  URW SE’s total carry forward SIIC distribution obligation  standing at €1 720 Mn as at December 31  2022  will be delayed until URW SE has sufficient statutory results to meet this obligation. These statutory results do not prevent URW SE from making distributions out of its premium.EURONEXT LISTINGThe Group started discussions with Euronext in order to change its market of reference from Euronext Amsterdam to Euronext Paris as part of an initiative to simplify its structure given limited trading activity on that market. As a part of this request  the Group intends to delist the URW Stapled Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  while maintaining a single listing on Euronext Paris. The delisting from Euronext Amsterdam would not affect the liquidity of the shares nor have any impact on trading  URW’s organisation (including the stapled share principle) or the ISIN code (FR0013326246) of the Group.Subject to approval by the Euronext Listing Board  the Group expects these changes to be effective by the end of April 2023.Further information regarding this process will be communicated as appropriate.FINANCIAL SCHEDULEThe next financial events on the Group’s calendar will be:April 26  2023: Q1 trading updateMay 10  2023: AGM Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEJuly 27  2023: H1-2023 resultsFor further information  please contact:Investor RelationsAudrey Arnoux+33 6 61 27 07 39Audrey.Arnoux@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frUnited States:Molly Morse – Kekst CNC+ 1 212 521 4826Molly.Morse@kekstcnc.comAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 45 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.com1 Please refer to the guidance in page ix for further detail.2 Incorporates Continental Europe and UK.3 At 100%.4 On an IFRS basis.5 Like-for-like NRI: Net Rental Income excluding acquisitions  divestments  transfers to and from pipeline (extensions  brownfields or redevelopment of an asset when operations are stopped to enable works)  all other changes resulting in any change to square metres and currency exchange rate differences in the periods analysed.6 Including airports.7 Excluding airports.8 Excluding airports.9 Tenant sales for all centres (except The Netherlands) in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Westfield La Part-Dieu  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT  Gropius Passagen and Garbera) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding El Corte Inglés sales from Westfield Parquesur and La Vaguada  excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Auto category for Europe and Auto and Department Stores for the US. In addition  sales have been restated from the disposals occurred during the year. H2 figures are based on the scope of assets in operation over the full year. H1 figures have been restated accordingly.10 Footfall for all centres in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Westfield La Part-Dieu  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT  Gropius Passagen  Garbera and Westfield Mall of the Netherlands) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  and excluding in the US  the centres for which no comparable data of the previous year is available. In addition  footfall has been restated from the disposals occurred during the year. H2 figures are based on the scope of assets in operation over the full year. H1 figures have been restated accordingly.11 Westfield World Trade Center and Westfield San Francisco Centre.12 For the Shopping Centre division  including service charges  as at February 2  2023.13 All letting figures exclude deals <12 months.14 Excluding airports.15 Group figure (Europe and US) on a proportionate basis. Commercial Partnerships includes both the new Media  Brand & Data Partnerships division presented during the Investor Day in March 2022 and now called “Westfield Rise”  as well as kiosks  seasonal markets  pop-ups  and car park activations (“Specialty leasing & other income”).16 As published at the Investor Day.17 Average weighted face rent excluding Welkin & Meraki floors (flex space operator) with SBR.18 In number of events.19 IFRS net debt reduction. €3.1 Bn on a proportionate basis.20 IFRS net debt reduction. $0.7 Bn on a proportionate basis.21 URW Total Investment Cost (TIC) equals 100% TIC multiplied by URW's percentage stake in the project  adjusted by specific own costs and income  if any. 100% TIC is expressed in value at completion. It equals the sum of: (i) all capital expenditures from the start of the project to the completion date and includes: land costs  construction costs  study costs  design costs  technical fees  tenant fitting-out costs paid for by the Group  letting fees and related costs  eviction costs and vacancy costs for renovations or redevelopments of standing assets; and (ii) opening marketing expenses. It excludes: (i) step rents and rent-free periods; (ii) capitalised financial interests; (iii) overhead costs; (iv) early or lost Net Rental Income; and (v) IFRS adjustments.22 GLA signed  all agreed to be signed and financials agreed.23 Including the hybrids  the LTV would be 45.2% (46.7% on a proportionate basis).24 On an IFRS basis and on last 12 months basis.25 Including credit facility renewals.26 €3.5 Bn on a proportionate basis.27 On any day in the period starting on and including the 90th calendar day prior to the First Reset Date (i.e. October 25  2023).28 With the Reset Rate of Interest being equal to the sum of the 5-Year Euro Mid Swaps as at October 23  2023 and the Relevant Margin (i.e. 1.675% until October 24  2028).29 Considering the undrawn credit lines (subject to covenants) and cash on hand.30 Including SEK.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.08,0.02,True,English,"['Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Reports', 'strong Shopping Centre operational performance', 'Les Ateliers Gaîté', 'Rue de la Boucle', 'house media advertising agency', 'growth5 Net Rental Income', '2022 IFRS Net Financial Debt', 'EPRA Net Reinstatement Value', 'consistent underlying operational performance', 'Others Net Rental Income', 'OPERATING PERFORMANCE Shopping Centres', 'Exhibition Net Operating Income', 'Shopping Centre tenant sales', 'robust operational performance', 'Strong operational performance', 'Shopping Centre vacancy', 'Shopping Centres performance', 'higher variable income', 'interest rates increases', 'Coppermaker Square residential', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Proportionate portfolio valuation', 'lower doubtful debtors', 'C&E division', 'strong liquidity position', 'Commercial Partnerships revenues', 'Recurring net result', 'Minimum Guaranteed Rent', 'COVID-19 rent relief', 'new development opportunities', 'Westfield Topanga extension', 'higher rent colle', 'excellent financial results', 'proactive leasing strategy', 'environmental transition projects', 'Sales Based Rents', 'US financial exposure', '6 Shopping Centres', 'Net Debt/EBITDA', '22 net margin', 'new revenues', 'operating metrics', 'European advertising', 'asset value', 'financial expenses', 'strong rebound', 'consistent improvement', 'higher proportion', 'Higher earnings', 'rent collection', 'Exhibition activity', 'Westfield Forum', 'Westfield Rise', 'Recurring EPS', 'strong growth', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'Press release', 'UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS', 'continued deleveraging', 'credit metrics', 'long-term deals', 'data activities', 'disposal transactions', 'coming years', 'Refinancing needs', 'next 36 months', 'available facilities', 'Los Angeles', 'first phase', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'COVID effect', 'longer-term leases', 'positive impact', 'store networks', 'productive stores', 'prime locations', 'store strategies', 'deleveraging programme', 'orderly manner', 'radical reduction', 'committed pipeline', 'urban regeneration', 'stapled share', 'Successful delivery', 'The Group', 'disciplined delivery', 'pre-COVID levels', 'pandemic levels', '2023 AREPS guidance', 'Continental Europe', '2019 levels', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'February', 'Convention', 'range', 'review', 'June', 'December', '441 Mn', 'MGR', 'uplift', '51% increase', 'brand', 'Recovery', 'Offices', 'basis', 'progress', 'Trinity', '2022 EBITDA', '2.8 Bn', '€13.0 Bn', 'cash', 'hand', 'Halles', 'London', 'URW', 'end', 'business', 'regions', 'indexation', 'retailers', 'focus', 'drive', 'opportunity', 'audience', 'visitors', 'disposals', 'enhanced', 'timely', 'track', 'Figures', 'rounding', 'taxes', 'periods', 'NRI', 'UK', '2024']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18118,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lleida-net-recognized-social-strength-081300089.html,Lleida.net  recognized for its social strength by the Spanish Institute of Analysts in its first ESG report,"MADRID  Spain  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received a ""B"" rating in the...","Lleida.netMADRID  Spain  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received a ""B"" rating in the sustainability  social commitment and corporate governance (ESG) report prepared for it by the Spanish Institute of Analysts as part of the Lighthouse program.The rating - the first received by a BME Growth company - recognizes the company's strength in ESG criteria and its more than 20 years of effort in becoming a benchmark in the social aspect in the places where it operates.""We are proud that no more and no less than the Spanish Institute of Analysts has endorsed our image as a socially responsible company  and committed to the society that welcomes us "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company.The rating recognizes the company's contribution to society with an AAA rating  and applauds its efforts in the area of social policies.""The Social pillar is a clear strength of Lleida.net""  the document says.Regarding corporate governance  the report highlights the ""Good governance"" and ""Transparency and fiscal responsibility""  and explains that Lleida.net operates according to ""very high standards in Commitments (ethical code  fiscal transparency policy)"".Yesterday  Lleida.net announced  precisely  the creation of a new Sustainable Development Commission.Lleida.net is the European leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  with 218 patents received from more than 64 countries worldwide.Its portfolio is one of the strongest worldwide in the industry. At this moment  more than 60 countries in five continents have granted patents  including the European Union  United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia or New Zealand.It is listed on the OTCQX index in New York  on Euronext Growth in Paris and on BME Growth in Madrid.The company's growth strategy in the countries in which it is present and those in which it plans to be in the future  includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.Story continuesCONTACT: Pedrosa IR ir@pedrosa.uk",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.8,0.14,0.05,True,English,"['first ESG report', 'Lleida.net', 'social strength', 'Spanish Institute', 'Analysts', 'Spanish listed company Lleida.net', 'new Sustainable Development Commission', 'The Social pillar', 'solid growth policy', 'fiscal transparency policy', 'BME Growth company', 'Spanish Institute', 'New Zealand', 'New York', 'internationalization policy', 'fiscal responsibility', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth strategy', 'social commitment', 'social aspect', 'social policies', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'corporate governance', 'Lighthouse program', 'ESG criteria', 'responsible company', 'Sisco Sapena', 'Good governance', 'high standards', 'ethical code', 'European leader', 'electronic signature', 'five continents', 'European Union', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'OTCQX index', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'Pedrosa IR', 'B"" rating', 'ESG) report', 'AAA rating', 'clear strength', 'contracting industry', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'sustainability', 'Analysts', 'part', '20 years', 'effort', 'benchmark', 'places', 'image', 'society', 'CEO', 'founder', 'contribution', 'area', 'document', 'Commitments', 'creation', 'notification', '218 patents', '64 countries', 'portfolio', 'moment', '60 countries', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'Paris', 'future', 'reinforcement', 'Story', 'CONTACT']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18119,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cgg-tgs-announce-dense-obn-063000434.html,CGG and TGS Announce a Dense OBN survey in Balder and Ringhorne Areas of Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS),Paris  France – February 9  2023 CGG  a global technology and HPC leader  and TGS  a global provider of energy data and intelligence  have been jointly...,"CGGParis  France – February 9  2023CGG  a global technology and HPC leader  and TGS  a global provider of energy data and intelligence  have been jointly awarded the acquisition and imaging of a dense ocean bottom node (OBN) multi-client seismic survey in the Balder and Ringhorne areas of the Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS).The Heimdal Terrace OBN survey  located directly north of the Utsira OBN survey in the North Sea  will span an additional 500 square kilometer area under receivers (AUR) to increase the contiguous multi-client OBN coverage in the region to 3 778 square kilometers AUR. The survey area covers a mature part of the North Sea  including the Balder and Ringhorne fields  the Iving/Evra and Enniberg discoveries  and surrounding infrastructure-led exploration (ILX) areas for potential tiebacks to existing infrastructure.TGS will be the operator throughout the acquisition phase. The company will apply its experience and technical expertise in managing many complex OBN acquisition programs in the North Sea and other regions to provide valuable insight into enhanced exploration opportunities across this part of the NCS.CGG  the OBN imaging specialist  will apply its proprietary OBN processing and imaging technology  including time-lag full-waveform inversion  to create a high-quality 3D volume that will enhance the resolution and structural definition of the complex geology and reservoirs in the region.Kristian Johansen  Chief Executive Officer at TGS  commented  ""With this latest OBN survey  we continue our ongoing commitment to support our customers with the data they need to maximize the longevity of their production activities and discover new hydrocarbon reserves in mature areas. This acquisition project will further cement our leading position in delivering high-quality  multi-client OBN data to the industry.""Sophie Zurquiyah  CGG CEO  said  “CGG is pleased to partner with TGS to deliver this new OBN survey to meet strong industry demand for high-definition seismic data in this region. Clients continue to recognize the value of our advanced OBN imaging technology and expertise and the resulting data will support continued exploration and development in this mature  and very prolific part of NCS.”Story continuesThe acquisition will commence in April 2023  with final processed deliverables to be completed by the end of Q2 2024.The project is supported by industry funding.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.18,0.07,True,English,"['Dense OBN survey', 'Norwegian Continental Shelf', 'Ringhorne Areas', 'CGG', 'TGS', 'Balder', 'NCS', 'The Heimdal Terrace OBN survey', 'many complex OBN acquisition programs', 'dense ocean bottom node', 'contiguous multi-client OBN coverage', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'OBN) multi-client seismic survey', 'additional 500 square kilometer area', 'high-quality, multi-client OBN data', 'advanced OBN imaging technology', 'Utsira OBN survey', 'latest OBN survey', 'new OBN survey', 'proprietary OBN processing', 'high-quality 3D volume', 'OBN imaging specialist', 'Norwegian Continental Shelf', 'time-lag full-waveform inversion', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new hydrocarbon reserves', 'final processed deliverables', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'high-definition seismic data', 'strong industry demand', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'survey area', 'complex geology', 'energy data', '3,778 square kilometers', 'global technology', 'acquisition phase', 'resulting data', 'data science', 'HPC leader', 'global provider', 'Ringhorne areas', 'North Sea', 'Ringhorne fields', 'Enniberg discoveries', 'infrastructure-led exploration', 'potential tiebacks', 'existing infrastructure', 'other regions', 'valuable insight', 'exploration opportunities', 'structural definition', 'Kristian Johansen', 'ongoing commitment', 'production activities', 'mature areas', 'leading position', 'Sophie Zurquiyah', 'continued exploration', 'industry funding', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'acquisition project', 'mature part', 'prolific part', 'technical expertise', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG CEO', 'France', 'February', 'TGS', 'intelligence', 'Balder', 'NCS', 'receivers', 'AUR', 'Iving/Evra', 'operator', 'company', 'experience', 'enhanced', 'resolution', 'reservoirs', 'customers', 'longevity', 'Clients', 'value', 'development', 'Story', 'April', 'end', 'Q2', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Attachment']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18120,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605390/0/en/Euronext-upgraded-to-BBB-by-S-P.html,Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+’ by S&P,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+’ by S&PAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today acknowledges the decision of S&P to upgrade Euronext from ‘BBB  Positive outlook’ to ‘BBB+  Stable outlook’.S&P decision reflects Euronext strong cash generation and deleveraging capabilities following the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  as well as Euronext Clearing revised investment policy  as announced on 28 July 2022 that has meaningfully reduced risk for Euronext.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“We are pleased today to see Euronext rating upgraded by S&P to BBB+  Stable Outlook. This upgrade is a great recognition of the transformation journey we engaged in following the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  we have pursued our deleveraging path  from 3.2x net debt to EBITDA at closing  to 2.6x at the end of 2022.Euronext is today stronger than ever  with a strong and diversified business profile. Combined with our recognized solid financial position and strong cash generation  and our strong track record in post-merger integration projects  we are in the right position to look for possible external growth opportunities  in line with our disciplined capital deployment policy.”CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.11,0.43,True,English,"['S&P', 'Euronext', 'BBB', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'possible external growth opportunities', 'disciplined capital deployment policy', 'Euronext strong cash generation', 'global capital markets', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'diversified business profile', 'post-merger integration projects', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'strong track record', 'strong diverse domestic', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', '3.2x net debt', 'solid financial position', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'S&P decision', 'CONTACT ANALYSTS', 'The Group', 'investment policy', 'sustainable growth', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'financial products', 'derivatives markets', 'Positive outlook', 'Stable outlook', 'deleveraging capabilities', 'Managing Board', 'great recognition', 'transformation journey', 'deleveraging path', 'right position', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'European economies', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'applicable rules', 'personal data', 'Euronext Clearing', 'proprietary rights', 'Euronext rating', 'regulated exchanges', 'end December', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'BBB', '9 February', 'acquisition', '28 July', 'risk', 'Chairman', 'upgrade', 'closing', 'EBITDA', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', '70']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18121,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-upgraded-to-lsquo-BBB-by-S-P-42946289/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+' by S&P,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext upgraded t…,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+’ by S&PAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today acknowledges the decision of S&P to upgrade Euronext from ‘BBB  Positive outlook’ to ‘BBB+  Stable outlook’.S&P decision reflects Euronext strong cash generation and deleveraging capabilities following the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  as well as Euronext Clearing revised investment policy  as announced on 28 July 2022 that has meaningfully reduced risk for Euronext.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“We are pleased today to see Euronext rating upgraded by S&P to BBB+  Stable Outlook. This upgrade is a great recognition of the transformation journey we engaged in following the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  we have pursued our deleveraging path  from 3.2x net debt to EBITDA at closing  to 2.6x at the end of 2022.Euronext is today stronger than ever  with a strong and diversified business profile. Combined with our recognized solid financial position and strong cash generation  and our strong track record in post-merger integration projects  we are in the right position to look for possible external growth opportunities  in line with our disciplined capital deployment policy.”CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.11,0.43,True,English,"['S&P', 'Euronext', 'BBB', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'possible external growth opportunities', 'disciplined capital deployment policy', 'Euronext strong cash generation', 'global capital markets', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'diversified business profile', 'post-merger integration projects', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'strong track record', 'strong diverse domestic', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', '3.2x net debt', 'solid financial position', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'S&P decision', 'CONTACT ANALYSTS', 'The Group', 'investment policy', 'sustainable growth', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'financial products', 'derivatives markets', 'Positive outlook', 'Stable outlook', 'deleveraging capabilities', 'Managing Board', 'great recognition', 'transformation journey', 'deleveraging path', 'right position', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'European economies', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'applicable rules', 'personal data', 'Euronext Clearing', 'proprietary rights', 'Euronext rating', 'regulated exchanges', 'end December', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'BBB', '9 February', 'acquisition', '28 July', 'risk', 'Chairman', 'upgrade', 'closing', 'EBITDA', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', '70']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18122,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2022-results-42945706/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext publishes …,"Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results 02/09/2023 | 11:46am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45 Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results Strong results demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model  efficient management of cash trading market share combined with cost discipline. Upgraded 2024 synergies target. Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. F ull year 2022 underlying revenue and income 1 up + 0 . 1 % pro forma 2 at € 1 467.8 million ( reported revenue and income at € 1 418. 8 million   +€120.2 million   -3.2 % pro forma 2   + 9.3 % reported ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business and enhanced revenue capture : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58.1% of 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 58% pro forma in 2021) and covered 141% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 3 (vs. 142% pro forma in 2021). Trading revenue grew to €514.1 million (-0.8% pro forma  +10.5% reported). FX and power trading reported strong performances. The softer environment for cash trading volumes from the second semester of 2022 was offset by efficient management of yield and an uptick in market share from October 2022. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €364.5 million (+1.5 % pro forma  +13.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €243.1 million (stable pro forma  +10.9% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model as settlement activity stabilised. Clearing revenue increased to €121.4 million (+4.5% pro forma  +19.7% reported) mainly as a result of the consolidation of revenue from Euronext Clearing (acquired on 29 April 2021) and improved product mix. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €44.0 million  excluding Q3 2022 €49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1 . Listing revenue grew to €218.4 million (+7.3% pro forma  +15.1% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions. In 2022  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 83 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €212.1 million (+4.8% pro forma  +15.5% reported)  driven by the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and a strong performance of both real-time and non real-time data businesses.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 861.6 million ( +€90.6 million   -1.2 % pro forma  +11. 7 % reported ) reflecting continued cost disciplin e despite strong inflationary pressure . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 58. 7 % (-0. 8 pt s pro forma   -0. 7 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 3 were €606.1 million (+2.0% pro forma  +14.9% reported)  beating revised 2022 cost guidance of €612 million (initially €622 million)  thanks to efficient cost control and several positive one-off impacts over the year.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5.9% reported to€ 437.8 million ( + € 24. 5 million): Net financing expenses were at €29.7 million and results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.6%.Adjus ted net income 3   share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5. 7 % to € 555.3 millionAdjusted EPS 4 was down -4. 8 % at € 5.2 1   due to higher share countdue to higher share count Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.6x at the end of 2022 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.4x resulting from strong cash generation since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Key figures for full year 2022: In €m  unless stated otherwise 2022 2021 % var % varl-f-l5 % var pro forma Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% -3.2% Underlying revenue and income1 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% +0.1% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A3 (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% +2.0% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% -1.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts -0.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% -3.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.29 -4.6% Dividend proposal: As announced on 28 July 2022  a pay-out ratio of 50% of reported net income  adjusted for the Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss related to the partial disposal of Euronext Clearing portfolio  representing a dividend for 2022 of €236.6 million (€2.22 per share) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 May 2023.Cost guidance for 2023: In 2023  Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €630 million  compared to the annualised second semester of 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around €620 million. The slight increase in costs only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives. Savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development costs.Status update on synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies were achieved at the end of Q4 2022  thanks to restructuring efforts and the migration of the Core Data Centre. €9.7 million run-rate annual synergies were delivered in Q4 2022. €44.2 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q4 2022  of which €6.3 million during Q4 2022.Next steps in the deployment of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan : Euronext upgrades its 2024 annual run - rate pre - tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by € 15 millon to € 115 million . Implementation costs remain unchanged. Euronext confirmed the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023  forming the first phase of the migration  and of Borsa Italiana other markets in Q4 2023 allowing for termination of the third-party provider trading platform contract. Euronext confirmed the phases in the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023 and of derivative clearing by Q3 2024. These strategic projects are expected to reach around € 7 0 million of cumulated run-rate synergies by the end of 2023  out of the €115 million targeted. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%   and revenue capture a round 0.5 2 bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq ®   considering current market conditions and orders size.Key achievement in the deployment of the ‘ Fit for 1.5 °’ ESG strategy in 2022 : Euronext’s upgraded SBTi-aligned climate targets were validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative: By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.The Group’s efforts to enhance diversity were recognised through the inclusion of Euronext into the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said: “In 2022  Euronext reached record revenue and income above €1.4 billion notably resulting from the strong performance of our non-volume related activities  together with efficient management of revenue capture and of cash trading market share. Thanks to our trademark cost discipline  we beat our 2022 revised costs guidance. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA of €861.6 million that translated into an adjusted EPS of €5.21. We will propose a total dividend of €236.6 million at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2023  representing 50% of our reported net income  excluding NTI loss impact.This year has been crucial in laying the foundations for the future growth of the Group. We have successfully completed the first major milestone of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan with the migration of our Core Data Centre from the UK to Italy. At the end of 2022  we have achieved €34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies related to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.This fruitful year paves the way for the next steps to be delivered in 2023. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe  operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq®  which will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext equity clearing house of choice by the end of 2023  and the CCP for derivatives clearing in Q3 2024. These are the critical bricks to complete our presence across the integrated value chain  allowing us to innovate and shape capital markets in line with evolving client needs  and making Euronext even stronger to deliver future growth.In an inflationary environment  we will contain our costs to a slight increase in 2023  at €630 million  demonstrating Euronext’s ability to maintain its cost discipline while investing to generate revenue expansion of our non-volume related activities. We expect to deliver by the end of 2023 around €70 million of the synergies targeted as part of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. Our good progress on integration led us to upgrade the total amount of targeted run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024 from €100 million to €115 million. This further demonstrates Euronext’s successful track record in integrating acquired companies.Our strong performance  combined with the successful ongoing delivery of the planned synergies  is supporting our deleveraging trajectory with a net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.6x  well below 3.2x at the time of closing of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition. This leaves the Group with flexibility to further deploy capital in value generating opportunities that might arise.Lastly  we are happy to see that our ‘Fit for 1.5°’ ESG strategy is bearing fruit  as our upgraded emission reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative. We are pleased to see Euronext being included in both the Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices  demonstrating the progress we are making in striving towards more equality.”Euronext Q4 and full year 2022 financial performance Full year 20226 In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2022 FY 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% Underlying revenue and income7 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% Listing 218.4 189.7 +15.1% +6.6% Trading revenue  of which 514.1 465.3 +10.5% -2.4% Cash trading 301.7 293.7 +2.7% -4.4% Derivatives trading 58.4 52.5 +11.3% +2.6% Fixed income trading 93.0 65.8 +41.3% -8.9% FX trading 28.4 23.5 +21.0% +7.9% Power trading 32.7 29.9 +9.4% +8.9% Investor Services 9.6 8.9 +7.9% +10.8% Advanced Data Services 212.1 183.6 +15.5% +5.4% Post-Trade  of which 364.5 320.6 +13.7% +0.2% Clearing 121.4 101.4 +19.7% +3.8% Custody and Settlement 243.1 219.2 +10.9% -4.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 100.1 85.5 +17.1% +3.3% NTI through CCP business (4.9) 35.4 -113.9% -42.2% Other income 1.5 3.5 -55.7% -92.9% Transitional revenues 3.4 6.2 -45.3% -81.9% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (633.4) (584.8) +8.3% +2.7% EBITDA 785.4 713.9 +10.0% -2.3% Depreciation & Amortisation (160.2) (134.6) +19.0% -1.6% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (793.6) (719.4) +10.3% +2.3% Adjusted operating profit 792.8 709.6 +11.7% -2.3% Operating Profit 625.3 579.3 +7.9% Net financing income / (expense) (29.7) (31.7) -6.4% Results from equity investments 18.7 33.2 -43.7% Profit before income tax 614.2 580.7 +5.8% Income tax expense (163.6) (158.6) +3.1% Share of non-controlling interests (12.8) (8.7) +46.5% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.10 4.29 -4.6% Share count differs between the two periods 2022 revenue and income In 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €1 418.8 million  up +9.3% reported compared to 2021  resulting from the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong performance of non-volume related activities  partially offset by the Q3 2022 €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35.0 million post-tax) related to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9 and a softer volume environment for cash equity trading. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was up +13.0% in 2022  to €1 467.8 million. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was stable (-0.2%) in 2022  at €1 204.4 million  compared to 2021. Pro forma the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition on 29 April 2021  underlying revenue and income were stable in 2022 compared to 2021  resulting from strong non-volume related activities  notably listing and advanced data services  very good performances for FX and power trading and a solid performance of derivatives trading. Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2022  stable vs. 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities  good performance of non-equity related trading activities and the challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related underlying revenue ratio was at 141% in 2022  almost stable vs. 2021 (142%). 2022 adjusted EBITDA Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €606.1 million  up +14.9%  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group costs and continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Underlying expenses excluding D&A (€606.1 million) were better than 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs excluding D&A (€622 million initially) thanks to strong cost discipline  project costs being capitalised and one-off positive impacts  including release of accruals and lower-than-anticipated travel and marketing expenses due to the Covid-19 pandemic. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly by +2.7% compared to 2021  which was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing expenses during the pandemic  highlighting Euronext’s ability to contain inflation in 2022. On a pro forma basis for the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021  underlying operational expenses increased slightly by +2.0%  mainly due to the return of travel and marketing expenses in 2022. Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €861.6 million and saw double digit growth  +11.7% compared to 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.7%  down -0.7 points compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was down -2.3%  to €699.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.1%  down -1.2 points compared to the same perimeter in 2021. 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholders Depreciation and amortisation accounted for €160.2 million in 2022  up +19.0%  mostly due to the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €83.3 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation. Adjusted operating profit was €792.8 million  a strong +11.7% increase compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -2.3% compared to 2021  at €643.6 million. €118.6 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses. Net financing expense for 2022 was €29.7 million compared to a net financing expense of €31.7 million in 2021. This decrease mainly results from the elimination of costs in relation to the bridge financing of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021  partially offset by the cost of bonds issued to finance the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million in 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in 2021  Euronext reported €33.2 million in results from equity investments  reflecting two dividends received from Sicovam and two dividends received from Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA. Income tax for 2022 was €163.6 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2022 (2021: €158.6 million and 27.3% respectively). Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €12.8 million in 2022. As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +5.9% for 2022 compared to 2021  to €437.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the portfolio reallocation10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022  compared to €4.30 basic and €4.29 diluted in 2021. This decrease reflects a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.7% to €555.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -4.8% in 2022  at €5.21 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.47 per share in 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021. The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021. In 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €616.5 million  compared to €543.7 million in 2021  resulting from higher profit before tax and higher depreciation and amortisation. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 83.9% of EBITDA in 2022. Fourth quarter 202211 In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 347.0 370.1 -6.2% -6.1% Listing 53.5 51.9 +3.1% +3.8% Trading revenue  of which 116.3 132.3 -12.1% -12.4% Cash trading 65.1 79.3 -17.9% -17.9% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.2 -5.4% -5.3% Fixed income trading 22.1 24.2 -8.5% -8.5% FX trading 6.7 6.1 +9.5% -2.2% Power trading 8.9 8.5 +4.7% +9.0% Investor Services 2.6 2.3 +13.2% +13.2% Advanced Data Services 54.5 50.7 +7.3% +7.7% Post-Trade  of which 88.6 90.9 -2.5% -2.4% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% -3.9% Custody and Settlement 59.6 60.7 -1.9% -1.6% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.9 26.4 +1.8% +2.2% NTI through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% -66.8% Other income 0.3 0.6 -53.2% -53.5% Transitional revenues 0.1 2.0 -93.1% -93.1% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (159.2) (156.6) +1.6% +2.1% Adjusted EBITDA 187.9 213.4 -12.0% -12.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 54.1% 57.7% -3.5pts -3.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (170.2) (170.6) -0.2% +2.1% EBITDA 176.9 199.5 -11.4% -12.1% Depreciation & Amortisation (42.6) (48.9) -12.8% +0.8% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (212.8) (219.4) -3.0% +1.9% Adjusted operating profit 168.4 194.1 -13.3% -13.4% Operating Profit 134.2 150.6 -10.9% Net financing income / (expense) (6.0) (6.7) -9.3% Results from equity investments 12.6 7.3 +71.7% Profit before income tax 140.8 151.3 -7.0% Income tax expense (38.5) (35.7) +7.7% Share of non-controlling interests (3.0) (2.9) +3.8% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 99.3 112.7 -11.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders12 118.2 144.6 -18.2% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.11 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.10 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Q4 2022 revenue and income In Q4 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €347.0 million  down -6.2% compared to Q4 2021  primarily due to the solid performance of advanced data services and listing activities  offset by lower cash and fixed income trading and post-trade revenue  including net treasury income. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -6.1% in Q4 2022  to €346.5 million  compared to Q4 2021. Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2022  compared to 58% in Q4 2021  reflecting higher advanced data services and services revenue. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 130% in Q4 2022  compared to 136% in Q4 2021. Q4 2022 adjusted EBITDA Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €159.2 million  slightly up +1.6%  reflecting strong cost discipline in an inflationary environment and higher capitalised project costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation slightly increased by +2.1% compared to Q4 2021. Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €187.9 million  down -12.0% compared to Q4 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%  down -3.5 points compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2022 was down -12.1%  to €187.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 54.2%  down -3.7pts points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2021. Q4 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholders Depreciation and amortisation accounted for €42.6 million in Q4 2022  -12.8% less than in Q4 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.8 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation. Adjusted operating profit was €168.4 million  a -13.3% decrease compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -13.4% compared to Q4 2021  at €168.2 million. €34.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses. Net financing expense for Q4 2022 was €6.0 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.7 million in Q4 2021. This decrease results from higher interest income due to increased interest rates partially offset by the higher cost of issued bonds and a negative revaluation of foreign currency balances. Results from equity investments amounted to €12.6 million in Q4 2022  representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in Q4 2021  Euronext reported €7.3 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA. Income tax for Q4 2022 was €38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter (Q4 2021: €35.7 million and 23.6% respectively). Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €3.0 million in Q4 2022. As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -11.9% for Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021  to €99.3 million. This represents a reported EPS of €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022  compared to €1.05 basic and €1.05 diluted in Q4 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -18.2% to €118.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -18.0% in Q4 2022  at €1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.35 per share in Q4 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021. The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021. In Q4 2022  Euronext reported a negative net cash flow from operating activities of €147.1 million  compared to a positive €145.6 million in Q4 2021  reflecting higher negative changes in working capital reflecting notably short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 51.9% of EBITDA in Q4 2022. Business highlights Listing in €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Listing revenue 53.5 51.9 +3.1% 218.4 189.7 +15.1% Equity 27.0 23.9 +12.6% 108.5 86.9 +24.9% Annual fees 16.7 15.1 +10.5% 68.4 52.9 +29.5% Follow-ons 6.3 5.6 +12.8% 20.8 18.2 +13.9% IPOs 4.0 3.2 +22.3% 19.3 15.8 +22.4% Debts 9.0 10.5 -14.4% 36.6 38.5 -4.9% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.8 5.7 +1.8% 22.7 18.9 +20.2% Corporate Services 9.6 8.6 +11.4% 39.5 37.1 +6.5% ELITE and Other 2.2 3.1 -30.3% 11.1 8.3 +33.0% Money raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1% Fourth quarter 2022 Listing revenue was €53.5 million in Q4 2022  an increase of +3.1% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time13. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.8% compared to Q4 2021. Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 24 new listings in Q4 2022. This compares to 57 new listings in the fourth quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Nine of the new listings in Q4 2022 were from international companies  confirming Euronext as the listing venue of choice outside of its core markets. In Q4 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €310 million raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q4 2021 with €6.6 billion raised on Euronext primary markets. Euronext’s secondary markets reported a strong quarter with €10.1 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q4 2022  compared to €8.3 billion in Q4 2021. Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 80 new listings. Euronext’s bond franchise remained resilient despite a challenging economic environment. In Q4 2022  €226.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €389.4 billion raised in Q4 2021. In total  €237.3 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q4 2022  compared to €404.2 billion in Q4 2021. Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.6 million in Q4 2022  up +11.4% compared to Q4 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context and partially offset by a negative one-off adjustment. Full year 2022 Listing revenue was €218.4 million in 2022  an increase of +15.1% compared to 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time14. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.6% compared to 2021. Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 83 new listings in 2022  outperforming all European listing venues. This compares to 212 in 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Five of the top ten largest IPOs in Europe15 in 2022 took place on Euronext  and 20 listings from international companies16  demonstrating Euronext’s attractiveness for companies in its core markets in Europe and beyond. In 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €3.8 billion raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a record 2021 with €26.0 billion raised on Euronext primary markets. Euronext’s secondary markets reported €28.5 billion raised in secondary equity issues in 2022  compared to €83.0 billion in 2021. Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 478 new listings. Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in 202217  growing the number of bonds listed to more than 53 000 across all Euronext markets  despite persisting negative debt market conditions globally due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In 2022  €961.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €1.5 trillion raised in 2021. In total  €994.1 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in 2022  which represents the second best year for equity and debt listing in Euronext’s history after the €1.6 trillion raised in 2021. Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong year in terms of revenue at €39.5 million in 2022  up +6.5% compared to 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context. Trading in €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Trading revenue 116.3 132.3 -12.1% 514.1 465.3 +10.5% Cash trading revenue 65.1 79.3 -17.9% 301.7 293.7 +2.7% ADV Cash market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Derivatives trading revenue 13.4 14.2 -5.4% 58.4 52.5 +11.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 622 975 718 023 -13.2% 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Fixed income trading revenue 22.1 24.2 -8.5% 93.0 65.8 +41.3% ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% 353 700 282 655 +25.1% ADV other fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2% 909 895 +1.6% Spot FX trading revenue 6.7 6.1 +9.5% 28.4 23.5 +21.0% ADV spot FX Market (in USDm) 20 160 19 381 +4.0% 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power trading revenue 8.9 8.5 +4.7% 32.7 29.9 +9.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.98 2.76 +7.9% 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.13 0.08 +69.6% 0.10 0.07 +49.8% Trading revenue on a reported basis. Volumes including Italy on a pro forma basis for 2021 until the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021. Fourth quarter 2022 Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -17.9% to €65.1 million in Q4 2022  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by an uptick in market share from October 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €10.1 billion  a volume decrease of-17.2% compared to Q4 2021 resulting from a softer trading environment and partially offset by efficient revenue capture management. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana markets and larger average order size. During the fourth quarter 2022  Euronext continued to enhance its fee schemes. The latter translated into an uptick in market share from October 2022. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in Q4 2022. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates18. On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on its cash equity trading business. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -17.9% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue decreased by -5.4% to €13.4 million in Q4 2022 as the volume mix positively impacted revenue capture and partially offset softer volumes in equity futures and options trading. During the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial derivatives was 550 517 lots  down -12.7% from Q4 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis with the higher volatility in Q4 2021. Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 72 457 lots in Q4 2022  down -17.2% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting a normalised trading environment . Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2022  reflecting improved revenue capture across the offering. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -5.3% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €22.1 million in Q4 2022  compared to €24.2 million in Q4 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the fourth quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €12.8 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.6 million of revenue. The fourth quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +36.0% compared to Q4 2021 to €397.0 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -32.7% to €15.4 billion  compared to €22.9 billion in Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.5% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €6.7 million in Q4 2022  up +9.5% from Q4 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue continued to benefit from geographic expansion and product diversification  despite softening volatility compared to the start of 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD 20.2 billion were recorded  up +4.0% compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -2.2% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021. Power tradingPower trading reported €8.9 million in revenue in Q4 2022  representing a strong growth of +4.7% compared to Q4 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. In Q4 2022  record intraday power trading volumes were reported in Central and Western Europe. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.98TWh  up +7.9% compared to Q4 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.13 TWh  up +69.6% compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +9.0% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022 Cash tradingCash trading revenue increased by +2.7% to € 301.7 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong volumes during the first semester of 2022  partially offset by lower volumes in the second half of 2022. Over 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €11.7 billion  stable compared to a record year 2021 at €11.8 billion. Euronext continued to be the provider of the best market quality  with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates19. Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash trading averaged 66.6%  with a clear uptick in market share since October 2022  thanks to intense commercial activity and enhanced fee schemes. Over 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of the Borsa Italiana fee grid before the migration to the Optiq® trading platform and higher transaction orders sizes on a reported basis. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -4.4% in 2022 compared to 2021. Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +11.3% to €58.4 million in 2022  as a result of strong traction on the index derivatives franchise and improved product mix enhancing revenue capture. During 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 616 092 lots  down -5.3% from 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis in a volatile 2021  including lower activity from equity finance clients. Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 79 318 lots in 2022  down -3.5% compared to 2021  reflecting a decrease in commodity futures trading compared to all-time high levels in 2021  partly offset by record activity on commodity options. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot in 2022  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +2.6% in 2022 compared to 2021. Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €93.0 million in 2022  compared to €65.8 million in 2021  reflecting the consolidation of MTS  whose volumes reflected the change in macro-economic conditions in Europe with rising inflation  interest rates and uncertainties which favoured money markets. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In 2022  MTS Cash reported €59.5 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €21.6 million of revenue. 2022 recorded strong growth in Repo trading  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +25.1% compared to 2021 to €353.7 billion. This compensated for lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -21.2% to €18.9 billion  compared to €24.0 billion in 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.9% in 2022 compared to 2021. FX tradingFX trading reported all-time record revenues at €28.4 million in 2022  up +21.0% from 2021. Euronext FX trading benefited from the positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification. Over 2022  average daily volumes of USD 22.5 billion were recorded  up +17.1% compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +7.9% in 2022 compared to 2021. Power tradingPower trading reported €32.7 million in revenue in 2022  representing a strong growth of +9.4% compared to 2021  driven by record volumes  totalling over 1 000TWh  and continued successful geographic expansion in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland. Over 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.75TWh  up +11.4% compared to 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +49.8% compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +8.9% compared to 2021. Investor Services Fourth quarter 2022Investor Services reported €2.6 million revenue in Q4 2022  representing a +13.2% increase compared to Q4 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.2% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Investor Services reported €9.6 million revenue in 2022  representing a +7.9% increase compared to 2021  resulting from successful growth of the client base and successful key product launches. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +10.8% compared to 2021. Advanced Data Services Fourth quarter 2022Advanced Data Services reached record revenue of €54.5 million in Q4 2022  up +7.3% from Q4 2021  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products  and a resilient quarter for the indices franchise. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +7.7% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Advanced Data Services recorded revenue grew to €212.1 million in 2022  up +15.5% from 2021  driven by the consolidation of Borsa Italiana’s data businesses  as well as a strong performance of the core data and advanced data solutions businesses. The Euronext’s indices franchise posted a resilient performance in 2022  despite lower structured products activity following two years of intense volatility. Euronext continued to expand its ESG Indices franchise in 2022 including with the successful launch of ESG versions of its national flagship indices  the AEX® ESG in the Netherlands and the OBX® ESG in Norway  reinforcing the existing offering that already included the CAC 40® ESG in France and the MIB® ESG in Italy. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.4% compared to 2021. Post Trade in €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 88.6 90.9 -2.5% 364.5 320.6 +13.7% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% 121.4 101.4 +19.7% Revenue from LCH SA 18.1 18.5 -2.4% 75.8 71.5 +6.1% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.9 11.6 -6.3% 45.6 29.9 +52.5% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 59.6 60.7 -1.9% 243.1 219.2 +10.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% (4.9)1 35.4 -113.9% Clearing Fourth quarter 2022 Clearing revenue was down -3.9% to €29.0 million in Q4 2022  as a result of weaker cash equity and derivatives clearing activity  partly offset by stronger bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €8.9 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022). Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for bond clearing  and a decrease in equity and derivatives clearing in line with trading volumes. In Q4 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.4 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.8 million from bonds clearing. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was down -3.9% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Clearing revenue grew by +19.7% to €121.4 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and a volatile volume environment throughout the year. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €39.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022. Euronext Clearing activities reflected the general market dynamic over 2022  with a gradual decline in equity and derivatives clearing volumes offset by a steady increase in bond clearing volumes. In 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €6.5 million from derivatives clearing  €16.7 million from equities clearing  and €9.8 million from bonds clearing. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +3.8% compared to 2021. Net treasury income Fourth quarter 2022 As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio20. It disposed the portfolio maturing after 1 May 2023 while retaining its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023  which it will hold to maturity. As a consequence  net treasury income amounted to €4.3 million in Q4 2022. Full year 2022The partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million  reported in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss  net treasury income totalled €44.0 million in 2022  impacted by a high level of collateral held due to high levels of volatility. Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities Fourth quarter 2022 Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €59.6 million in Q4 2022  down -1.9% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting Euronext Securities resilient topline thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilised settlement environment. The fourth quarter of 2022 also showed a recovery in the value of assets under custody. 26 265 921 settlement instructions were processed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -1.6% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €243.1 million in 2022  up +10.9% compared to 2021  driven by the consolidation of Euronext Securities Milan  a positively geared geographical mix and stable assets under custody  which offset lower settlement activity. 120 550 357 settlement instructions were processed in 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion at the end of December 2022. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -4.8% compared to 2021. Euronext Technologies and Other revenue Fourth quarter 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.9 million in Q4 2022  up +1.8% from Q4 2021  reflecting good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext’s Core Data Centre more than offsetting lower revenue from hosting services. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +2.2% compared to Q4 2021. Full year 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €100.1 million in 2022  up +17.1% from 2021  resulting from the consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group technology activities  including Gatelab and X2M and additional revenue generated through colocation activity following the Euronext’s Core Data Centre migration. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.3%. compared to 2021. Q4 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2022 results on 3 November 2022 Completion of the acquisition of the technology business from Nexi’s capital markets activities On 1 December 2022  Euronext announced the completion of the purchase of the technology business powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan  from Nexi. This Transaction enables Euronext to fully internalise the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan. Following this Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and services under commercial agreements. Disposal of MTS Markets International Inc.  US subsidiary of MTS S.p.A. On 15 December 2022  MTS S.p.A.  the leading European bond trading platform majority-owned by Euronext  announced that it has completed the sale of its US subsidiary MTS Markets International Inc. (“MMI”) to Tradition America Holdings Inc.  a subsidiary of Compagnie Financière Tradition SA. The sale of MMI was implemented as a result of the conclusion of a strategic review initiated following the integration of Borsa Italiana and the decision to divest non-core assets. Corporate highlights since 1 January 2023 Expansion of Euronext Clearing to derivatives markets On 16 January 2023  Euronext announced that the European expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext derivatives markets is planned for Q3 2024. Euronext expects to migrate the listed financial derivatives and commodities markets of Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext Brussels  Euronext Lisbon  Oslo Børs and Euronext Paris from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing by Q3 202421. As a reminder  Euronext Clearing already clears Euronext Milan listed derivatives. As Euronext Clearing undertakes derivatives clearing services in Europe  Euronext has decided to terminate the existing derivatives clearing agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA  under the terms of the Agreement. Therefore  on 16 January 2023  Euronext served LCH SA notice of termination for the purposes of the Agreement. As set up in the Agreement  Euronext will pay a termination fee of approximately €36.0 million to LCH SA  provisioned in its income statement as non-underlying expenses in Q1 2023  and payable in 2024. As previously stated  this amount is included in the €150 million of implementation costs related to the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and already announced in November 2021. Following the notification of the early termination of the Agreement  LCH Group has the option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Further communication related to the stake owned by Euronext in LCH SA will be made when appropriate. Euronext and LCH SA are committed to working together to ensure an orderly migration of clearing flows from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing. The termination of the Agreement does not impact the existing clearing agreement signed between MTS S.p.A and LCH SA nor the existing agreement related to the interoperability link on Italian Government Bonds between Euronext Clearing and LCH SA. ESG innovation across the Group Euronext’s upgraded greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi): By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. On 12 January 2023  Euronext announced the launch of the CAC SBT 1.5°  an index investing solely in companies within the SBF 120 Index that have emissions reduction targets approved to be aigned with the 1.5° goal of the Paris agreement. Euronext entered the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  indices highlighting European companies that have demonstrated a strong role in improving gender equality. The gender equality score provider for these indices  Equileap  assesses each company’s commitment to gender equality from its boardroom to its supply chain  and is inspired by the UN Women’s Empowerment principles. The index methodology also applies activity-based exclusions  UNGC compliance and controversial activities exclusion.Euronext volumes January 2023 In January 2023  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 794 million  down -29.6% compared to the same period last year. The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 625 398 contracts (-23.3% compared to January 2022) and the open interest was 21 803 069 contracts at the end of January 2022 (-14.6% compared to the end of January 2022). The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $19 646 million in January 2023  down -12.1% compared to the same period last year. MTS Cash average daily volumes were down -11.7% to € 19 309 million in January 2023  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €387 930 million  up +4.9% compared to the same period last year. Euronext Clearing cleared 5 822 840 shares in January 2023  -27.4% compared to January 2022. €2 311 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +22.1% compared to the same period in 2022. 1 121 094 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +154.9% compared to January 2022. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -7.8% compared to January 2022  at 2 469 525 contracts (single counted). Euronext Securities reported 11 125 961 settlement instructions in January 2023  -13.8% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.3 trillion in January 2023  down -2.4% compared to January 2022. Upgrade of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ synergies target Euronext upgrades its targeted 2024 annual run-rate pre-tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by €15 millon and now expects to deliver €115 million of cumulated annual run-rate pre tax synergies by the end of 2024. This compares to the €100 million already upgraded cumulated annual run-rate pre-tax synergies target announced in November 2021 and the initial target of €60 million set in October 2020. The €150 million of expected non-reccuring implementation costs remain unchanged. Agenda A conference call and webcast will be held on 10 February 2023  at 09:00am CET (Paris time) / 08:00am GMT (London time): Conference call: To connect to the conference call  please dial: UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612 Password: Euronext Live webcast: For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcast The webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com About Euronext Euronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ). Disclaimer This press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use. © 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved. The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com. Appendix Adjustments in financial disclosure To highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs. Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items. The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs. The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted. 2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting. The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below. Non-IFRS financial measures For comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including: Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin. Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows: Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income; Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact. Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements. Non-volume related revenue definition Non-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue. Adjusted EPS definition Q4 2022 Q4 2021 FY 2022 FY 2021 Net income reported 99.3 112.7 437.8 413.3 EPS reported 0.93 1.05 4.10 4.30 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) (0.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (11.0) (13.9) (27.2) (57.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (23.1) (29.6) (91.4) (73.2) of which Net financing expense 3.1 0.0 2.3 (7.2) of which results from equity investments (0.0) 0.0 (1.5) (4.3) of which Minority interest 3.9 0.2 4.6 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.2 11.4 44.7 28.8 Adjusted net income 118.2 144.6 555.3 438.1 Adjusted EPS 1.11 1.35 5.21 5.47 The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statement The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2022 Q4 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 370.1 - 370.1 Listing 53.5 - 53.5 51.9 - 51.9 Trading revenue  of which 116.3 - 116.3 132.3 - 132.3 Cash trading 65.1 - 65.1 79.3 - 79.3 Derivatives trading 13.4 - 13.4 14.2 - 14.2 Fixed income trading 22.1 - 22.1 24.2 - 24.2 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.1 - 6.1 Power trading 8.9 - 8.9 8.5 - 8.5 Investor services 2.6 - 2.6 2.3 - 2.3 Advanced data services 54.5 - 54.5 50.7 - 50.7 Post-Trade  of which 88.6 - 88.6 90.9 - 90.9 Clearing 29.0 - 29.0 30.1 - 30.1 Custody & Settlement and other 59.6 - 59.6 60.7 - 60.7 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.9 - 26.9 26.4 - 26.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 4.3 - 4.3 12.9 - 12.9 Other income 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 0.6 - 0.6 Transitional revenues 0.1 - 0.1 2.0 - 2.0 Operating expenses excluding D&A (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) (156.6) (13.9) (170.6) Salaries and employee benefits (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) (77.7) (7.9) (85.6) Other operational expenses  of which (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) (78.9) (6.1) (85.0) System & communication (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) (27.0) 0.3 (26.7) Professional services (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) (21.3) (4.7) (26.0) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.7) - (8.7) Accommodation (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) (19.4) (1.6) (21.0) EBITDA 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 213.4 (13.9) 199.5 EBITDA margin 54.1% 51.0% 57.7% 53.9% Depreciation & amortisation (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) (19.3) (29.6) (48.9) Total expenses (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) (175.9) (43.5) (219.4) Operating profit 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 194.1 (43.5) 150.6 Net financing income / (expense) (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) (6.7) - (6.7) Results from equity investment 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 7.3 - 7.3 Profit before income tax 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 194.8 (43.5) 151.3 Income tax expense (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) (47.1) 11.4 (35.7) Non-controlling interests (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) (3.2) 0.2 (2.9) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 144.6 (31.9) 112.7 EPS (basic  in €) 1.11 0.93 1.35 1.05 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.10 0.93 1.35 1.05FY 2022 FY 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 1 298.7 (0.0) 1 298.7 Listing 218.4 - 218.4 189.7 - 189.7 Trading revenue  of which 514.1 - 514.1 465.3 - 465.3 Cash trading 301.7 - 301.7 293.7 - 293.7 Derivatives trading 58.4 - 58.4 52.5 - 52.5 Fixed income trading 93.0 - 93.0 65.8 - 65.8 FX trading 28.4 - 28.4 23.5 - 23.5 Power trading 32.7 - 32.7 29.9 - 29.9 Investor services 9.6 - 9.6 8.9 - 8.9 Advanced data services 212.1 - 212.1 183.6 - 183.6 Post-Trade  of which 364.5 - 364.5 320.6 - 320.6 Clearing 121.4 - 121.4 101.4 - 101.4 Custody & Settlement and other 243.1 - 243.1 219.2 - 219.2 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 100.1 0.0 100.1 85.5 (0.0) 85.5 Net Financing Income through CCP business 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) 35.4 - 35.4 Other income 1.5 0.0 1.5 3.5 - 3.5 Transitional revenues 3.4 0.0 3.4 6.2 - 6.2 Operating expenses excluding D&A (606.1)(27.2) (633.4) (527.6)(57.2) (584.8) Salaries and employee benefits (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) (275.8) (11.3) (287.1) Other operational expenses  of which (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) (251.8) (45.9) (297.7) System & communication (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) (86.2) (0.1) (86.3) Professional services (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) (67.2) (21.9) (89.1) Clearing expense (35.6) - (35.6) (33.6) - (33.6) Accommodation (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) (9.3) (0.0) (9.3) Other operational expenses (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) (55.5) (23.8) (79.3) EBITDA 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 771.0 (57.2) 713.9 EBITDA margin 58.7% 55.4% 59.4% 55.0% Depreciation & amortisation (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) (61.4) (73.2) (134.6) Total expenses (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) (589.0) (130.3) (719.4) Operating profit 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 709.6 (130.3) 579.3 Net financing income / (expense) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) (24.5) (7.2) (31.7) Results from equity investment 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 37.4 (4.3) 33.2 Profit before income tax 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 722.6 (141.9) 580.7 Income tax expense (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) (187.4) 28.8 (158.6) Non-controlling interests (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) (9.6) 0.9 (8.7) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 525.5 (112.2) 413.3 EPS (basic  in €) 5.21 4.10 5.47 4.30 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.19 4.10 5.46 4.29 Consolidated comprehensive income statement Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit for the period 102.3 115.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (3.1) 12.5 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.8 (1.5) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 21.4 (5.5) – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (6.1) 1.9 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.2 (0.2) – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.8) (0.6) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 1.0 (0.5) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.0) 0.1 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 20.4 6.2 Total comprehensive income for the period 122.7 121.8 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 119.8 118.5 – Non-controlling interests 2.9 3.3 The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2022 FY 2021 Profit for the period 450.6 422.1 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (29.4) 51.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.8 (6.1) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (40.3) (7.7) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.4) 2.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 42.1 3.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (8.5) (1.2) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 11.9 2.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.3) (0.2) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 23.7 44.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 474.4 466.5 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 462.0 456.5 – Non-controlling interests 12.4 10.0 Consolidated balance sheet in € million 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 109.4 97.6 Right-of-use assets 42.3 66.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 205.8 6 215.8Deferred income tax assets 18.9 37.5 Investments in associates and joint ventures 72.0 69.2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 278.2 258.1 Other non-current assets 3.7 4.2 Total non-current assets 6 730.3 6 748.6 Current assets Trade and other receivables 345.7 416.6 Income tax receivable 54.9 10.0 Derivative financial instruments (0.0) 11.9 CCP clearing business assets 166 842.5 137 750.9 Other current financial assets 162.7 157.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 001.1 804.4 Total current assets 168 407.0 139 151.3 Assets from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 6.4 Total assets 175 137.3 145 906.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 914.0 3 647.6 Non-controlling interests 126.3 85.3 Total Equity 4 040.3 3 770.7 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 027.2 3 044.4 Lease liabilities 21.6 50.7 Deferred income tax liabilities 552.6 592.4 Post-employment benefits 19.6 32.1 Contract liabilities 63.8 70.3 Other provisions 7.0 8.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 691.8 3 798.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.4 17.4 Lease liabilities 28.5 21.0 CCP clearing business liabilities 166 858.7 137 732.4 Income tax payable 28.5 42.1 Trade and other payables 396.3 439.9 Contract liabilities 75.2 80.5 Other provisions 0.7 2.3 Total Current liabilities 167 405.2 138 335.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 1.3 Total equity and liabilities 175 137.3 145 906.3 The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilities The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedConsolidated statement of cash flows in € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit before tax 140.8 151.3 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 42.6 48.9 - Share based payments 4.2 3.0 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (2.8) (3.3) - Changes in working capital (254.9) 29.4 Cash flow from operating activities (70.1) 229.2 Income tax paid (77.0) (83.6) Net cash flows from operating activities (147.1) 145.6 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (54.3) - Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 7.8 - Purchase of current financial assets 1.8 (0.5) Redemption of current financial assets 0.6 7.5 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (10.8) (15.0) Purchase of intangible assets (20.0) (14.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.0 (0.0) Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 4.0 Dividends received from associates 0.0 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities (65.7) (18.0) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (80.0) Interest paid (0.3) (0.5) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments 0.0 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2.3 Payment of lease liabilities (4.5) (7.8) Acquisitions of own shares 1.0 (31.4) Employee Share transactions (0.1) (1.3) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.4) (5.6) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (124.4) Total cash flow over the period (222.1) 3.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 215.0 802.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents 8.2 3.6 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4 Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheet. Higher negative changes in working capital notably reflect short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers and suppliers invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated in € million FY 2022 FY 2021 Profit before tax 614.2 580.7 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 160.2 134.6 - Share based payments 14.0 10.4 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (8.8) (7.4) - Changes in working capital 57.5 41.1 Cash flow from operating activities 837.1 759.3 Income tax paid (220.6) (215.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 616.5 543.7 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (66.0) (4 196.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 8.7 5.9 Purchase of current financial assets (30.6) (40.4) Redemption of current financial assets 42.9 50.2 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (31.9) (33.4) Purchase of intangible assets (67.7) (34.2) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 25.7 Dividends received from associates 6.7 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (128.5) (4 215.5) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - 5 471.7 Repayment of borrowings  net of transaction fees - (3 762.9) Interest paid (29.6) (16.1) Interest received 5.9 5.0 Settlement of derivatives financial instruments (8.9) - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2 375.2 Payment of lease liabilities (23.4) (23.8) Acquisitions of own shares (0.0) (31.8) Employee Share transactions (3.6) (5.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (206.0) (157.2) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (10.9) (16.0) Net cash flow from financing activities (276.5) 3 839.1 Total cash flow over the period 211.5 167.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 809.4 629.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (19.9) 12.7 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4 Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheet The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restated Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022 Cash markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 %var Number of trading days 64 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 178 721 696 224 642 330 -20.4% ADV Cash Market 2 792 527 3 403 672 -18.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 645 454 803 596 -19.7% ADV Cash Market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 24 57 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 310.2 6 581 -95.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 052 8 268 +21.6% Money Raised - Bonds 226 900 389 375 -41.7% Total Money Raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 23 52 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 306 2 493 -87.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 3 906 3 263 +19.7% Money Raised - Bonds 240 1 650 -85.5% Total Money Raised 4 451 7 405 -39.9%YTD 2022 YTD 2021 %var Number of trading days 257 258 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 866 303 290 896 622 952 -3.4% ADV Cash Market 3 370 830 3 475 283 -3.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 3 006 082 3 046 361 -1.3% ADV Cash Market 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 83 212 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 3 750.8 26 015 -85.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 28 481 82 972 -65.7% Money Raised - Bonds 961 858 1 497 633 -35.8% Total Money Raised 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 77 194 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 973 10 642 -72.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 9 405 15 786 -40.4% Money Raised - Bonds 2 336 4 324 -46.0% Total Money Raised 14 714 30 752 -52.2% Fixed income markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 353 700 282 655 +25.1% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 909 895 +1.6% FX markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 65 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 310 383 1 279 143 +2.4% ADV Euronext FX 20 160 19 381 +4.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 260 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 851 899 4 995 569 +17.1% ADV Euronext FX 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.98 2.76 +7.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.13 0.08 +69.6%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.07 +49.8% Derivatives markets Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 35 233 108 41 615 200 -15.3% Index 16 033 772 13 898 538 +15.4% Futures 9 885 622 9 263 481 +6.7% Options 6 148 150 4 635 057 +32.6% Individual Equity 19 199 336 27 716 662 -30.7% Futures 927 921 3 050 923 -69.6% Options 18 271 415 24 665 739 -25.9% Commodity 4 637 260 5 774 309 -19.7% Futures 4 216 545 4 922 988 -14.3% Options 420 715 851 321 -50.6% Total Euronext 39 870 368 47 389 509 -15.9% Total Futures 15 030 088 17 237 392 -12.8% Total Options 24 840 280 30 152 117 -17.6% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 550 517 630 533 -12.7% Index 250 528 210 584 +19.0% Futures 154 463 140 356 +10.1% Options 96 065 70 228 +36.8% Individual Equity 299 990 419 949 -28.6% Futures 14 499 46 226 -68.6% Options 285 491 373 723 -23.6% Commodity 72 457 87 490 -17.2% Futures 65 884 74 591 -11.7% Options 6 574 12 899 -49.0% Total Euronext 622 975 718 023 -13.2% Total Futures 234 845 261 173 -9.6% Total Options 388 129 456 850 -2.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 257 258 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 158 335 700 167 931 631 -5.7% Index 64 341 758 57 331 737 +12.2% Futures 43 007 940 38 377 265 +12.1% Options 21 333 818 18 954 472 +12.6% Individual Equity 93 993 942 110 599 894 -15.0% Futures 9 288 011 20 729 380 -55.2% Options 84 705 931 89 870 514 -5.7% Commodity 20 384 703 21 212 415 -3.9% Futures 17 825 764 18 768 517 -5.0% Options 2 558 939 2 443 898 +4.7% Total Euronext 178 720 403 189 144 046 -5.5% Total Futures 70 121 715 77 875 162 -10.0% Total Options 108 598 688 111 268 884 -2.4% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 616 092 650 898 -5.3% Index 250 357 222 216 +12.7% Futures 167 346 148 749 +12.5% Options 83 011 73 467 +13.0% Individual Equity 365 735 428 682 -14.7% Futures 36 140 80 346 -55.0% Options 329 595 348 335 -5.4% Commodity 79 318 82 219 -3.5% Futures 69 361 72 746 -4.7% Options 9 957 9 472 +5.1% Total Euronext 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Total Futures 272 847 301 842 -9.6% Total Options 422 563 431 275 -2.0% Derivatives open interest 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 17 957 749 21 689 103 -17.2% Index 1 074 463 1 202 953 -10.7% Futures 539 893 584 129 -7.6% Options 534 570 618 824 -13.6% Individual Equity 16 883 286 20 486 150 -17.6% Futures 225 815 1 149 835 -80.4% Options 16 657 471 19 336 315 -13.9% Commodity 865 620 1 096 536 -21.1% Futures 567 916 701 280 -19.0% Options 297 704 395 256 -24.7% Total Euronext 18 823 369 22 785 639 -17.4% Total Futures 1 333 624 2 435 244 -45.2% Total Options 17 489 745 20 350 395 -14.1%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 The variances on pro forma basis assume that the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group took place on 1 January 2021 and therefore include the Borsa Italiana Group financial performance for the entire comparative period. The Borsa Italiana Group financials were consolidated from 29 April 2021.3 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition and details of adjustments in Appendix.5 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.6 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data.7 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details. 11 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data12 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release13 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.14 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.15 In terms of money raised16 Companies from outside of Euronext core markets17 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised have been restated1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL 20 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details. 21 The migrations of listed financial derivatives and commodities markets are subject to the declaration of non-objection of the relevant regulators Attachment 20230209_Euronext_PR_Q422_VFAll news about EURONEXT N.V. 06:28a EuroGroup Laminations pares early gains in Milan stock market debut RE 12:31a S&P Raises Euronext Ratings on Strong Cash Generation; Outlook Stable MT 12:02a Euronext Forecasts Higher Underlying Costs in FY23 MT 02/09 Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+' by S&P GL 02/09 Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal RE 02/09 Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results GL 02/08 Euronext Logs 29% Decline in January Total Cash Market Transactions MT 02/08 Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 GL 02/08 Euronext announces volumes for January 2023 AQ 02/08 Record year for Euroclear as sanction-hit Russian cashpile balloons RE Analyst Recommendations on EURONEXT N.V. 2022 EURONEXT : From Neutral to Buy by JP Morgan MD 2021 EURONEXT : UBS maintains a Buy rating MD 2021 EURONEXT : Deutsche Bank reiterates its Buy rating MD",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.21,0.44,True,English,"['full year 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'cash trading market share', 'diversified business model', 'tougher market conditions', 'cash trading volumes', 'multiple email addresses', 'volume related business', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'parent company shareholders', 'strong cash generation', 'real-time data businesses', 'continued cost disciplin', '83 new equity listings', 'strong inflationary pressure', 'Income tax rate', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'efficient cost control', 'Net financing expenses', 'underlying operating expenses', 'higher share count', 'Net treasury income', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'full year 2022 results', 'power trading', 'leading venue', 'Trading revenue', 'cost discipline', '2022 cost guidance', 'operational expenses', 'underlying revenue', 'efficient management', 'strong performance', 'equity investments', 'Net debt', 'net income', 'Clearing revenue', 'Required fields', '2024 synergies target', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A', 'softer environment', 'second semester', 'settlement activity', 'product mix', 'pre-tax loss', 'debt listing', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Dividend proposal', 'Strong results', 'revenue capture', 'Post-trade revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Listing revenue', 'First name', 'EBITDA margin', 'Q4', 'commas', 'Message', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '9 February', 'FX', 'yield', 'uptick', 'October', 'Custody', 'consolidation', '29 April', 'Q3', 'disposal', 'resilience', 'Adjus', 'EPS', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'var', 'income1', '7', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18123,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/commodity/CRB-COMMODITY-INDEX-16179/news/Euronext-delays-commitment-of-traders-report-until-further-notice-42938652/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Euronext delays commitment of traders report until further notice,(marketscreener.com) Euronext said its commodities commitment of traders report  which it had delayed on Wednesday until Feb. 10 at the latest due to technical issues  was delayed until further notice.https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/commodity/CRB-COMMODI…,"Euronext   whose wheat futures are a price benchmark for the European grain sector  said a problem with a third-party software provider that occurred on Jan. 31 had prevented some market participants from reporting daily positions for Feb. 3.It did not name the provider  but Jan. 31 matches the date when ION reported a cyber attack at ION Markets UK's cleared derivatives division.The attack  for which hacking group Lockbit claimed responsibility  affected ION customers including brokerages  hedge funds and some of the world's biggest banks.The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission  a regulator  last week delayed publication of its Commitments of Traders (COT) report.Euronext  which usually issues its COT report on Wednesdays for positions held the previous week  initially announced on Wednesday that its latest publication would be delayed until Feb. 10 at the latest as a small number of participants could not submit positions.An updated message on its website on Thursday said the report was postponed ""until further notice"".There were signs that wider disruption was easing on Thursday  as ION tried get its clients back up and running.A separate person with knowledge of the matter at another institution said ION had told clients it had restored connectivity at its clearing system XTP  meaning ION users could start to clear internal business backlogs.ION said on Tuesday that it had started to get some clients back online  and a spokesperson said that work was progressing on Thursday.Among those likely to have been affected by the ION attack were Dutch bank ABN Amro's clearing unit and Intesa Sanpaolo  Italy's largest bank by assets  according to messages to clients seen by Reuters last week.""With regard to the ION Group cyber incident  we promptly adopted measures to avoid fully suspending activities related to the Exchange-Traded Derivatives segment. Most operations have now been restored. We also immediately carried out security checks to protect our clients and ensure that our own systems were free of contagion "" an Intesa Sanpaolo spokesperson said.Some base metal traders reported experiencing delays in matching deals transacted on the London Metal Exchange.Lockbit said last week that a ransom had been paid  although it declined to say how much it was or offer evidence the money had been handed over. ION declined to comment on whether it had met the demands.(Reporting by Harry Robertson and Gus Trompiz; additional reporting by Amanda Cooper and Sybille de La Hamaide; editing by Forrest Crellin  Barbara Lewis and Paul Simao)By Harry Robertson and Gus Trompiz",neutral,0.01,0.61,0.38,negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Euronext', 'commitment', 'traders', 'notice', 'The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'Sybille de La Hamaide', 'Dutch bank ABN Amro', 'European grain sector', 'internal business backlogs', 'London Metal Exchange', 'clearing system XTP', 'Exchange-Traded Derivatives segment', 'third-party software provider', 'Group cyber incident', 'base metal traders', 'Intesa Sanpaolo spokesperson', 'wheat futures', 'largest bank', 'derivatives division', 'hacking group', 'clearing unit', 'price benchmark', 'Markets UK', 'hedge funds', 'biggest banks', 'previous week', 'small number', 'wider disruption', 'separate person', 'Most operations', 'security checks', 'matching deals', 'Harry Robertson', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Forrest Crellin', 'Barbara Lewis', 'Paul Simao', 'cyber attack', 'COT) report', 'COT report', 'market participants', 'latest publication', 'additional reporting', 'daily positions', 'Euronext', 'problem', 'Jan.', 'Feb.', 'date', 'Lockbit', 'responsibility', 'customers', 'brokerages', 'world', 'regulator', 'Commitments', 'Wednesdays', 'message', 'website', 'Thursday', 'notice', 'signs', 'clients', 'knowledge', 'matter', 'institution', 'connectivity', 'users', 'Tuesday', 'work', 'Italy', 'assets', 'Reuters', 'regard', 'measures', 'activities', 'systems', 'contagion', 'delays', 'ransom', 'evidence', 'money', 'demands']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605317/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2022-results.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 results,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600......,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2022 resultsStrong results demonstrating Euronext’s diversified business model  efficient management of cash trading market share combined with cost discipline. Upgraded 2024 synergies target.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022.F ull year 2022 underlying revenue and income 1 up + 0 . 1 % pro forma 2 at € 1 467.8 million ( reported revenue and income at € 1 418. 8 million   +€120.2 million   -3.2 % pro forma 2   + 9.3 % reported ) illustrating the strong performance of non -volume related business and enhanced revenue capture : Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58.1% of 2022 underlying revenue 1 (vs. 58% pro forma in 2021) and covered 141% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A 3 (vs. 142% pro forma in 2021). Trading revenue grew to €514.1 million (-0.8% pro forma  +10.5% reported). FX and power trading reported strong performances. The softer environment for cash trading volumes from the second semester of 2022 was offset by efficient management of yield and an uptick in market share from October 2022. Post-trade revenue (excluding NTI) grew to €364.5 million (+1.5 % pro forma  +13.7% reported). Custody and Settlement revenue was €243.1 million (stable pro forma  +10.9% reported) thanks to the diversified Euronext Securities business model as settlement activity stabilised. Clearing revenue increased to €121.4 million (+4.5% pro forma  +19.7% reported) mainly as a result of the consolidation of revenue from Euronext Clearing (acquired on 29 April 2021) and improved product mix. Net treasury income for Euronext Clearing was €44.0 million  excluding Q3 2022 €49.0 million of non-underlying pre-tax loss following the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio 1 . Listing revenue grew to €218.4 million (+7.3% pro forma  +15.1% reported)  demonstrating the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions. In 2022  Euronext remained the leading venue for equity listing in Europe  recording 83 new equity listings  and the leading venue for debt listing globally. Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €212.1 million (+4.8% pro forma  +15.5% reported)  driven by the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and a strong performance of both real-time and non real-time data businesses.Adjusted EBITDA 3 was at € 861.6 million ( +€90.6 million   -1.2 % pro forma  +11. 7 % reported ) reflecting continued cost disciplin e despite strong inflationary pressure . A djusted EBITDA margin was at 58. 7 % (-0. 8 pt s pro forma   -0. 7 p t s reported ): Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 3 were €606.1 million (+2.0% pro forma  +14.9% reported)  beating revised 2022 cost guidance of €612 million (initially €622 million)  thanks to efficient cost control and several positive one-off impacts over the year.Reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5.9% reported to€ 437.8 million ( + € 24. 5 million): Net financing expenses were at €29.7 million and results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million. Income tax rate was at 26.6%.Adjus ted net income 3   share of the parent company shareholders  was up +5. 7 % to € 555.3 millionAdjusted EPS 4 was down -4. 8 % at € 5.2 1   due to higher share countdue to higher share count Net debt to reported EBITDA was at 2.6x at the end of 2022 and net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 2.4x resulting from strong cash generation since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Key figures for full year 2022:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2022 2021 % var % varl-f-l5 % var pro forma Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% -3.2% Underlying revenue and income1 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% +0.1% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A3 (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% +2.0% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% -1.2% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts -0.8pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% -3.3% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) (share count differs between the two periods) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Dividend proposal:As announced on 28 July 2022  a pay-out ratio of 50% of reported net income  adjusted for the Q3 2022 one-off post-tax loss related to the partial disposal of Euronext Clearing portfolio  representing a dividend for 2022 of €236.6 million (€2.22 per share) will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 May 2023.Cost guidance for 2023:In 2023  Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around €630 million  compared to the annualised second semester of 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around €620 million. The slight increase in costs only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives. Savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development costs.Status update on synergies in relation to the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition : € 34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies were achieved at the end of Q4 2022  thanks to restructuring efforts and the migration of the Core Data Centre. €9.7 million run-rate annual synergies were delivered in Q4 2022. €44.2 million of cumulated implementation costs incurred at the end of Q4 2022  of which €6.3 million during Q4 2022.Next steps in the deployment of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan : Euronext upgrades its 2024 annual run - rate pre - tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by € 15 millon to € 115 million . Implementation costs remain unchanged. Euronext confirmed the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets onto Optiq ® in March 2023  forming the first phase of the migration  and of Borsa Italiana other markets in Q4 2023 allowing for termination of the third-party provider trading platform contract. Euronext confirmed the phases in the expansion of Euronext Clearing with the expected launch of the equity clearing offering by the end of 2023 and of derivative clearing by Q3 2024. These strategic projects are expected to reach around € 7 0 million of cumulated run-rate synergies by the end of 2023  out of the €115 million targeted. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%   and revenue capture a round 0.5 2 bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq ®   considering current market conditions and orders size.Key achievement in the deployment of the ‘ Fit for 1.5 °’ ESG strategy in 2022 : Euronext’s upgraded SBTi-aligned climate targets were validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative: By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.The Group’s efforts to enhance diversity were recognised through the inclusion of Euronext into the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“In 2022  Euronext reached record revenue and income above €1.4 billion notably resulting from the strong performance of our non-volume related activities  together with efficient management of revenue capture and of cash trading market share. Thanks to our trademark cost discipline  we beat our 2022 revised costs guidance. We achieved an adjusted EBITDA of €861.6 million that translated into an adjusted EPS of €5.21. We will propose a total dividend of €236.6 million at our next annual general meeting to be held in May 2023  representing 50% of our reported net income  excluding NTI loss impact.This year has been crucial in laying the foundations for the future growth of the Group. We have successfully completed the first major milestone of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan with the migration of our Core Data Centre from the UK to Italy. At the end of 2022  we have achieved €34.1 million of cumulated run-rate annual synergies related to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.This fruitful year paves the way for the next steps to be delivered in 2023. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe  operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq®  which will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext Clearing will become the Euronext equity clearing house of choice by the end of 2023  and the CCP for derivatives clearing in Q3 2024. These are the critical bricks to complete our presence across the integrated value chain  allowing us to innovate and shape capital markets in line with evolving client needs  and making Euronext even stronger to deliver future growth.In an inflationary environment  we will contain our costs to a slight increase in 2023  at €630 million  demonstrating Euronext’s ability to maintain its cost discipline while investing to generate revenue expansion of our non-volume related activities. We expect to deliver by the end of 2023 around €70 million of the synergies targeted as part of our ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan. Our good progress on integration led us to upgrade the total amount of targeted run-rate EBITDA synergies by the end of 2024 from €100 million to €115 million. This further demonstrates Euronext’s successful track record in integrating acquired companies.Our strong performance  combined with the successful ongoing delivery of the planned synergies  is supporting our deleveraging trajectory with a net debt to EBITDA ratio at 2.6x  well below 3.2x at the time of closing of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition. This leaves the Group with flexibility to further deploy capital in value generating opportunities that might arise.Lastly  we are happy to see that our ‘Fit for 1.5°’ ESG strategy is bearing fruit  as our upgraded emission reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative. We are pleased to see Euronext being included in both the Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Equileap Gender Equality France 40 indices  demonstrating the progress we are making in striving towards more equality.”Euronext Q4 and full year 2022 financial performanceFull year 20226In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. FY 2022 FY 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 418.8 1 298.7 +9.3% -0.2% Underlying revenue and income7 1 467.8 1 298.7 +13.0% -0.2% Listing 218.4 189.7 +15.1% +6.6% Trading revenue  of which 514.1 465.3 +10.5% -2.4% Cash trading 301.7 293.7 +2.7% -4.4% Derivatives trading 58.4 52.5 +11.3% +2.6% Fixed income trading 93.0 65.8 +41.3% -8.9% FX trading 28.4 23.5 +21.0% +7.9% Power trading 32.7 29.9 +9.4% +8.9% Investor Services 9.6 8.9 +7.9% +10.8% Advanced Data Services 212.1 183.6 +15.5% +5.4% Post-Trade  of which 364.5 320.6 +13.7% +0.2% Clearing 121.4 101.4 +19.7% +3.8% Custody and Settlement 243.1 219.2 +10.9% -4.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 100.1 85.5 +17.1% +3.3% NTI through CCP business (4.9) 35.4 -113.9% -42.2% Other income 1.5 3.5 -55.7% -92.9% Transitional revenues 3.4 6.2 -45.3% -81.9% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (606.1) (527.6) +14.9% +2.7% Adjusted EBITDA 861.6 771.0 +11.7% -2.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 58.7% 59.4% -0.7pts -1.2pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (633.4) (584.8) +8.3% +2.7% EBITDA 785.4 713.9 +10.0% -2.3% Depreciation & Amortisation (160.2) (134.6) +19.0% -1.6% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (793.6) (719.4) +10.3% +2.3% Adjusted operating profit 792.8 709.6 +11.7% -2.3% Operating Profit 625.3 579.3 +7.9% Net financing income / (expense) (29.7) (31.7) -6.4% Results from equity investments 18.7 33.2 -43.7% Profit before income tax 614.2 580.7 +5.8% Income tax expense (163.6) (158.6) +3.1% Share of non-controlling interests (12.8) (8.7) +46.5% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 437.8 413.3 +5.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders8 555.3 525.5 +5.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 5.21 5.47 -4.8% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 4.10 4.30 -4.6% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 5.19 5.46 -4.8% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 4.10 4.29 -4.6%Share count differs between the two periods2022 revenue and incomeIn 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €1 418.8 million  up +9.3% reported compared to 2021  resulting from the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong performance of non-volume related activities  partially offset by the Q3 2022 €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off pre-tax loss (€35.0 million post-tax) related to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio9 and a softer volume environment for cash equity trading. Underlying revenue and income  excluding the non-underlying  one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio  was up +13.0% in 2022  to €1 467.8 million.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was stable (-0.2%) in 2022  at €1 204.4 million  compared to 2021. Pro forma the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition on 29 April 2021  underlying revenue and income were stable in 2022 compared to 2021  resulting from strong non-volume related activities  notably listing and advanced data services  very good performances for FX and power trading and a solid performance of derivatives trading.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2022  stable vs. 2021  reflecting the successful diversification towards non-volume related activities  good performance of non-equity related trading activities and the challenging environment for cash trading and MTS cash trading this quarter. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related underlying revenue ratio was at 141% in 2022  almost stable vs. 2021 (142%).2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €606.1 million  up +14.9%  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group costs and continued cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Underlying expenses excluding D&A (€606.1 million) were better than 2022 guidance of €612 million underlying costs excluding D&A (€622 million initially) thanks to strong cost discipline  project costs being capitalised and one-off positive impacts  including release of accruals and lower-than-anticipated travel and marketing expenses due to the Covid-19 pandemic.On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly by +2.7% compared to 2021  which was positively impacted by the decrease of travel and marketing expenses during the pandemic  highlighting Euronext’s ability to contain inflation in 2022. On a pro forma basis for the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021  underlying operational expenses increased slightly by +2.0%  mainly due to the return of travel and marketing expenses in 2022.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €861.6 million and saw double digit growth  +11.7% compared to 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 58.7%  down -0.7 points compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was down -2.3%  to €699.3 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 58.1%  down -1.2 points compared to the same perimeter in 2021.2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €160.2 million in 2022  up +19.0%  mostly due to the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €83.3 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €792.8 million  a strong +11.7% increase compared to 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -2.3% compared to 2021  at €643.6 million.€118.6 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for 2022 was €29.7 million compared to a net financing expense of €31.7 million in 2021. This decrease mainly results from the elimination of costs in relation to the bridge financing of the Borsa Italiana Group in 2021  partially offset by the cost of bonds issued to finance the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Results from equity investments amounted to €18.7 million in 2022  solely representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in 2021  Euronext reported €33.2 million in results from equity investments  reflecting two dividends received from Sicovam and two dividends received from Euroclear in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for 2022 was €163.6 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2022 (2021: €158.6 million and 27.3% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €12.8 million in 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +5.9% for 2022 compared to 2021  to €437.8 million  including the one-off loss due to the portfolio reallocation10 of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. This represents a reported EPS of €4.10 basic and €4.10 diluted in 2022  compared to €4.30 basic and €4.29 diluted in 2021. This decrease reflects a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +5.7% to €555.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -4.8% in 2022  at €5.21 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.47 per share in 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over 2022 compared to 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In 2022  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €616.5 million  compared to €543.7 million in 2021  resulting from higher profit before tax and higher depreciation and amortisation. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 83.9% of EBITDA in 2022.Fourth quarter 202211In €m  unless stated otherwiseThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 347.0 370.1 -6.2% -6.1% Listing 53.5 51.9 +3.1% +3.8% Trading revenue  of which 116.3 132.3 -12.1% -12.4% Cash trading 65.1 79.3 -17.9% -17.9% Derivatives trading 13.4 14.2 -5.4% -5.3% Fixed income trading 22.1 24.2 -8.5% -8.5% FX trading 6.7 6.1 +9.5% -2.2% Power trading 8.9 8.5 +4.7% +9.0% Investor Services 2.6 2.3 +13.2% +13.2% Advanced Data Services 54.5 50.7 +7.3% +7.7% Post-Trade  of which 88.6 90.9 -2.5% -2.4% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% -3.9% Custody and Settlement 59.6 60.7 -1.9% -1.6% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 26.9 26.4 +1.8% +2.2% NTI through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% -66.8% Other income 0.3 0.6 -53.2% -53.5% Transitional revenues 0.1 2.0 -93.1% -93.1% Underlying operational expenses exc. D&A (159.2) (156.6) +1.6% +2.1% Adjusted EBITDA 187.9 213.4 -12.0% -12.1% Adjusted EBITDA margin 54.1% 57.7% -3.5pts -3.7pts Operating expenses exc. D&A (170.2) (170.6) -0.2% +2.1% EBITDA 176.9 199.5 -11.4% -12.1% Depreciation & Amortisation (42.6) (48.9) -12.8% +0.8% Total Expenses (inc. D&A) (212.8) (219.4) -3.0% +1.9% Adjusted operating profit 168.4 194.1 -13.3% -13.4% Operating Profit 134.2 150.6 -10.9% Net financing income / (expense) (6.0) (6.7) -9.3% Results from equity investments 12.6 7.3 +71.7% Profit before income tax 140.8 151.3 -7.0% Income tax expense (38.5) (35.7) +7.7% Share of non-controlling interests (3.0) (2.9) +3.8% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 99.3 112.7 -11.9% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders12 118.2 144.6 -18.2% Adjusted EPS (basic  in€) 1.11 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (basic  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in€) 1.10 1.35 -18.0% Reported EPS (diluted  in€) 0.93 1.05 -11.5%Q4 2022 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2022  Euronext’s consolidated revenue and income amounted to €347.0 million  down -6.2% compared to Q4 2021  primarily due to the solid performance of advanced data services and listing activities  offset by lower cash and fixed income trading and post-trade revenue  including net treasury income. On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was down -6.1% in Q4 2022  to €346.5 million  compared to Q4 2021.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 60% of Group revenue in Q4 2022  compared to 58% in Q4 2021  reflecting higher advanced data services and services revenue. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 130% in Q4 2022  compared to 136% in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased to €159.2 million  slightly up +1.6%  reflecting strong cost discipline in an inflationary environment and higher capitalised project costs. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation slightly increased by +2.1% compared to Q4 2021.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €187.9 million  down -12.0% compared to Q4 2021. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%  down -3.5 points compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2022 was down -12.1%  to €187.7 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 54.2%  down -3.7pts points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2021.Q4 2022 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €42.6 million in Q4 2022  -12.8% less than in Q4 2021. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.8 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €168.4 million  a -13.3% decrease compared to Q4 2021. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was down -13.4% compared to Q4 2021  at €168.2 million.€34.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2022  related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing expense for Q4 2022 was €6.0 million  compared to a net financing expense of €6.7 million in Q4 2021. This decrease results from higher interest income due to increased interest rates partially offset by the higher cost of issued bonds and a negative revaluation of foreign currency balances.Results from equity investments amounted to €12.6 million in Q4 2022  representing the contribution received from LCH SA and a dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in Q4 2021  Euronext reported €7.3 million in results from equity investments  reflecting a dividend payment by Sicovam in addition to the contribution received from LCH SA.Income tax for Q4 2022 was €38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter (Q4 2021: €35.7 million and 23.6% respectively).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €3.0 million in Q4 2022.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  decreased by -11.9% for Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021  to €99.3 million. This represents a reported EPS of €0.93 basic and €0.93 diluted in Q4 2022  compared to €1.05 basic and €1.05 diluted in Q4 2021. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was down -18.2% to €118.2 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was down -18.0% in Q4 2022  at €1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.35 per share in Q4 2021. This decrease reflect a higher number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to the fourth quarter of 2021.The weighted number of shares used over 2022 was 106 669 451 for the basic calculation and 106 901 306 for the diluted calculation  compared to 96 058 761 and 96 297 159 respectively over 2021.In Q4 2022  Euronext reported a negative net cash flow from operating activities of €147.1 million  compared to a positive €145.6 million in Q4 2021  reflecting higher negative changes in working capital reflecting notably short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 51.9% of EBITDA in Q4 2022.Business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Listing revenue 53.5 51.9 +3.1% 218.4 189.7 +15.1% Equity 27.0 23.9 +12.6% 108.5 86.9 +24.9% Annual fees 16.7 15.1 +10.5% 68.4 52.9 +29.5% Follow-ons 6.3 5.6 +12.8% 20.8 18.2 +13.9% IPOs 4.0 3.2 +22.3% 19.3 15.8 +22.4% Debts 9.0 10.5 -14.4% 36.6 38.5 -4.9% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 5.8 5.7 +1.8% 22.7 18.9 +20.2% Corporate Services 9.6 8.6 +11.4% 39.5 37.1 +6.5% ELITE and Other 2.2 3.1 -30.3% 11.1 8.3 +33.0% Money raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1%Fourth quarter 2022Listing revenue was €53.5 million in Q4 2022  an increase of +3.1% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time13. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +3.8% compared to Q4 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 24 new listings in Q4 2022. This compares to 57 new listings in the fourth quarter of 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Nine of the new listings in Q4 2022 were from international companies  confirming Euronext as the listing venue of choice outside of its core markets.In Q4 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €310 million raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a very strong Q4 2021 with €6.6 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported a strong quarter with €10.1 billion raised in secondary equity issues in Q4 2022  compared to €8.3 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 80 new listings.Euronext’s bond franchise remained resilient despite a challenging economic environment. In Q4 2022  €226.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €389.4 billion raised in Q4 2021.In total  €237.3 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in Q4 2022  compared to €404.2 billion in Q4 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a solid quarter in terms of revenue at €9.6 million in Q4 2022  up +11.4% compared to Q4 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context and partially offset by a negative one-off adjustment.Full year 2022Listing revenue was €218.4 million in 2022  an increase of +15.1% compared to 2021  reflecting higher annual fees  the strong performance of Euronext Corporate Services and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time14. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +6.6% compared to 2021.Euronext’s primary equity listing business sustained its leading position in Europe with 83 new listings in 2022  outperforming all European listing venues. This compares to 212 in 2021  which was a record year for new listings. Five of the top ten largest IPOs in Europe15 in 2022 took place on Euronext  and 20 listings from international companies16  demonstrating Euronext’s attractiveness for companies in its core markets in Europe and beyond.In 2022  Euronext’s markets reported €3.8 billion raised in primary equity issues. This compares to a record 2021 with €26.0 billion raised on Euronext primary markets.Euronext’s secondary markets reported €28.5 billion raised in secondary equity issues in 2022  compared to €83.0 billion in 2021.Euronext remained a leading exchange in Europe for ETF listings  with 478 new listings.Euronext sustained its position as the leading listing venue for bonds worldwide in 202217  growing the number of bonds listed to more than 53 000 across all Euronext markets  despite persisting negative debt market conditions globally due to rising interest rates and concerns over economic growth. In 2022  €961.9 billion in debt was raised on Euronext markets  reflecting the current market conditions  and compared to €1.5 trillion raised in 2021.In total  €994.1 billion in equity and debt was raised on Euronext’s markets in 2022  which represents the second best year for equity and debt listing in Euronext’s history after the €1.6 trillion raised in 2021.Euronext Corporate Services reported a strong year in terms of revenue at €39.5 million in 2022  up +6.5% compared to 2021  resulting from a solid performance across the offering  despite a slowdown in webcast activities in a post-pandemic context.Tradingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Trading revenue 116.3 132.3 -12.1% 514.1 465.3 +10.5% Cash trading revenue 65.1 79.3 -17.9% 301.7 293.7 +2.7% ADV Cash market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Derivatives trading revenue 13.4 14.2 -5.4% 58.4 52.5 +11.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 622 975 718 023 -13.2% 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Fixed income trading revenue 22.1 24.2 -8.5% 93.0 65.8 +41.3% ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% 353 700 282 655 +25.1% ADV other fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2% 909 895 +1.6% Spot FX trading revenue 6.7 6.1 +9.5% 28.4 23.5 +21.0% ADV spot FX Market (in USDm) 20 160 19 381 +4.0% 22 507 19 214 +17.1% Power trading revenue 8.9 8.5 +4.7% 32.7 29.9 +9.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.98 2.76 +7.9% 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.13 0.08 +69.6% 0.10 0.07 +49.8%Trading revenue on a reported basis. Volumes including Italy on a pro forma basis for 2021 until the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group on 29 April 2021.Fourth quarter 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue decreased by -17.9% to €65.1 million in Q4 2022  resulting from lower trading volumes  partially offset by an uptick in market share from October 2022. Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €10.1 billion  a volume decrease of-17.2% compared to Q4 2021 resulting from a softer trading environment and partially offset by efficient revenue capture management.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana markets and larger average order size. During the fourth quarter 2022  Euronext continued to enhance its fee schemes. The latter translated into an uptick in market share from October 2022. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in Q4 2022. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members.Euronext continued to be the provider of best market quality with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates18.On 13 October 2022  Euronext hosted a virtual educational session on its cash equity trading business. A replay of the presentation and Q&A session is available here.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -17.9% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue decreased by -5.4% to €13.4 million in Q4 2022 as the volume mix positively impacted revenue capture and partially offset softer volumes in equity futures and options trading.During the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes on financial derivatives was 550 517 lots  down -12.7% from Q4 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis with the higher volatility in Q4 2021.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 72 457 lots in Q4 2022  down -17.2% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting a normalised trading environment .Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.34 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2022  reflecting improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -5.3% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €22.1 million in Q4 2022  compared to €24.2 million in Q4 2021  reflecting an economic environment in Europe favouring money market trading volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. For the fourth quarter of 2022  MTS Cash reported €12.8 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €5.6 million of revenue.The fourth quarter saw the strong traction in Repo trading continue  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +36.0% compared to Q4 2021 to €397.0 billion. This partially offset lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -32.7% to €15.4 billion  compared to €22.9 billion in Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.5% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported revenue at €6.7 million in Q4 2022  up +9.5% from Q4 2021. Euronext FX trading volumes and revenue continued to benefit from geographic expansion and product diversification  despite softening volatility compared to the start of 2022.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily volumes of USD 20.2 billion were recorded  up +4.0% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was down -2.2% in Q4 2022 compared to Q4 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €8.9 million in revenue in Q4 2022  representing a strong growth of +4.7% compared to Q4 2021  driven by dynamic volumes  the increased footprint of Nord Pool in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland  and a continued robust performance in the Nordics. In Q4 2022  record intraday power trading volumes were reported in Central and Western Europe.Over the fourth quarter of 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.98TWh  up +7.9% compared to Q4 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.13 TWh  up +69.6% compared to Q4 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +9.0% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Cash tradingCash trading revenue increased by +2.7% to € 301.7 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of the Borsa Italiana Group and strong volumes during the first semester of 2022  partially offset by lower volumes in the second half of 2022. Over 2022  Euronext recorded cash trading average daily volumes of €11.7 billion  stable compared to a record year 2021 at €11.8 billion. Euronext continued to be the provider of the best market quality  with a sustained above-average EBBO presence across the equity markets it operates19.Over the year  Euronext’s market share on cash trading averaged 66.6%  with a clear uptick in market share since October 2022  thanks to intense commercial activity and enhanced fee schemes.Over 2022  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.50bps  reflecting the dilutive impact of the Borsa Italiana fee grid before the migration to the Optiq® trading platform and higher transaction orders sizes on a reported basis. The largest single liquidity pool in Europe operated by Euronext will significantly change dimension with the migration of Italian cash markets to Euronext’s state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq® in Q1 2023. This migration will benefit local and global trading members. In 2023  Euronext expects to maintain for cash trading an average market share greater or equal to 63%  and revenue capture around 0.52bps following the migration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq®  considering current market conditions and orders size.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was down -4.4% in 2022 compared to 2021.Derivatives tradingDerivatives trading revenue increased by +11.3% to €58.4 million in 2022  as a result of strong traction on the index derivatives franchise and improved product mix enhancing revenue capture.During 2022  average daily volume on financial derivatives was 616 092 lots  down -5.3% from 2021  reflecting a strong comparison basis in a volatile 2021  including lower activity from equity finance clients.Average daily volumes on commodity derivatives were at 79 318 lots in 2022  down -3.5% compared to 2021  reflecting a decrease in commodity futures trading compared to all-time high levels in 2021  partly offset by record activity on commodity options.Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot in 2022  resulting from improved revenue capture across the offering.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +2.6% in 2022 compared to 2021.Fixed income tradingFixed income trading reported revenue was at €93.0 million in 2022  compared to €65.8 million in 2021  reflecting the consolidation of MTS  whose volumes reflected the change in macro-economic conditions in Europe with rising inflation  interest rates and uncertainties which favoured money markets.MTS reported an overall robust performance in markets dominated by increasing interest rates. In 2022  MTS Cash reported €59.5 million of revenue and MTS Repo reported €21.6 million of revenue.2022 recorded strong growth in Repo trading  with term-adjusted average daily volumes up +25.1% compared to 2021 to €353.7 billion. This compensated for lower MTS Cash average daily volumes  down -21.2% to €18.9 billion  compared to €24.0 billion in 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was down -8.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.FX tradingFX trading reported all-time record revenues at €28.4 million in 2022  up +21.0% from 2021. Euronext FX trading benefited from the positive momentum with heightened volatility  geographic expansion and product diversification.Over 2022  average daily volumes of USD 22.5 billion were recorded  up +17.1% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +7.9% in 2022 compared to 2021.Power tradingPower trading reported €32.7 million in revenue in 2022  representing a strong growth of +9.4% compared to 2021  driven by record volumes  totalling over 1 000TWh  and continued successful geographic expansion in Central and Western Europe  UK and Ireland. Over 2022  average daily day-ahead power traded was 2.75TWh  up +11.4% compared to 2021  and average daily intraday power traded was 0.10TWh  up +49.8% compared to 2021.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +8.9% compared to 2021.Investor ServicesFourth quarter 2022Investor Services reported €2.6 million revenue in Q4 2022  representing a +13.2% increase compared to Q4 2021  resulting from continued commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Investor Services reported €9.6 million revenue in 2022  representing a +7.9% increase compared to 2021  resulting from successful growth of the client base and successful key product launches.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +10.8% compared to 2021.Advanced Data ServicesFourth quarter 2022Advanced Data Services reached record revenue of €54.5 million in Q4 2022  up +7.3% from Q4 2021  driven by a strong performance of the core data business and the advanced data solutions offering  including quant research products  and a resilient quarter for the indices franchise.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +7.7% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Advanced Data Services recorded revenue grew to €212.1 million in 2022  up +15.5% from 2021  driven by the consolidation of Borsa Italiana’s data businesses  as well as a strong performance of the core data and advanced data solutions businesses. The Euronext’s indices franchise posted a resilient performance in 2022  despite lower structured products activity following two years of intense volatility.Euronext continued to expand its ESG Indices franchise in 2022 including with the successful launch of ESG versions of its national flagship indices  the AEX® ESG in the Netherlands and the OBX® ESG in Norway  reinforcing the existing offering that already included the CAC 40® ESG in France and the MIB® ESG in Italy.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.4% compared to 2021.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2022 Q4 2021 % change FY 2022 FY 2021 % change Post-trade revenue (exc. NTI) 88.6 90.9 -2.5% 364.5 320.6 +13.7% Clearing 29.0 30.1 -3.9% 121.4 101.4 +19.7% Revenue from LCH SA 18.1 18.5 -2.4% 75.8 71.5 +6.1% Revenue from Euronext Clearing 10.9 11.6 -6.3% 45.6 29.9 +52.5% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 59.6 60.7 -1.9% 243.1 219.2 +10.9% Net treasury income through CCP business 4.3 12.9 -66.8% (4.9)1 35.4 -113.9%ClearingFourth quarter 2022Clearing revenue was down -3.9% to €29.0 million in Q4 2022  as a result of weaker cash equity and derivatives clearing activity  partly offset by stronger bond clearing volumes. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €8.9 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022).Euronext Clearing activities reflected an uplift in cleared volumes for bond clearing  and a decrease in equity and derivatives clearing in line with trading volumes. In Q4 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €1.4 million from derivatives clearing  €3.8 million from equities clearing  and €2.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was down -3.9% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Clearing revenue grew by +19.7% to €121.4 million in 2022  reflecting the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and a volatile volume environment throughout the year. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA) accounted for €39.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2022.Euronext Clearing activities reflected the general market dynamic over 2022  with a gradual decline in equity and derivatives clearing volumes offset by a steady increase in bond clearing volumes. In 2022  Euronext Clearing revenue included €6.5 million from derivatives clearing  €16.7 million from equities clearing  and €9.8 million from bonds clearing.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +3.8% compared to 2021.Net treasury incomeFourth quarter 2022As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing has engaged in a partial disposal of its portfolio20. It disposed the portfolio maturing after 1 May 2023 while retaining its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023  which it will hold to maturity. As a consequence  net treasury income amounted to €4.3 million in Q4 2022.Full year 2022The partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing investment portfolio resulted in a one-off  non-underlying pre-tax loss of €49.0 million  reported in Q3 2022. This led to a reported net treasury income of -€4.9 million in 2022. Excluding the non-underlying one-off loss  net treasury income totalled €44.0 million in 2022  impacted by a high level of collateral held due to high levels of volatility.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesFourth quarter 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities  including the activities of Euronext Securities (Copenhagen  Milan  Oslo  Porto)  was €59.6 million in Q4 2022  down -1.9% compared to Q4 2021  reflecting Euronext Securities resilient topline thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilised settlement environment. The fourth quarter of 2022 also showed a recovery in the value of assets under custody.26 265 921 settlement instructions were processed in the fourth quarter of 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -1.6% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was at €243.1 million in 2022  up +10.9% compared to 2021  driven by the consolidation of Euronext Securities Milan  a positively geared geographical mix and stable assets under custody  which offset lower settlement activity.120 550 357 settlement instructions were processed in 2022 and assets under custody reached €6.3 trillion at the end of December 2022.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was down -4.8% compared to 2021.Euronext Technologies and Other revenueFourth quarter 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €26.9 million in Q4 2022  up +1.8% from Q4 2021  reflecting good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext’s Core Data Centre more than offsetting lower revenue from hosting services.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +2.2% compared to Q4 2021.Full year 2022Euronext Technologies and Other revenue increased to €100.1 million in 2022  up +17.1% from 2021  resulting from the consolidation of Borsa Italiana Group technology activities  including Gatelab and X2M and additional revenue generated through colocation activity following the Euronext’s Core Data Centre migration.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.3%. compared to 2021.Q4 2022 corporate highlights since publication of the Q3 2022 results on 3 November 2022Completion of the acquisition of the technology business from Nexi’s capital markets activitiesOn 1 December 2022  Euronext announced the completion of the purchase of the technology business powering MTS  Euronext’s leading fixed-income trading platform  and Euronext Securities Milan  from Nexi. This Transaction enables Euronext to fully internalise the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities Milan. Following this Transaction  Nexi will continue to provide technology services to Euronext under transitional arrangements and services under commercial agreements.Disposal of MTS Markets International Inc.  US subsidiary of MTS S.p.A.On 15 December 2022  MTS S.p.A.  the leading European bond trading platform majority-owned by Euronext  announced that it has completed the sale of its US subsidiary MTS Markets International Inc. (“MMI”) to Tradition America Holdings Inc.  a subsidiary of Compagnie Financière Tradition SA.The sale of MMI was implemented as a result of the conclusion of a strategic review initiated following the integration of Borsa Italiana and the decision to divest non-core assets.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2023Expansion of Euronext Clearing to derivatives marketsOn 16 January 2023  Euronext announced that the European expansion of Euronext Clearing to Euronext derivatives markets is planned for Q3 2024. Euronext expects to migrate the listed financial derivatives and commodities markets of Euronext Amsterdam  Euronext Brussels  Euronext Lisbon  Oslo Børs and Euronext Paris from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing by Q3 202421. As a reminder  Euronext Clearing already clears Euronext Milan listed derivatives.As Euronext Clearing undertakes derivatives clearing services in Europe  Euronext has decided to terminate the existing derivatives clearing agreement (the “Agreement”) with LCH SA  under the terms of the Agreement. Therefore  on 16 January 2023  Euronext served LCH SA notice of termination for the purposes of the Agreement.As set up in the Agreement  Euronext will pay a termination fee of approximately €36.0 million to LCH SA  provisioned in its income statement as non-underlying expenses in Q1 2023  and payable in 2024. As previously stated  this amount is included in the €150 million of implementation costs related to the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and already announced in November 2021.Following the notification of the early termination of the Agreement  LCH Group has the option to buy back Euronext's 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Further communication related to the stake owned by Euronext in LCH SA will be made when appropriate.Euronext and LCH SA are committed to working together to ensure an orderly migration of clearing flows from LCH SA to Euronext Clearing.The termination of the Agreement does not impact the existing clearing agreement signed between MTS S.p.A and LCH SA nor the existing agreement related to the interoperability link on Italian Government Bonds between Euronext Clearing and LCH SA.ESG innovation across the Group Euronext’s upgraded greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets have been validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi): By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 1 and Scope 2 market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 73.5% compared to 2020; By 2030  Euronext will reduce its Scope 3 business travel emissions by at least 46.2% compared to 2019; By 2027  Euronext suppliers  representing 72% of Euronext’s greenhouse gas emissions derived from purchased goods and services  must set targets on their Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. On 12 January 2023  Euronext announced the launch of the CAC SBT 1.5°  an index investing solely in companies within the SBF 120 Index that have emissions reduction targets approved to be aigned with the 1.5° goal of the Paris agreement. Euronext entered the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  indices highlighting European companies that have demonstrated a strong role in improving gender equality. The gender equality score provider for these indices  Equileap  assesses each company’s commitment to gender equality from its boardroom to its supply chain  and is inspired by the UN Women’s Empowerment principles. The index methodology also applies activity-based exclusions  UNGC compliance and controversial activities exclusion.Euronext volumes January 2023In January 2023  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €9 794 million  down -29.6% compared to the same period last year.The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 625 398 contracts (-23.3% compared to January 2022) and the open interest was 21 803 069 contracts at the end of January 2022 (-14.6% compared to the end of January 2022).The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $19 646 million in January 2023  down -12.1% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were down -11.7% to € 19 309 million in January 2023  MTS Repo term adjusted average daily volume stood at €387 930 million  up +4.9% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 5 822 840 shares in January 2023  -27.4% compared to January 2022. €2 311 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +22.1% compared to the same period in 2022. 1 121 094 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2023 (double counted)  +154.9% compared to January 2022. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was down -7.8% compared to January 2022  at 2 469 525 contracts (single counted).Euronext Securities reported 11 125 961 settlement instructions in January 2023  -13.8% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody amount to €6.3 trillion in January 2023  down -2.4% compared to January 2022.Upgrade of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ synergies targetEuronext upgrades its targeted 2024 annual run-rate pre-tax synergies related to the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group by €15 millon and now expects to deliver €115 million of cumulated annual run-rate pre tax synergies by the end of 2024.This compares to the €100 million already upgraded cumulated annual run-rate pre-tax synergies target announced in November 2021 and the initial target of €60 million set in October 2020.The €150 million of expected non-reccuring implementation costs remain unchanged.AgendaA conference call and webcast will be held on 10 February 2023  at 09:00am CET (Paris time) / 08:00am GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Results webcastThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixAdjustments in financial disclosureTo highlight its underlying performance  since Q1 2022 Euronext has published underlying recurring costs  adjusted EBITDA and non-recurring costs.Euronext has removed the exceptional items line from its financial statements. Consequently  costs previously reported as exceptional items have from Q1 2022 been included in their respective lines within Euronext operating expenses as non-recurring items.The €150 million of implementation costs to deliver on the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan targets are therefore considered as non-recurring items and have been withdrawn from the underlying recurring costs.The computation of adjusted net income and earnings per share has been adjusted accordingly. The computation of reported net income and earnings per share is not impacted.2024 strategic plan targets remain unchanged and are not affected by this change in reporting.The new non-IFRS indicators are defined below.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments: amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excl. IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from the Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2022 Q4 2021 FY 2022 FY 2021 Net income reported 99.3 112.7 437.8 413.3 EPS reported 0.93 1.05 4.10 4.30 Adjustments of which revenues (0.0) (0.0) (49.0) (0.0) of which Operating expenses exc. D&A (11.0) (13.9) (27.2) (57.2) of which Depreciation and amortisation (23.1) (29.6) (91.4) (73.2) of which Net financing expense 3.1 0.0 2.3 (7.2) of which results from equity investments (0.0) 0.0 (1.5) (4.3) of which Minority interest 3.9 0.2 4.6 0.9 Tax related to adjustments 8.2 11.4 44.7 28.8 Adjusted net income 118.2 144.6 555.3 438.1 Adjusted EPS 1.11 1.35 5.21 5.47The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorConsolidated income statementThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorQ4 2022 Q4 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 347.0 (0.0) 347.0 370.1 - 370.1 Listing 53.5 - 53.5 51.9 - 51.9 Trading revenue  of which 116.3 - 116.3 132.3 - 132.3 Cash trading 65.1 - 65.1 79.3 - 79.3 Derivatives trading 13.4 - 13.4 14.2 - 14.2 Fixed income trading 22.1 - 22.1 24.2 - 24.2 FX trading 6.7 - 6.7 6.1 - 6.1 Power trading 8.9 - 8.9 8.5 - 8.5 Investor services 2.6 - 2.6 2.3 - 2.3 Advanced data services 54.5 - 54.5 50.7 - 50.7 Post-Trade  of which 88.6 - 88.6 90.9 - 90.9 Clearing 29.0 - 29.0 30.1 - 30.1 Custody & Settlement and other 59.6 - 59.6 60.7 - 60.7 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 26.9 - 26.9 26.4 - 26.4 Net Financing Income through CCP business 4.3 - 4.3 12.9 - 12.9 Other income 0.3 (0.0) 0.3 0.6 - 0.6 Transitional revenues 0.1 - 0.1 2.0 - 2.0 Operating expenses excluding D&A (159.2) (11.0) (170.2) (156.6) (13.9) (170.6) Salaries and employee benefits (77.9) (1.7) (79.7) (77.7) (7.9) (85.6) Other operational expenses  of which (81.2) (9.3) (90.5) (78.9) (6.1) (85.0) System & communication (28.5) (1.8) (30.3) (27.0) 0.3 (26.7) Professional services (16.0) (4.6) (20.6) (21.3) (4.7) (26.0) Clearing expense (8.8) - (8.8) (8.7) - (8.7) Accommodation (3.9) 0.0 (3.9) (2.6) (0.0) (2.6) Other operational expenses (23.9) (3.0) (26.9) (19.4) (1.6) (21.0) EBITDA 187.9 (11.0) 176.9 213.4 (13.9) 199.5 EBITDA margin 54.1% 51.0% 57.7% 53.9% Depreciation & amortisation (19.5) (23.1) (42.6) (19.3) (29.6) (48.9) Total expenses (178.6) (34.1) (212.8) (175.9) (43.5) (219.4) Operating profit 168.4 (34.1) 134.2 194.1 (43.5) 150.6 Net financing income / (expense) (9.1) 3.1 (6.0) (6.7) - (6.7) Results from equity investment 12.6 (0.0) 12.6 7.3 - 7.3 Profit before income tax 171.8 (31.1) 140.8 194.8 (43.5) 151.3 Income tax expense (46.6) 8.2 (38.5) (47.1) 11.4 (35.7) Non-controlling interests (7.0) 3.9 (3.0) (3.2) 0.2 (2.9) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 118.2 (19.0) 99.3 144.6 (31.9) 112.7 EPS (basic  in €) 1.11 0.93 1.35 1.05 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.10 0.93 1.35 1.05FY 2022 FY 2021 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 467.8 (49.0) 1 418.8 1 298.7 (0.0) 1 298.7 Listing 218.4 - 218.4 189.7 - 189.7 Trading revenue  of which 514.1 - 514.1 465.3 - 465.3 Cash trading 301.7 - 301.7 293.7 - 293.7 Derivatives trading 58.4 - 58.4 52.5 - 52.5 Fixed income trading 93.0 - 93.0 65.8 - 65.8 FX trading 28.4 - 28.4 23.5 - 23.5 Power trading 32.7 - 32.7 29.9 - 29.9 Investor services 9.6 - 9.6 8.9 - 8.9 Advanced data services 212.1 - 212.1 183.6 - 183.6 Post-Trade  of which 364.5 - 364.5 320.6 - 320.6 Clearing 121.4 - 121.4 101.4 - 101.4 Custody & Settlement and other 243.1 - 243.1 219.2 - 219.2 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 100.1 0.0 100.1 85.5 (0.0) 85.5 Net Financing Income through CCP business 44.0 (49.0) (4.9) 35.4 - 35.4 Other income 1.5 0.0 1.5 3.5 - 3.5 Transitional revenues 3.4 0.0 3.4 6.2 - 6.2 Operating expenses excluding D&A (606.1)(27.2) (633.4) (527.6)(57.2) (584.8) Salaries and employee benefits (301.1) (6.0) (307.0) (275.8) (11.3) (287.1) Other operational expenses  of which (305.1) (21.3) (326.3) (251.8) (45.9) (297.7) System & communication (116.7) (5.2) (121.9) (86.2) (0.1) (86.3) Professional services (58.7) (12.5) (71.2) (67.2) (21.9) (89.1) Clearing expense (35.6) - (35.6) (33.6) - (33.6) Accommodation (13.5) 0.0 (13.5) (9.3) (0.0) (9.3) Other operational expenses (80.5) (3.5) (84.1) (55.5) (23.8) (79.3) EBITDA 861.6 (76.2) 785.4 771.0 (57.2) 713.9 EBITDA margin 58.7% 55.4% 59.4% 55.0% Depreciation & amortisation (68.8) (91.4) (160.2) (61.4) (73.2) (134.6) Total expenses (675.0) (118.6) (793.6) (589.0) (130.3) (719.4) Operating profit 792.8 (167.5) 625.3 709.6 (130.3) 579.3 Net financing income / (expense) (32.0) 2.3 (29.7) (24.5) (7.2) (31.7) Results from equity investment 20.2 (1.5) 18.7 37.4 (4.3) 33.2 Profit before income tax 781.0 (166.8) 614.2 722.6 (141.9) 580.7 Income tax expense (208.3) 44.7 (163.6) (187.4) 28.8 (158.6) Non-controlling interests (17.4) 4.6 (12.8) (9.6) 0.9 (8.7) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 555.3 (117.5) 437.8 525.5 (112.2) 413.3 EPS (basic  in €) 5.21 4.10 5.47 4.30 EPS (diluted  in €) 5.19 4.10 5.46 4.29Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit for the period 102.3 115.6 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (3.1) 12.5 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 0.8 (1.5) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 21.4 (5.5) – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (6.1) 1.9 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 7.2 (0.2) – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.8) (0.6) -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 1.0 (0.5) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.0) 0.1 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 20.4 6.2 Total comprehensive income for the period 122.7 121.8 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 119.8 118.5 – Non-controlling interests 2.9 3.3The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditorFY 2022 FY 2021 Profit for the period 450.6 422.1 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (29.4) 51.2 – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.8 (6.1) – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income (40.3) (7.7) – Realisation of fair value changes upon disposal of debt investments 49.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.4) 2.6 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 42.1 3.0 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (8.5) (1.2) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 11.9 2.9 – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.3) (0.2) Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 23.7 44.4 Total comprehensive income for the period 474.4 466.5 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 462.0 456.5 – Non-controlling interests 12.4 10.0Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2022 31 December 2021 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 109.4 97.6 Right-of-use assets 42.3 66.2 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 205.8 6 215.8Deferred income tax assets 18.9 37.5 Investments in associates and joint ventures 72.0 69.2 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 278.2 258.1 Other non-current assets 3.7 4.2 Total non-current assets 6 730.3 6 748.6 Current assets Trade and other receivables 345.7 416.6 Income tax receivable 54.9 10.0 Derivative financial instruments (0.0) 11.9 CCP clearing business assets 166 842.5 137 750.9 Other current financial assets 162.7 157.6 Cash & cash equivalents 1 001.1 804.4 Total current assets 168 407.0 139 151.3 Assets from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 6.4 Total assets 175 137.3 145 906.3 Equity Shareholders' equity 3 914.0 3 647.6 Non-controlling interests 126.3 85.3 Total Equity 4 040.3 3 770.7 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 3 027.2 3 044.4 Lease liabilities 21.6 50.7 Deferred income tax liabilities 552.6 592.4 Post-employment benefits 19.6 32.1 Contract liabilities 63.8 70.3 Other provisions 7.0 8.8 Total Non-current liabilities 3 691.8 3 798.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 17.4 17.4 Lease liabilities 28.5 21.0 CCP clearing business liabilities 166 858.7 137 732.4 Income tax payable 28.5 42.1 Trade and other payables 396.3 439.9 Contract liabilities 75.2 80.5 Other provisions 0.7 2.3 Total Current liabilities 167 405.2 138 335.5 Liabilities from disposal groups held for sale (0.0) 1.3 Total equity and liabilities 175 137.3 145 906.3The consolidated Balance Sheet includes the Euronext Clearing (CC&G) business assets and liabilitiesThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedConsolidated statement of cash flowsin € million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Profit before tax 140.8 151.3 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 42.6 48.9 - Share based payments 4.2 3.0 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (2.8) (3.3) - Changes in working capital (254.9) 29.4 Cash flow from operating activities (70.1) 229.2 Income tax paid (77.0) (83.6) Net cash flows from operating activities (147.1) 145.6 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (54.3) - Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 7.8 - Purchase of current financial assets 1.8 (0.5) Redemption of current financial assets 0.6 7.5 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (10.8) (15.0) Purchase of intangible assets (20.0) (14.1) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.0 (0.0) Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 4.0 Dividends received from associates 0.0 0.0 Net cash flow from investing activities (65.7) (18.0) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - (80.0) Interest paid (0.3) (0.5) Settlement of derivatives financial instruments 0.0 - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2.3 Payment of lease liabilities (4.5) (7.8) Acquisitions of own shares 1.0 (31.4) Employee Share transactions (0.1) (1.3) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (5.4) (5.6) Net cash flow from financing activities (9.3) (124.4) Total cash flow over the period (222.1) 3.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 215.0 802.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents 8.2 3.6 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheet. Higher negative changes in working capital notably reflect short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers and suppliers invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities.The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedin € million FY 2022 FY 2021 Profit before tax 614.2 580.7 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 160.2 134.6 - Share based payments 14.0 10.4 - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (8.8) (7.4) - Changes in working capital 57.5 41.1 Cash flow from operating activities 837.1 759.3 Income tax paid (220.6) (215.6) Net cash flows from operating activities 616.5 543.7 Cash flow from investing activities Acquisition of subsidiaries  net of cash acquired (0.7) - Business combinations  net of cash acquired (66.0) (4 196.0) Proceeds from sale of subsidiary 8.7 5.9 Purchase of current financial assets (30.6) (40.4) Redemption of current financial assets 42.9 50.2 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (31.9) (33.4) Purchase of intangible assets (67.7) (34.2) Proceeds from sale of property  plant  equipment and intangible assets 0.1 Dividends received from equity investments 9.8 25.7 Dividends received from associates 6.7 6.7 Net cash flow from investing activities (128.5) (4 215.5) Cash flow from financing activities Proceeds from borrowings  net of transaction fees - 5 471.7 Repayment of borrowings  net of transaction fees - (3 762.9) Interest paid (29.6) (16.1) Interest received 5.9 5.0 Settlement of derivatives financial instruments (8.9) - Issuance new shares  net of transaction fees - 2 375.2 Payment of lease liabilities (23.4) (23.8) Acquisitions of own shares (0.0) (31.8) Employee Share transactions (3.6) (5.1) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (206.0) (157.2) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (10.9) (16.0) Net cash flow from financing activities (276.5) 3 839.1 Total cash flow over the period 211.5 167.3 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 809.4 629.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (19.9) 12.7 Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 001.1 809.4Cash and cash equivalents – End of period also include the cash included in the assets held for sale in the balance sheetThe figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. Numbers for the comparative period have been restatedVolumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2022Cash marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 %var Number of trading days 64 66 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 178 721 696 224 642 330 -20.4% ADV Cash Market 2 792 527 3 403 672 -18.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 645 454 803 596 -19.7% ADV Cash Market 10 085 12 176 -17.2% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 24 57 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 310.2 6 581 -95.3% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 10 052 8 268 +21.6% Money Raised - Bonds 226 900 389 375 -41.7% Total Money Raised 237 262 404 224 -41.3% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 23 52 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 306 2 493 -87.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 3 906 3 263 +19.7% Money Raised - Bonds 240 1 650 -85.5% Total Money Raised 4 451 7 405 -39.9%YTD 2022 YTD 2021 %var Number of trading days 257 258 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 866 303 290 896 622 952 -3.4% ADV Cash Market 3 370 830 3 475 283 -3.0% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 3 006 082 3 046 361 -1.3% ADV Cash Market 11 697 11 808 -0.9% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 929 1 955 -1.3% SMEs 1 530 1 514 +1.1% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 927 3 125 -6.3% ETFs 3 717 3 484 +6.7% Bonds 53 042 52 286 +1.4% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 83 212 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 3 750.8 26 015 -85.6% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 28 481 82 972 -65.7% Money Raised - Bonds 961 858 1 497 633 -35.8% Total Money Raised 994 090 1 606 619 -38.1% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 77 194 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl over allotment) 2 973 10 642 -72.1% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 9 405 15 786 -40.4% Money Raised - Bonds 2 336 4 324 -46.0% Total Money Raised 14 714 30 752 -52.2%Fixed income marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 15 416 22 900 -32.7% TAADV MTS Repo 397 003 291 927 +36.0% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 058 852 +24.2%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 18 862 23 949 -21.2% TAADV MTS Repo 353 700 282 655 +25.1% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 909 895 +1.6%FX marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 65 66 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 310 383 1 279 143 +2.4% ADV Euronext FX 20 160 19 381 +4.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 260 260 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 5 851 899 4 995 569 +17.1% ADV Euronext FX 22 507 19 214 +17.1%Power marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.98 2.76 +7.9% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.13 0.08 +69.6%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.75 2.47 +11.4% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.10 0.07 +49.8%Derivatives marketsQ4 2022 Q4 2021 % var Number of trading days 66 66 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 35 233 108 41 615 200 -15.3% Index 16 033 772 13 898 538 +15.4% Futures 9 885 622 9 263 481 +6.7% Options 6 148 150 4 635 057 +32.6% Individual Equity 19 199 336 27 716 662 -30.7% Futures 927 921 3 050 923 -69.6% Options 18 271 415 24 665 739 -25.9% Commodity 4 637 260 5 774 309 -19.7% Futures 4 216 545 4 922 988 -14.3% Options 420 715 851 321 -50.6% Total Euronext 39 870 368 47 389 509 -15.9% Total Futures 15 030 088 17 237 392 -12.8% Total Options 24 840 280 30 152 117 -17.6% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 550 517 630 533 -12.7% Index 250 528 210 584 +19.0% Futures 154 463 140 356 +10.1% Options 96 065 70 228 +36.8% Individual Equity 299 990 419 949 -28.6% Futures 14 499 46 226 -68.6% Options 285 491 373 723 -23.6% Commodity 72 457 87 490 -17.2% Futures 65 884 74 591 -11.7% Options 6 574 12 899 -49.0% Total Euronext 622 975 718 023 -13.2% Total Futures 234 845 261 173 -9.6% Total Options 388 129 456 850 -2.0%FY 2022 FY 2021 % var Number of trading days 257 258 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 158 335 700 167 931 631 -5.7% Index 64 341 758 57 331 737 +12.2% Futures 43 007 940 38 377 265 +12.1% Options 21 333 818 18 954 472 +12.6% Individual Equity 93 993 942 110 599 894 -15.0% Futures 9 288 011 20 729 380 -55.2% Options 84 705 931 89 870 514 -5.7% Commodity 20 384 703 21 212 415 -3.9% Futures 17 825 764 18 768 517 -5.0% Options 2 558 939 2 443 898 +4.7% Total Euronext 178 720 403 189 144 046 -5.5% Total Futures 70 121 715 77 875 162 -10.0% Total Options 108 598 688 111 268 884 -2.4% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 616 092 650 898 -5.3% Index 250 357 222 216 +12.7% Futures 167 346 148 749 +12.5% Options 83 011 73 467 +13.0% Individual Equity 365 735 428 682 -14.7% Futures 36 140 80 346 -55.0% Options 329 595 348 335 -5.4% Commodity 79 318 82 219 -3.5% Futures 69 361 72 746 -4.7% Options 9 957 9 472 +5.1% Total Euronext 695 410 733 116 -5.1% Total Futures 272 847 301 842 -9.6% Total Options 422 563 431 275 -2.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2022 31 December 2021 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 17 957 749 21 689 103 -17.2% Index 1 074 463 1 202 953 -10.7% Futures 539 893 584 129 -7.6% Options 534 570 618 824 -13.6% Individual Equity 16 883 286 20 486 150 -17.6% Futures 225 815 1 149 835 -80.4% Options 16 657 471 19 336 315 -13.9% Commodity 865 620 1 096 536 -21.1% Futures 567 916 701 280 -19.0% Options 297 704 395 256 -24.7% Total Euronext 18 823 369 22 785 639 -17.4% Total Futures 1 333 624 2 435 244 -45.2% Total Options 17 489 745 20 350 395 -14.1%1 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.2 The variances on pro forma basis assume that the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group took place on 1 January 2021 and therefore include the Borsa Italiana Group financial performance for the entire comparative period. The Borsa Italiana Group financials were consolidated from 29 April 2021.3 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.4 Definition and details of adjustments in Appendix.5 Like-for-like revenue at constant currencies for 2021 and 2022 excludes Euronext Funds360 and the activities acquired from Spafid by Euronext Securities  as well as related costs.6 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data.7 Underlying revenue excludes €49.0 million non-underlying  one-off loss (€35 million post tax) related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio. Please refer to the section on net treasury income and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.9 For more details on the partial disposal of the portfolio  see Net treasury income section of this press release and the announcement of the portfolio re-allocation in the Q2 2022 results press release: https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results.10 Please refer to the Net treasury income section and https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.11 Unless specified otherwise  percentages refer to 2022 period data compared to 2021 period data12 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release13 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.14 Admission fees are recognised over a period of 3-5 years.15 In terms of money raised16 Companies from outside of Euronext core markets17 According to FESE (Federation of European Securities Exchanges).Figures for money raised have been restated1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL1 Source of EBBO presence data: BMLL20 In July 2022  Euronext Clearing reduced its investment portfolio with the aim of strengthening and preserving its available regulatory capital and aligning the investment strategy to the current level of market volatility and uncertainty. Euronext Clearing disposed of its portfolio maturing after 1st May 2023 and retained its short-term portfolio maturing through April 2023 and hold these to maturity. At the beginning of Q2 2023  Euronext Clearing will no longer hold an outright portfolio. Please refer to https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/financial-calendar/q2-2022-results for more details.21 The migrations of listed financial derivatives and commodities markets are subject to the declaration of non-objection of the relevant regulatorsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.24,0.31,True,English,"['full year 2022 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'diversified Euronext Securities business model', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'cash trading market share', 'diversified business model', 'tougher market conditions', 'cash trading volumes', 'volume related business', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'parent company shareholders', 'one-off post-tax loss', 'strong cash generation', 'real-time data businesses', 'continued cost disciplin', '83 new equity listings', 'strong inflationary pressure', 'Income tax rate', 'volume related revenue', 'efficient cost control', 'Net financing expenses', 'Euronext Clearing portfolio', 'underlying operating expenses', 'higher share count', 'Net treasury income', 'full year 2022 results', 'power trading', 'leading venue', 'Trading revenue', 'cost discipline', 'pre-tax loss', '2022 cost guidance', 'operational expenses', 'underlying revenue', 'efficient management', 'strong performance', 'equity investments', 'Clearing revenue', 'Net debt', 'net income', 'Strong results', '2024 synergies target', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A', 'softer environment', 'second semester', 'settlement activity', 'product mix', 'debt listing', 'Key figures', 'two periods', 'Dividend proposal', 'pay-out ratio', 'revenue capture', 'Post-trade revenue', 'Settlement revenue', 'Listing revenue', 'l5 % var', 'partial disposal', 'EBITDA margin', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'Q4', '9 February', 'non', 'FX', 'yield', 'uptick', 'October', 'Custody', 'consolidation', '29 April', 'Q3', 'resilience', 'Adjus', 'EPS', 'closing', 'acquisition', 'income1', '28 July', '70', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Euronext-delays-commodities-report-in-wake-of-ION-cyber-attack--42938652/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Euronext delays commodities report in wake of ION cyber attack,(marketscreener.com) LONDON/PARIS -Exchange operator Euronext has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption caused by a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group continued.https://www…,"Euronext   whose wheat futures are a price benchmark for the European grain sector  said a problem with a third-party software provider that occurred on Jan. 31 had prevented some market participants from reporting daily positions for Feb. 3.It did not name the provider  but Jan. 31 matches the date when ION reported a cyber attack at ION Markets UK's cleared derivatives division.The attack  for which hacking group Lockbit claimed responsibility  affected ION customers including brokerages  hedge funds and some of the world's biggest banks.The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission  a regulator  last week delayed publication of its Commitments of Traders (COT) report.Euronext  which usually issues its COT report on Wednesdays for positions held the previous week  initially announced on Wednesday that its latest publication would be delayed until Feb. 10 at the latest as a small number of participants could not submit positions.An updated message on its website on Thursday said the report was postponed ""until further notice"".There were signs that wider disruption was easing on Thursday  as ION tried get its clients back up and running.A separate person with knowledge of the matter at another institution said ION had told clients it had restored connectivity at its clearing system XTP  meaning ION users could start to clear internal business backlogs.ION said on Tuesday that it had started to get some clients back online  and a spokesperson said that work was progressing on Thursday.Among those likely to have been affected by the ION attack were Dutch bank ABN Amro's clearing unit and Intesa Sanpaolo  Italy's largest bank by assets  according to messages to clients seen by Reuters last week.""With regard to the ION Group cyber incident  we promptly adopted measures to avoid fully suspending activities related to the Exchange-Traded Derivatives segment. Most operations have now been restored. We also immediately carried out security checks to protect our clients and ensure that our own systems were free of contagion "" an Intesa Sanpaolo spokesperson said.Some base metal traders reported experiencing delays in matching deals transacted on the London Metal Exchange.Lockbit said last week that a ransom had been paid  although it declined to say how much it was or offer evidence the money had been handed over. ION declined to comment on whether it had met the demands.(Reporting by Harry Robertson and Gus Trompiz; additional reporting by Amanda Cooper and Sybille de La Hamaide; editing by Forrest Crellin  Barbara Lewis and Paul Simao)By Harry Robertson and Gus Trompiz",negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['commodities report', 'cyber attack', 'Euronext', 'wake', 'The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission', 'Sybille de La Hamaide', 'Dutch bank ABN Amro', 'European grain sector', 'internal business backlogs', 'London Metal Exchange', 'clearing system XTP', 'Exchange-Traded Derivatives segment', 'third-party software provider', 'Group cyber incident', 'base metal traders', 'Intesa Sanpaolo spokesperson', 'wheat futures', 'largest bank', 'derivatives division', 'hacking group', 'clearing unit', 'price benchmark', 'Markets UK', 'hedge funds', 'biggest banks', 'previous week', 'small number', 'wider disruption', 'separate person', 'Most operations', 'security checks', 'matching deals', 'Harry Robertson', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Forrest Crellin', 'Barbara Lewis', 'Paul Simao', 'cyber attack', 'COT) report', 'COT report', 'market participants', 'latest publication', 'additional reporting', 'daily positions', 'Euronext', 'problem', 'Jan.', 'Feb.', 'date', 'Lockbit', 'responsibility', 'customers', 'brokerages', 'world', 'regulator', 'Commitments', 'Wednesdays', 'message', 'website', 'Thursday', 'notice', 'signs', 'clients', 'knowledge', 'matter', 'institution', 'connectivity', 'users', 'Tuesday', 'work', 'Italy', 'assets', 'Reuters', 'regard', 'measures', 'activities', 'systems', 'contagion', 'delays', 'ransom', 'evidence', 'money', 'demands']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Euronext-has-no-plans-to-copy-rivals-with-cloud-computing-deal--42945925/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal,(marketscreener.com) Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Euronext-has-n…,"London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google.""One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of data centres of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious "" Boujnah told Reuters on Thursday.Euronext only uses a cloud provider for storing historical data  he said.""When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the data centres of companies which have decision-making centres outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU "" Boujnah added.Euronext said earlier on Thursday it has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption from a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group outside the bloc continued.""We analyse very carefully the dependency on certain providers "" Boujnah said as Euronext reported full year earnings.Earlier this week  the Bank for International Settlements said a ""rethink"" is needed on regulating how finance is becoming increasingly dependent on outside parties like cloud firms  which new EU rules will address.Euronext reported record full-year 2022 revenue and income of 1.418 billion euros ($1.52 billion)  up 9.3% on 2021 due to consolidating its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Adjusted earnings per share in 2022 was down 4.8% at 5.21 euros due to higher share count  and the company proposes to pay a dividend of 2.22 euros per share.Euronext said it has increased its 2024 annual pre-tax savings related to integrating Borsa Italiana by 15 million euros to 115 million  with around 70 million of this achieved by the end of 2023 as implementation costs remain unchanged.The savings are nearly double what was promised at the deal's outset.""This further demonstrates Euronext's successful track record in integrating acquired companies "" Boujnah said.($1 = 0.9307 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Alexander Smith)By Huw Jones",neutral,0.03,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.46,0.04,0.5,True,English,"['cloud computing deal', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'rivals', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'record full-year 2022 revenue', 'successful track record', 'cloud computing giants', 'financial data firm', 'full year earnings', '2024 annual pre-tax savings', 'new EU rules', 'higher share count', 'cloud provider', 'cloud firms', 'data centres', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'strategic partnership', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centres', 'physical infrastructure', 'weekly report', 'commodity derivatives', 'ransomware attack', 'International Settlements', 'outside parties', 'Borsa Italiana', 'implementation costs', 'Huw Jones', 'Alexander Smith', '1.418 billion euros', '15 million euros', '5.21 euros', '2.22 euros', '0.9307 euros', 'CME', 'Nasdaq', 'partnerships', 'Alphabet', 'Amazon', 'Microsoft', 'Thursday', 'Google', 'reasons', 'use', 'regulators', 'Boujnah', 'Reuters', 'Euronext', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'positions', 'disruption', 'bloc', 'dependency', 'providers', 'Bank', 'rethink', 'finance', 'income', 'acquisition', 'company', 'deal', 'outset', 'Editing', '2021']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604609/0/en/FLOW-TRADERS-Q422-RESULTS.html,FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS,FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q422 results.   Highlights   Flow......,FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTSAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited Q422 results.HighlightsFlow Traders recorded Normalized total income of €113.9m in Q422 comprising Normalized NTI of €115.6m reflecting a continued active trading environment and Normalized other income of €(1.7)m with revisions to the valuations of certain investments. FY22 Normalized total income was €460.6m vs €387.1m in FY21Flow Traders Value Traded was broadly flat quarter-on-quarter as was the overall ETP market. Strong increases in equity and fixed income value traded further demonstrated the growing resilience and trading diversification of the businessNormalized operating expenses of €65.7m incurred in Q422 contributing to FY22 Normalized operating expenses of €252.4m. 19% year-on-year increase in fixed operating expenses when adjusted for effect of USD strengthening and targeted base compensation increases660 FTEs as at 31 December 2022 compared to 639 as at 30 September 2022Normalized EBITDA in Q422 reached €48.2m representing a margin of 42% contributing to FY22 Normalized EBITDA of €208.2m with a margin of 45%Q422 Normalized net profit amounted to €33.6m with Normalized basic EPS of €0.78. FY22 Normalized net profit amounted to €150.2m with Normalized basic EPS of €3.45Regulatory Own Funds Requirement (OFR) as at 31 December 2022 was €274m  resulting in excess capital of €264m as at 31 December 2022. Following the completion of the corporate holding structure update on 13 January 2022  group consolidated regulatory capital is no longer applicable going forward. Trading capital stood at €651m at the end of the fourth quarter  generating a 71% return on trading capitalFlow Traders proposes a final FY22 dividend of €0.80  implying a total dividend of €1.50 for FY22 and a 51% dividend payout ratioFinancial Overview€million Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Normalized total income 113.9 112.2 2% 460.6 387.1 19% Normalized net trading income 115.6 111.7 3% 459.5 384.0 20% EMEA 66.2 87.4 (24%) 312.5 245.8 27% Americas 37.1 14.4 157% 91.7 74.4 23% APAC 12.3 9.9 25% 55.2 63.8 (13%) Normalized other income (1.7) 0.4 - 1.1 3.1 (63%) Normalized employee expenses1 41.4 40.1 3% 164.0 140.3 17% Technology expenses 16.4 16.1 2% 61.2 49.7 23% Other expenses2 7.9 7.1 11% 27.3 18.7 46% Normalized operating expenses 65.7 63.3 4% 252.4 208.6 21% Normalized EBITDA1 48.2 48.8 (1%) 208.2 178.5 17% Depreciation / amortisation 4.7 4.4 - 16.8 15.3 - Write off of (in) tangible assets - - - 0.2 - - Normalized profit before tax 43.5 44.5 (2%) 191.2 163.2 17% Normalized tax 10.0 9.9 - 41.0 32.3 - Normalized net profit 33.6 34.5 (3%) 150.2 130.9 15% Normalized basic EPS3 (€) 0.78 0.79 3.45 3.00 Normalized EBITDA margin 42% 44% 45% 46%Value Traded Overview€billion Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Flow Traders ETP Value Traded 396 409 (3%) 1 775 1 541 15% Europe 179 178 1% 787 703 12% Americas 195 212 (8%) 892 741 21% Asia 22 20 13% 96 97 (1%) Flow Traders non-ETP Value Traded 1 209 1 182 2% 4 989 4 209 19% Flow Traders Value Traded4 1 605 1 591 1% 6 765 5 750 18% Equity 780 714 9% 3 349 3 121 7% Fixed income 363 344 5% 1 323 1 036 28% Currency  Crypto  Commodity 451 495 (9%) 1 940 1 422 36% Other 11 37 (71%) 152 171 (11%) Market ETP Value Traded5 11 640 11 410 2% 51 811 36 835 41% Europe 506 532 (5%) 2 371 2 035 17% Americas 9 871 9 638 1% 44 675 31 056 44% Asia 1 353 1 240 9% 4 764 3 744 27% Asia ex China 403 395 2% 1 591 1 377 16%Regional HighlightsEUROPE:Robust trading performance in the region with meaningful contributions from all asset classes. Flow Traders maintained its position as the leading liquidity provider in ETPs  both on- and off-exchangeFlow Traders was again the lead sponsor at the Fixed Income Leadership Summit which took place in Nice in October as the fixed income and corporate credit trading business continues to increase its presence across the market. Retained Top 5 Bloomberg dealer rankings for executed tickets and volume in Flow Traders’ Euro IG universeAs a regulated and listed firm  Flow Traders is well-positioned in the digital assets space  utilizing proprietary trading infrastructure and diversified liquidity provision to continually support partners and the ecosystem through on- and off-exchange trading  accurate pricing  strategic investments  and centralized and on-chain market making. Regarding FTX  Flow Traders has an immaterial exposure and continues to manage risk effectively. Moreover  Flow Traders is supporting the Binance recovery fund which will provide liquidity to distressed crypto assets and is a key step ensuring greater stability in the broader crypto ecosystemAMERICAS:Fixed income trading contributed to a strong trading performance in Q4 in the Americas effectively leveraging recent investments amidst ongoing interest rate volatility. Further build-out of the fixed income business with continued improvement in various RfQ platform rankings in Q4Continued focus on international equity pricing capabilities  including ADR trading. Flow Traders has also opened a new office in Chicago on 1 February 2023 to further benefit from the city’s unique talent pool and academic diversityCreating closer proximity to the many innovative players in the US digital assets space to ensure Flow Traders remains well positioned to be part of this defining moment in the future of finance and technologyASIA:Continuing to build out activities in China  following receipt of Flow Traders' QFII license and the opening of the Shanghai office  with the purpose of helping to develop the local ETF market in making domestic and international indices efficiently available to investorsFlow Traders has started to leverage the US and European fixed income business with coverage in Asian trading hours for global coverage of both index products and selected single bondsActed as market maker in the CSOP Bitcoin Futures ETF (3066) which is HKEX’s first virtual asset ETF and reflects Flow Traders’ ongoing support for crypto and digital asset ETPs globallyFlow Traders CapitalFlow Traders Capital team has found that recent developments across the digital assets market have led to a number of strategic investment opportunities arising at more attractive entry valuations. Interest in strategically partnering with Flow Traders remains high and whilst new investment activity has reduced  focus has intensified on strategic planning with existing portfolio companies. The pipeline for new investment in both digital assets and traditional finance ecosystems remains strongTo date  Flow Traders Capital has made a total of 23 investments to date representing a total value of €25.3m - this reflects minor adjustments to the portfolio in Q4 through a robust valuation processShare Buyback ProgramAs of 8 February 2023  the total number of shares purchased under the ongoing €40m share buyback program is 1 159 791 shares at an average price of €21.33 for a total consideration of €24.7m. The purpose of the current buyback program is to return excess capital to shareholders. The intention is that shares repurchased as part of this program will initially be held in treasury and may be cancelled going forward3 513 011 shares are held in treasury as at 8 February 2023 with 1 490 365 treasury shares repurchased for the purpose of satisfying the requirements of various employee incentive plans and 2 022 646 shares repurchased for the purpose of returning excess capital to shareholdersCorporate Structure and LeadershipOn 13 January 2023  Flow Traders completed the update to its corporate holding structure. This followed receipt of shareholder approval at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 2 December 2022 and fulfilment of all regulatory and other customary closing conditions. As a result of the update  the top holding company is now Flow Traders Ltd  an exempted company limited by shares under the law of Bermuda with the listing on Euronext Amsterdam retained. The update of the corporate holding structure enables Flow Traders to become more competitive as a global liquidity provider  particularly in relation to regulatory capital management. Different capital requirements will apply following the update of the holding structure which are expected to expand Flow Traders' strategic growth options. Furthermore  it will create a more level playing field with global peers with respect to the regulatory capital framework. Flow Traders' regulated entities will continue to be subject to supervision by their respective regulatorsMike Kuehnel assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of Flow Traders Ltd. on 1 February 2023. Dennis Dijkstra’s intention not to seek reappointment and the CEO succession plan was announced on 18 November 2022OutlookWhile Flow Traders remains committed to bringing onboard additional talent in growth business areas  FTEs are expected to remain broadly flat during 2023 given expected efficiency gains. There is a strong commitment to maintain the fixed operating cost base in line with the December 2022 run-rate. Accordingly  normalized fixed operating expenses in 2023 are expected to amount to c. €175m - €185m compared to €161.6m in 2022Substantial progress has been made in the detailed and thorough review of Flow Traders' capital structure as announced at the time of the previous trading update and Flow Traders will remain focused on all arising opportunities to create shareholder value through systematic capital management going forwardManagement CommentsMike Kuehnel  CEO  stated:“In 2022 as a whole  we made considerable progress delivering on our strategic growth ambitions which has seen an even more resilient and diverse business emerge. It is encouraging to see a structural return on our recent investments in the business. Indeed  2022 saw record value traded versus last year across our three asset class pillars and we continue to grow our institutional counterparty base which now stands at more than 2 200. The successful completion of the update to our corporate holding structure means that we now have even greater trading flexibility and have laid the groundwork to undertake any potential inorganic growth activity.“Operating expense growth moderated in the fourth quarter and 2023 will see a continued focus on increasing the underlying efficiency of the business as we seek to further leverage the investments made in prior years. We also maintained our conservative capital position while implementing this growth strategy. Remaining cognisant of our trading capital position as well as the growth opportunities ahead  we have elected to pay a €0.80 per share final dividend to shareholders.“Despite increasing competition for talent in the market  we have been successful in attracting and recruiting the best talent and have welcomed many new colleagues in the past year. Lastly  on behalf of the entire Board and ExCo  I would like to take the opportunity to pay tribute to the professionalism  resilience  and loyalty of all our colleagues globally this past year. We are immensely grateful to our colleagues for their tremendous hard work which allowed for our considerable operational and strategic achievements and successes in 2022.”Folkert Joling  Chief Trading Officer  added:“Heightened levels of market activity delivered a strong trading performance in the fourth quarter with all regions contributing meaningfully. We have continued to expand and broaden our trading activities even further across different products and asset classes and this is reflected in the results achieved throughout 2022. Our robust and prudent approach to risk management meant that we were immaterially affected by the collapse of FTX in November and our status as a listed  transparent  seasoned market participant improved our overall standing with investors and other market participants. As to be expected  we reduced our overall trading capital exposure to the various crypto platforms we trade with  fully recognising the increased risks present in the broader crypto market. This trading capital was naturally deployed to other areas of the business. We retain our conviction around the long-term potential of crypto and DeFi from both a trading as well as a technological and financial markets innovation perspective.“Looking ahead for 2023  we remain focused on executing our growth plans with respect to our business lines of Equity  Fixed Income and Crypto  Currencies and Commodities. Our achievements in 2022 have reinforced our confidence in our ability to deliver further growth going forward.”Preliminary Financial Calendar24 February 2023 Release 2022 Annual Report31 March 2023 Start Silent Period ahead of Q123 trading update21 April 2023 Release Q123 trading update (no analyst conference call)26 April 2023 AGM28 April 2023 FY22 final dividend proposed ex-dividend date2 May 2023 FY22 final dividend proposed record date4 May 2023 FY22 final dividend proposed payment date30 June 2023 Start silent period ahead of H123 results21 July 2023 Release H123 results (inc. analyst conference call)Analyst Conference Call and WebcastThe Q422 results analyst conference call will be held at 10:00 am CET on Thursday 9 February 2023. The presentation can be downloaded at www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centre and the conference call can be followed via a listen-only audio webcast. A replay of the conference call will be available on the company website for at least 90 days.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsJonathan BergerPhone: +31 20 7996149Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996125Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Normalized PerformanceFlow Traders makes certain adjustments to various IFRS expense and profit measures in order to derive Alternative Performance Measures (APM). The policy is to exclude or adjust items that are considered to be significant in both nature or size and where the treatment as an adjusted item provides stakeholders with useful information to assess the year-on-year or quarter-on-quarter underlying performance. On this basis  the following items were adjusted or excluded for the Q422 results: Removal of IFRS 2 treatment of share-based payments which include the deferral of a portion of the current year share plans as well as recognition of prior years’ share plans. This adjustment provides insights into the relationship between the current year variable employee expenses and current year trading performance Other income line includes all the realized and unrealized results on Flow Traders’ long-term equity investments whether accounted for as Fair Value Other Comprehensive Income (FV OCI)  Fair Value Profit and Loss (FVPL) or Results of Equity Accounted Investments Exclusion of one-off expenses which relate specifically to the completed corporate holding structure update. These are not considered to be part of the underlying operating expenses of the business Tax expenses are adjusted based upon the pre-tax adjustments and/or excluded items aboveNormalized to IFRS Reconciliation€million Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Total income 115.5 111.7 3% 458.7 384.0 19% Net trading income 115.7 111.8 4% 460.2 384.0 20% Other income (0.2) (0.1) - (1.5) - - Employee expenses1 46.6 39.9 17% 176.8 156.2 13% Technology expenses 16.4 16.1 2% 61.2 49.7 23% Other expenses 7.9 7.1 11% 27.3 18.7 46% One off expenses 1.5 0.8 94% 14.1 - - Total operating expenses 72.4 63.9 13% 279.3 224.6 24% EBITDA 43.2 47.8 (10%) 179.3 159.4 12% Profit before tax 38.0 43.4 (12%) 161.7 144.7 12% Net profit 29.5 33.8 (13%) 126.8 114.9 10% Basic EPS3 (€) 0.68 0.78 2.92 2.63 Fully diluted EPS6 (€) 0.65 0.75 2.76 2.52 EBITDA margin 37% 43% 39% 42%Normalized EBITDA and margin are based on the relevant profit share percentage of operating result for the relevant financial period without any IFRS 2 adjustments for share-based payments. The profit share percentage was adjusted to 32.5% in Q222 from 35%. €1.5m of one-off expenses is also excludedTax based on estimated expected effective tax rate for the relevant financial period: Q422 - 22.9%; Q322 - 22.3%; FY22 - 21.4%; FY21 - 19.8%A summary reconciliation of Normalized to IFRS is presented below:€million Q422 Q322 FY22 FY21Normalized EBITDA 48.2 48.8 208.2 178.5 FV OCI adjustment 1.2 (0.5) (2.6) (2.5) Results of equity-accounted investments 0.4 - 0.6 (0.6) One off expenses (1.5) (0.8) (14.1) - Prior year share plans (7.0) (4.2) (25.4) (27.3) Current year share plan deferral 1.9 4.4 12.5 11.3 Other variable remuneration adjustment - - - - IFRS EBITDA 43.2 47.8 179.3 159.4Normalized net profit 33.6 34.5 150.2 130.9 Profit before tax IFRS adjustments (5.5) (1.1) (29.5) (18.4) Tax difference 1.4 0.4 6.1 2.5 IFRS net profit 29.5 33.8 126.8 114.9NotesFixed employee expenses: Q422 - €19.9m; Q322 - €19.0m; FY22 - €73.2m; FY21 - €53.7m FY21 other expenses includes €2.4m of business continuity plan-related expenses previously classified as one-off expenses Weighted average shares outstanding: Q422 - 43 050 126; Q322 - 43 615 044; FY22 - 43 476 990; FY21 - 43 699 300. 42 834 628 shares outstanding as at 31 December 2022 Value traded comprises ETPs  Futures and Cash Source - Flow Traders analysis Determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive share-based payments to employeesImportant Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.76,0.13,0.12,True,English,"['FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS', 'Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change Flow Traders', 'Q422 Q322 Change FY22 FY21 Change', 'Flow Traders’ Euro IG universe', 'Regulatory Own Funds Requirement', 'corporate holding structure update', 'Top 5 Bloomberg dealer rankings', 'ongoing interest rate volatility', 'various RfQ platform rankings', 'group consolidated regulatory capital', 'continued active trading environment', 'corporate credit trading business', 'Fixed Income Leadership Summit', 'international equity pricing capabilities', 'FLOW TRADERS Q422 RESULTS', 'unaudited Q422 results', 'Binance recovery fund', 'Robust trading performance', 'proprietary trading infrastructure', '51% dividend payout ratio', 'final FY22 dividend', 'base compensation increases', 'chain market making', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'leading liquidity provider', 'digital assets space', 'diversified liquidity provision', 'strong trading performance', 'Value Traded Overview', 'Fixed income trading', 'FY22 Normalized EBITDA', 'fixed income business', 'overall ETP market', 'net trading income', 'Market ETP Value', 'fixed operating expenses', 'broader crypto ecosystem', 'Trading capital', 'Strong increases', 'accurate pricing', 'continued improvement', 'trading diversification', 'ADR trading', 'total dividend', 'excess capital', 'Financial Overview', 'total income', 'tangible assets', 'crypto assets', 'exchange trading', 'Technology expenses', 'other income', 'growing resilience', 'year increase', 'net profit', 'basic EPS', 'employee expenses1', 'meaningful contributions', 'asset classes', 'lead sponsor', 'listed firm', 'immaterial exposure', 'key step', 'greater stability', 'Other expenses2', 'strategic investments', 'recent investments', 'fourth quarter', 'Regional Highlights', 'EBITDA margin', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'revisions', 'effect', 'USD', '660 FTEs', '31 December', '30 September', 'OFR', 'completion', '13 January', '71% return', 'EMEA', 'Americas', 'APAC', 'EBITDA1', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'tax', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Currency', 'Commodity', 'China', 'position', 'ETPs', 'place', 'Nice', 'October', 'presence', 'tickets', 'volume', 'regulated', 'partners', 'FTX', 'risk', 'build', 'focus']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000386.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 08 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2467 £ 23.9996 Estimated MTD return -0.13 % -0.11 % Estimated YTD return -1.88 % -1.75 % Estimated ITD return 172.47 % 140.00 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.26 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.83 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.8474 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.0514The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '0.00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000244.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 08 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2467 £ 23.9996 Estimated MTD return -0.13 % -0.11 % Estimated YTD return -1.88 % -1.75 % Estimated ITD return 172.47 % 140.00 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.26 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.83 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.8474 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.0514The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '0.00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/excellent-2022-performance-challenging-environment-170000429.html,Excellent 2022 performance in a challenging environment 21% growth to €130.8m  of which 10% organic Confirmed pricing power: strong ability to pass on the increase in agricultural raw materials prices,PRESS RELEASE Loudéac  09 February 2023 Excellent 2022 performance in a challenging environment 21% growth to €130.8m  of which 10% organic Confirmed pricing...,"PRESS RELEASELoudéac  09 February 2023Excellent 2022 performance in a challenging environment21% growth to €130.8m  of which 10% organicConfirmed pricing power: strong ability to pass on the increase in agricultural raw materials pricesWINFARM (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF)  the number-one French distance seller for the farming industry  today reported its revenue for financial year 2022  up 21% from 2021. WINFARM posted robust growth of 28% in fourth-quarter 2022  reflecting continued strong growth momentum.Q4 Full year in €m  unaudited 2021 2022 Chg. Chg. organic 1 2021 2022 Chg. Chg. organic1 Farming supplies 25.1 31.7 +26% +10% 96.7 116.8 +21% +9% Farming nutrition 2.3 3.2 +42% +42% 9.8 12.2 +25% +25% Other2 0.4 0.5 +39% +31% 1.5 1.8 +21% +14% TOTAL 27.8 35.4 +28% +21% 108.1 130.8 +21% +10%Patrice Etienne  Chairman-Chief Executive Officer and founder of WINFARM  said: “We are very proud of the work accomplished in 2022. The increase in agricultural raw materials prices and widespread inflation weighed on the overall environment but without affecting our growth. Thanks to the depth of our ranges and the quality of our services  we have remained a benchmark for our customers  to whom we have offered competitiveness and secure supply. We were able to pass on the price increase by effectively managing our inventories. In terms of external growth  after BTN in Haas in 2021  we acquired Kabelis in 2022 to become a leader in the landscaping market in France and Europe. Despite all the challenges posed in 2022  we maintained our sales momentum  driven by the constant desire to safeguard our profitability. We are ready to take on new challenges in 2023 and continue to grow.”Continued acceleration in Q4 2022: +28% (+21% organic) to €35.4mQ4 2022 sales totalled €35.4m  up a substantial 28% year on year. The Group achieved double-digit organic growth (+21%).For full-year 2022  consolidated revenue amounted to €130.8m  up 21%  including the Kabelis Group companies acquired in July 2022. The Group’s consolidated revenue increased 10% on a like-for-like basis.Story continuesThe Farming Supplies business (89% of annual revenue)  whose products are marketed under the Vital Concept brand  generated revenue of €116.8m in 2022  up 21% compared with 2021 (+10% organic). In 2022  WINFARM proactively succeeded in passing on the substantial price fluctuations of its products while responding to customer demand against a backdrop of shortages. Underpinned by keen anticipation and agility  this robust management enabled the Group to continue winning new business throughout 2022.Revenue from the Agronutrition business (10% of annual revenue)  marketed under the Alphatech brand  came out at €12.2m  up sharply (+25% like-for-like and organic). The performance was driven by the Group’s aggressive sales policy  particularly in exports.2023: initial easing in pricesWINFARM expects prices to gradually return to a more normal level in 2023. By building up inventories consistent with its reasonable purchasing policy  the Group will be able to maintain its competitive edge with customers and reinforce its standing as a key player in the upstream agricultural sector in Europe.In the longer term  the Group is confirming its revenue target for 2025 of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of around 6.5%. It expects to achieve half of this acceleration in growth through organic growth and half through external growth.About WINFARMFounded in Loudéac  in the heart of Brittany  in the early 1990s  WINFARM is now the French leader in distance selling for the agricultural world. WINFARM offers farmers and breeders comprehensive  unique and integrated solutions to help them meet the new technological  economic  environmental and social challenges of the next generation of agriculture. With a vast catalogue of 15 000 product references (seeds  phytosanitary and harvesting products  etc.)  two-thirds of which are own brands  WINFARM has nearly 50 000 customers in France and Belgium.WINFARM generated revenue of €131m in 2022. By 2025  WINFARM aims to achieve revenue of around €200m and an EBITDA margin of about 6.5%.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR0014000P11 - ticker: ALWF) - Eligible for PEA PME equity savings plans - Certified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company: www.winfarm-group.comContacts:WINFARMinvestisseurs@winfarm-group.com ACTIFIN  Financial CommunicationsBenjamin Lehari+33 (0)1 56 88 11 11winfarm@actifin.frACTIFIN  Financial Press RelationsLoris Daougabel+33 (0)1 56 88 11 16ldaougabel@actifin.fr1 Like-for-like basis: excluding the consolidation of Kabelis group companies in 2022 revenue2 Revenue from farming advisory services (under the Agritech brand) and experimental farm activities (under the Bel Orient brand)Attachment",neutral,0.41,0.59,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.12,0.25,True,English,"['10% organic Confirmed pricing power', 'agricultural raw materials prices', 'Excellent 2022 performance', 'challenging environment', 'strong ability', '21% growth', 'increase', 'PEA PME equity savings plans', 'new technological, economic, environmental', 'agricultural raw materials prices', 'number-one French distance seller', 'Chg. organic1 Farming supplies', 'The Farming Supplies business', 'upstream agricultural sector', 'Chairman-Chief Executive Officer', 'reasonable purchasing policy', 'experimental farm activities', 'Vital Concept brand', 'Bel Orient brand', 'aggressive sales policy', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'farming advisory services', 'Financial Press Relations', 'double-digit organic growth', 'substantial price fluctuations', 'strong growth momentum', 'Kabelis Group companies', 'Q4 Full year', 'new business', 'agricultural world', 'farming industry', 'Farming nutrition', 'sales momentum', 'Agronutrition business', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'strong ability', 'Alphatech brand', 'French leader', 'Agritech brand', 'Q4 2022 sales', 'Financial Communications', 'new challenges', 'The Group', 'financial year', 'Loudéac', 'challenging environment', 'pricing power', 'robust growth', 'Patrice Etienne', 'widespread inflation', 'overall environment', 'secure supply', 'external growth', 'landscaping market', 'constant desire', 'customer demand', 'keen anticipation', 'robust management', 'initial easing', 'normal level', 'competitive edge', 'key player', 'longer term', 'EBITDA margin', 'early 1990s', 'comprehensive, unique', 'integrated solutions', 'next generation', 'vast catalogue', '15,000 product references', 'Benjamin Lehari', 'Loris Daougabel', 'price increase', 'social challenges', 'Excellent 2022 performance', 'consolidated revenue', 'annual revenue', 'revenue target', 'harvesting products', 'Innovative Company', '21% growth', 'substantial 28', '2022 revenue', '09 February', 'WINFARM', 'ticker', 'ALWF', 'fourth-quarter', 'continued', 'TOTAL', 'founder', 'work', 'depth', 'ranges', 'quality', 'benchmark', 'customers', 'competitiveness', 'inventories', 'terms', 'BTN', 'Haas', 'France', 'Europe', 'profitability', 'acceleration', 'full-year 2022', 'July', 'basis', 'Story', 'backdrop', 'shortages', 'agility', 'exports', 'standing', 'half', 'heart', 'Brittany', 'farmers', 'breeders', 'agriculture', 'seeds', 'phytosanitary', 'two-thirds', 'brands', 'Belgium', 'information', 'Contacts', 'ACTIFIN', 'consolidation', 'Attachment', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18133,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-invitation-to-presentation-of-fourth-quarter-and-second-half-2022-results-thursday-16-february-301742895.html,Lytix Biopharma: Invitation to presentation of fourth quarter and second half 2022 results  Thursday 16 February,"OSLO  Norway  Feb. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  will release its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results on Thursday  16 February 2023 at 8am CEST. The results wil…","OSLO  Norway  Feb. 9  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company  will release its fourth quarter and second half 2022 results on Thursday  16 February 2023 at 8am CEST. The results will be presented in a webcast with CEO Øystein Rekdal  CDO Graeme Currie and CFO Gjest Breistein at 2:30pm CEST.We encourage you to send us questions in advance  to be addressed during the Q&A session. Please send your email to [email protected].The presentation and subsequent Q&A session will be held in English and may be viewed live by registering here: https://forms.office.com/e/q06xRZSrBVA recording of the presentation will be made available on https://www.lytixbiopharma.com/investors/overview.html after the presentationFor more information  please contact:Gjest Breistein CFO[email protected]Ole Peter Nordby Head of IR & Communication Manager[email protected]SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Lytix Biopharma', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', 'Invitation', 'presentation', '2022 results', 'Thursday', 'February', 'subsequent Q&A session', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'Norwegian immuno-oncology company', 'CEO Øystein Rekdal', 'CDO Graeme Currie', 'Ole Peter Nordby', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'CFO Gjest Breistein', 'fourth quarter', 'second half', '8am CEST', 'Communication Manager', 'Norway', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', '2022 results', 'Thursday', 'February', 'webcast', '2:30pm', 'questions', 'advance', 'email', 'presentation', 'English', 'recording', 'lytixbiopharma', 'investors', 'information', 'Head']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,prnewswire.com
18134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604921/0/en/Quadient-2023-Financial-Calendar.html,Quadient: 2023 Financial Calendar,2023 FINANCIAL CALENDAR  Paris  9 February 2023  Full-year results and Q4 2022 sales: 27 March 2023*  Quiet period: from 13 to 27 March 2023  Q1 2023......,English French2023 FINANCIAL CALENDARParis  9 February 2023Full-year results and Q4 20 22 sales: 27 March 2023*Quiet period: from 13 to 27 March 2023Q1 2023 sales: 31 May 2023*Quiet period: from 17 May to 31 May 2023General Meeting of shareholders: 16 June 2023Half-year results and Q2 2023 sales: 20 September 2023*Quiet period: from 6 to 20 September 2023Q3 2023 sales: 29 November 2023*Quiet period: from 15 November to 29 November 2023* Publication after the closing of the Premier Marché of Euronext ParisAbout Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail‐Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit quadient.com/connections.For more information  please contact:Catherine Hubert-Dorel  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 30 56c.hubert-dorel@quadient.comfinancial-communication@quadient.com Caroline Baude  Quadient+33 (0)1 45 36 31 82c.baude@quadient.comOr visit our website: https://invest.quadient.com/Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2023 Financial Calendar', 'Quadient', 'three key solution areas', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'Mail‐Related Solutions', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'English French', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Full-year results', 'Q4 20 22 sales', 'Quiet period', 'Q1 2023 sales', 'General Meeting', 'Half-year results', 'Q2 2023 sales', 'Q3 2023 sales', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid 60', 'Euronext Paris', 'Catherine Hubert-Dorel', 'Caroline Baude', 'Premier Marché', '27 March', '9 February', '31 May', '17 May', 'shareholders', '16 June', '20 September', '15 November', '29 November', 'Publication', 'closing', 'Quadient®', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'QDT', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '13']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605334/0/en/Monthly-information-related-to-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital-_January-31-2023.html,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _January 31  2023,Monthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _January 31  2023.  Article 223-16...,English FrenchMonthly information related to total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital _January 31  2023.Article 223-16 of general regulation of French Autorité des Marchés FinanciersLyon – FranceListing markets:Euronext Paris from Euronext (Market segment C - ISIN Code: FR0011471135- Symbol: ERYP) &Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United-States (Symbol : ERYP)Website : www.erytech.comDate Total of shares composing the share capital Total of brut (1) voting rightsTotal of net (2) voting rightsNovember 30  2022 31 018 553 32 514 528 32 512 028 December 31  2022 31 018 553 32 514 825 32 512 325 January 31  2023 31 018 553 32 514 77132 512 271(1) Gross voting rights number (or « theoretical » voting rights) is used as a basis for calculating the crossing of the threshold. In accordance with article 223-11 of general regulation of Autorité des Marchés Financiers  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares carrying the single and double voting rights  including shares without voting rights.(2) Without treasury shares.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Gross voting rights number', 'Market segment C', 'theoretical » voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'share capital Total', 'English French', 'total number', 'general regulation', 'Listing markets', 'ISIN Code', 'Date Total', 'Euronext Paris', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'Article', 'Lyon', 'France', 'Symbol', 'ERYP', 'United-States', 'Website', 'brut', 'net', 'November', 'December', 'basis', 'crossing', 'threshold', 'accordance', 'single', 'Attachment']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALGOWATT-S-P-A-3822461/news/AlgoWatt-S-p-A-Three-year-agreement-signed-with-Whitenergy-for-the-development-of-renewable-energy-42936759/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,AlgoWatt S p A : Three-year agreement signed with Whitenergy for the development of renewable energy plants  agri-voltaics and energy efficiency measures,(marketscreener.com)    Within the stewardship algoWatt will act as digital technology provider  Whitenergy as efficiency solutions provider and TerniEnergia Progetti as EPC and O&M supplier  also for utility scale projects    algoWatt  GreenTech Compa…,"Within the stewardship algoWatt will act as digital technology provider  Whitenergy as efficiency solutions provider and TerniEnergia Progetti as EPC and O&M supplier  also for utility scale projectsalgoWatt  GreenTech Company listed on the Euronext Milan market of Borsa Italiana  its subsidiary TerniEnergia Progetti  system integrator and O& M provider in the renewable energy sector  and Whitenergy  Efficiency Solutions Provider  have today signed a strategic partnership  with a stewardship formula*  for the development and implementation of multiple projects in the renewable energy sector.M provider in the renewable energy sector  and Whitenergy  Efficiency Solutions Provider  have today signed a strategic partnership  with the formula of stewardship*  for the development and implementation of multiple projects in the field of energy production from renewable sources  towards industrial and agro-industrial customers  energy efficiency  also through the promotion of Energy Performance Contract offers  and projects of self-production  self-consumption and reduction of consumption  including the organisation of Renewable Energy Communities (CERs). Gianluigi Mele  Founder and CEO of Whitenergy  pointed out that ""the partnershiprepresents a significant step towards creating a more sustainable and resilient future to support businesses aiming for energy and digital transition towards more sustainable forms of supply. We are convinced that  by working together with the algoWatt Group  we will be able to make available to a rapidly evolving market a wealth of know-how and experience represented by a range of innovative services  tailored to the customer's technical needs "". Stefano Neri  Chairman and CEO of algoWatt    emphasised that ""the agreement allows us to combine the strong greentech and system integration skills in renewables of our group with the innovative approach of Whitenergy  which is a player strongly committed to reducing energy consumption and sustainability. Through the support of a company specialised in consulting and implementation of solutions for energy efficiency and transition  we will have the mutual opportunity to foster the adoption of technologies and processes that can provide industry and the agricultural sector with a concrete opportunity to achieve significant savings and increase environmental performance"".The algoWatt group and the Whitenergy group  through services of a high industrial quality standard  aim to create new high-tech activities in the supply chain  integrating preliminary activities such as feasibility studies  energy diagnostics  consulting for obtaining incentives  economic-financial consulting and investment support  up to the introduction of solutions for self-consumption  even remotely  remote control and monitoring  the design  construction and commissioning of plants for the production of energy from renewable sources at the service of industrial and agro-industrial enterprises and energy efficiency  and advanced operation and maintenance  including the use of innovative and digital tools.**A particular partnership model that consists of working together with a common vision among the actors involved and to maintain this vision it is necessary to: (i) Involve partners from the early stages of the project; (ii) Ensure that partners are clear about the content  timing  strategy and overall design of the intervention; (iii) Consider (in the sense of assessing appropriateness and sustainability) partners' views and input; (iv) Provide partners with the tools they need (training  information  contacts) and the information they feel they need; (v) Build trust.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.54,0.46,0.0,True,English,"['renewable energy plants', 'energy efficiency measures', 'AlgoWatt S', 'Three-year agreement', 'Whitenergy', 'development', 'agri-voltaics', 'high industrial quality standard', 'Energy Performance Contract offers', 'O&M supplier', 'O& M provider', 'system integration skills', 'new high-tech activities', 'digital technology provider', 'utility scale projects', 'Euronext Milan market', 'particular partnership model', 'Renewable Energy Communities', 'renewable energy sector', 'efficiency solutions provider', 'environmental performance', 'energy efficiency', 'agricultural sector', 'renewable sources', 'system integrator', 'preliminary activities', 'energy diagnostics', 'TerniEnergia Progetti', 'Borsa Italiana', 'strategic partnership', 'multiple projects', 'agro-industrial customers', 'Gianluigi Mele', 'significant step', 'resilient future', 'technical needs', 'Stefano Neri', 'strong greentech', 'mutual opportunity', 'concrete opportunity', 'significant savings', 'feasibility studies', 'remote control', 'agro-industrial enterprises', 'advanced operation', 'early stages', 'digital transition', 'digital tools', 'energy production', 'energy consumption', 'innovative approach', 'GreenTech Company', 'sustainable forms', 'supply chain', 'economic-financial consulting', 'investment support', 'common vision', 'overall design', 'algoWatt Group', 'stewardship algoWatt', ""partners' views"", 'stewardship formula', 'innovative services', 'Whitenergy group', 'EPC', 'subsidiary', 'development', 'implementation', 'field', 'promotion', 'self-production', 'self-consumption', 'reduction', 'organisation', 'CERs', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'businesses', 'wealth', 'know-how', 'experience', 'range', 'Chairman', 'agreement', 'renewables', 'player', 'sustainability', 'adoption', 'technologies', 'processes', 'industry', 'The', 'incentives', 'introduction', 'monitoring', 'construction', 'commissioning', 'plants', 'maintenance', 'use', 'actors', 'content', 'timing', 'strategy', 'intervention', 'sense', 'appropriateness', 'input', 'training', 'information', 'contacts', 'trust']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605534/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),NEW YORK  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of votingrights 01/31/2023 45 675 968 51 743 288About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 22 years of expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. As part of its commitment to a cure  Cellectis remains dedicated to its goal of providing lifesaving UCART product candidates for multiple cancers including acute myeloid leukemia (AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and multiple myeloma (MM). .HEAL is a new platform focusing on hemopoietic stem cells to treat blood disorders  immunodeficiencies and lysosomal storage diseases.Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina.Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).For more information  visit www.cellectis.comFollow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33776991433  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relation contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 (617) 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'lifesaving UCART product candidates', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'life-changing product candidates', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'unmet medical needs', 'Investor Relation contacts', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'lysosomal storage diseases', 'gene editing technology', 'Listing market', 'immune system', 'gene therapies', 'therapeutic gene', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'life-saving cell', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'cancer patients', 'various diseases', 'multiple cancers', 'multiple myeloma', 'new platform', 'blood disorders', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'Feb.', 'shares', 'capital', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '22 years', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'part', 'commitment', 'cure', 'goal', 'AML', 'HEAL', 'immunodeficiencies', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'CLLS', 'ALCLS', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Director', 'Communications', 'investors', 'Attachment', '®']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-2-ndash-February-8-2023-42938235/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 2 – February 8  2023,(marketscreener.com)  Share Buyback Transaction Details February 2 – February 8  2023 February 9  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 138 700 of …,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 2 – February 8  2023February 9  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 138 700 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 2  2023  up to and including February 8  2023  for €14.1 million and at an average share price of €101.61.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on November 2  2022  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2023  up to and including February 20  2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 777 500 77.4 99.52For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and YouTube.Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'February', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'November', 'January', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'particular', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/guerbet-2022-revenue-164600957.html,Guerbet: 2022 revenue,2022 revenue Activity Annual revenue: €753.3 million  up +2.9% (-1.1% at CER1); production lags at the Raleigh site weighed on activity Profitability 2022...,GUERBET2022 revenueActivityAnnual revenue: €753.3 million  up +2.9% (-1.1% at CER1); production lags at the Raleigh site weighed on activityProfitability2022 EBITDA margin: confirmation of the announced range of 13% to 14% (excluding extraordinary costs for the optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model in China)Outlook2023 revenue: expected growth above 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CERVillepinte  February 9  2023: Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  has reported its annual revenue. As of December 31  2022  the Group’s sales totaled €753.3 million  up 2.9% from the 2021 fiscal year. This revenue includes a favorable currency effect of €29.3 million  mainly due to the dollar’s appreciation over the period. At constant exchange rates (CER)  activity was down slightly by -1.1% over the year.Distribution of consolidated group revenue by quarter (IFRS)In millions of euros2022at current exchange ratesChange (%)2022at constant exchange rates1Change (%) 20211st quarter 181.1 +2.7% 177.3 +0.5% 176.3 2nd quarter 190.0 +1.7% 181.0 -3.1% 186.8 3rd quarter 198.1 +11.4% 187.0 +5.1% 177.9 4th quarter 184.1 -3.7% 178.7 -6.5% 191.1 Total 753.3 +2.9% 724.0 -1.1% 732.1[1] Constant exchange rates (CER): the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.In 2022  activity slowed at the Raleigh (North America) industrial site  affecting sales worldwide  mainly due to delays in the production of Optiray® and pre-filled syringes.As a reminder  the decrease in the Raleigh site’s production rates last year was due to two factors:Production line priority was given to manufacturing Elucirem TM over the fourth quarter as Guerbet awaited the FDA marketing authorization (MA)  which was obtained on September 21.As was the case with the region’s entire industrial area  the Raleigh site faced significant recruitment difficulties in the first half of 2022. Guerbet’s new organization led to a sharp upturn in hiring in the summer. However  given the time needed for training on the production lines  production rates were still not fully back to normal at the end of 2022.Story continuesGeographical distribution of consolidated group revenue (IFRS)In millions of euros at December 31  20222022at current exchange ratesChange (%)2022at constant exchange rates1Change (%) 2021Sales in EMEA 328.6 -2.3% 329.9 -1.9% 336.2 Sales in Americas 228.5 +3.7% 203.8 -7.5% 220.5 Sales in Asia 196.1 +11.8% 190.2 +8.5% 175.4 Total 753.3 +2.9% 724.0 -1.1% 732.1[1] Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.In the EMEA region  the Group’s activity was down -1.9% at CER in the wake of lower volumes and slight price erosion stemming from the regulatory price reductions in France. In addition  the shutdown of commercial activity in Turkey last November had an impact on fourth quarter revenue.In the Americas  sales rose 3.7% over the year thanks to a significant currency effect (+€24.7 million). The decline in activity at CER (-7.5%) was entirely due to lower volumes  attributable to production delays at the Raleigh site.Activity in Asia saw vigorous annual growth (+8.5% at CER)  with an acceleration in the second half of the year. Performance in China (+45.6% in 2022) was driven by the rollout of direct distribution  which benefited nearly all of the Group’s products as of the end of 2022.Distribution of consolidated group revenue by activity (IFRS)In millions of euros at December 31  20222022at current exchange ratesChange (%)2022at constant exchange rates1Change (%) 2021Diagnostic Imaging 662.8 +1.7% 637.3 -2.2% 651.8 MRI 247.5 +5.5% 238.5 +1.7% 234.6 X-Ray 415.3 -0.5% 398.8 -4.4% 417.2 Interventional Imaging 90.4 +12.7% 86.7 +8.1% 80.2 Total 753.3 +2.9% 724.0 -1.1% 732.1[1] Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.Annual revenue in Diagnostic Imaging was up 1.7% at current exchange rates and down -2.2% at CER.In MRI  annual sales rose 1.7% at CER (+5.5% at current exchange rates) owing to higher volumes. Price erosion was minimal despite the launch of generic Dotarem® in the United States.X-ray activity declined -4.4% at CER in 2022 due to the lower revenue from Optiray®. Sales of Xenetix® (+5.5%) and injection solutions (+4.8%) remained strong throughout the year.In Interventional Imaging  activity rose 12.7% at current exchange rates over the year and 8.1% at CER thanks to the remarkable momentum of Lipiodol®. Its sales accelerated considerably in the second half of the year  especially in the fourth quarter (+33.3% at CER).Confirmation of the 2022 profitability target  acceleration of activity in 2023For 2022  despite the revenue shortfall associated with the temporary drop in production in Raleigh  Guerbet confirmed its ability to generate an EBITDA margin of between 13% and 14%  excluding extraordinary costs from the optimization of the Group’s operating structure and changes in the sales model in China. In addition  following the announcements released on November 3  2022  and January 16  2023  on its new strategic orientations in Augmented Intelligence and Interventional Imaging  the Group specifies that it will record for fiscal 2022  asset impairments related to Accurate Medical Therapeutics and software developed with IBM Watson.In 2023  the Raleigh site’s production rates should return to full capacity in the first quarter  bringing the commercial activity back up to standard in the second quarter. Guerbet will therefore be in a position to take full advantage of the favorable trend in the contrast agents market in terms of both volumes and prices. The Group intends to strengthen its positions in Diagnostic Imaging with the commercial launch of EluciremTM in the United States and Europe at the end of the year  as well as in Interventional Imaging  where the very positive momentum of Lipiodol® is expected to continue.Given all these factors  despite the persistent inflationary pressures affecting its supply costs (mainly iodine)  the Group is confident for 2023. Its revenue growth target for this year is above 5% on a like-for-like basis and at constant exchange rates.About GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a leader in medical imaging worldwide  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. A pioneer in contrast agents for 95 years  with more than 2 600 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 10% of our sales to research and development in four centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions and forecasts by the Guerbet group’s management. Various known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors could lead to marked differences between the Group’s future results  financial situation  development  and performances and the estimates presented in these forward-looking statements. These factors include those mentioned in Guerbet’s public documents  available on its website www.guerbet.com. The Group assumes no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements in this press release to reflect future events or developments.ContactsGuerbet ActifinJérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00jerome.estampes@guerbet.comClaire LauvernierCommunications Director+33 (0)6 79 52 11 88claire.lauvernier@guerbet.comFinancial CommunicationsMarianne Py+33 (0)1 80 48 25 31mpy@actifin.frPressMathias Jordan+33 (0)1 56 88 11 26mjordan@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.26,0.53,True,English,"['Guerbet', '2022 revenue', 'constant exchange rates1 Change', 'North America) industrial site', 'current exchange rates Change', 'entire industrial area', 'favorable currency effect', 'FDA marketing authorization', 'significant recruitment difficulties', 'significant currency effect', 'regulatory price reductions', 'exchange rate impact', 'slight price erosion', 'Production line priority', 'previous fiscal year', 'vigorous annual growth', 'consolidated group revenue', 'fourth quarter revenue', 'production rates', '2021 fiscal year', 'Annual revenue', 'Raleigh site', 'lower revenue', 'production lags', '2022 EBITDA margin', 'extraordinary costs', 'operational structure', 'FR0000032526 GBT', 'global specialist', 'contrast agents', 'medical imaging', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'two factors', 'Elucirem TM', 'first half', 'new organization', 'sharp upturn', 'production lines', 'lower volumes', 'second half', 'Diagnostic Imaging', 'Interventional Imaging', 'higher volumes', 'generic Dotarem®', 'United States', 'remarkable momentum', 'Geographical distribution', 'production delays', 'direct distribution', 'injection solutions', '2022 profitability target', '2022 revenue Activity', 'annual sales', 'commercial activity', 'sales model', 'CER Villepinte', 'EMEA region', 'X-ray activity', '2023 revenue', 'GUERBET', 'confirmation', 'range', 'optimization', 'changes', 'China', 'Outlook', 'basis', 'February', 'December', 'dollar', 'appreciation', 'period', 'IFRS', 'millions', 'euros', 'Optiray®', 'syringes', 'reminder', 'decrease', 'September', 'case', 'hiring', 'summer', 'time', 'training', 'end', 'Story', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'wake', 'France', 'addition', 'shutdown', 'Turkey', 'decline', 'acceleration', 'Performance', 'rollout', 'products', '8 MRI', 'launch', 'Xenetix', 'Lipiodol®', '65']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604573/0/en/Celyad-Oncology-announces-the-publication-of-data-from-its-Phase-1-THINK-study-of-CYAD-01.html,Celyad Oncology announces the publication of data from its Phase 1 THINK study of CYAD-01,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell th…,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies  today announces the publication of the data from the haematological arm of the THINK study which evaluated CYAD-01 in relapsed or refractory (r/r) acute myeloid leukaemia (AML) and myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) or multiple myeloma (MM) patients. The findings were published in the journal The Lancet Haematology.CYAD-01 is the Company’s first autologous CAR T-cell candidate  based on the natural killer receptor NKG2D  assessed clinically. The completed THINK study was an open-label  dose-escalation Phase 1 study for patients with r/r AML  MDS  or MM  after at least one previous line of therapy. Patients were recruited from five hospitals in the USA and Belgium.The Lancet Haematology publication includes data from the 16 patients treated with CYAD-01 in the dose escalation segment of the study  which evaluated three dose levels of CYAD-01 using a schedule of three infusions at two-week intervals in the absence of any preconditioning chemotherapy. Overall  CYAD-01 showed favourable safety data with signs of clinical activity with three of the 12 evaluable AML/MDS patients presenting an objective response.Importantly  the THINK study is one of the first completed dose-escalation CAR T-cell studies in r/r AML/MDS. Unlike the majority of the studies evaluating CAR T-cell therapy candidates  the THINK study evaluated multiple infusions of CYAD-01 as a stand-alone product candidate (i.e.  without prior bridging or preconditioning chemotherapy). This feature is of particular interest considering the median older age and the poorer general condition of patients with r/r AML or MDS at diagnosis.Although the need to improve the anti-tumour activity is warranted  these data in a difficult-to-treat patient population potentially provide the proof-of-concept of targeting NKG2D ligands by a CAR T-cell product candidate  and support the further development of NKG2D-based CAR T-cell therapies.About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking StatementThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding the potential safety  activity  and feasibility of CYAD-01 cell therapy and other product NKG2D-based candidates or the clinical and commercial potential of these product candidates. The words “potential ” “target” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Celyad Oncology Contacts:Investor Contact: Media Contact: David GeorgesVP Finance and Administrationinvestors@celyad.com Caroline LonezR&D Communications and Business Developmentcommunications@celyad.comSource: Celyad Oncology SA,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.11,0.71,True,English,"['Phase 1 THINK study', 'Celyad Oncology', 'publication', 'data', 'CYAD-01', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'first autologous CAR T-cell candidate', 'next-generation CAR T candidates', 'NKG2D-based CAR T-cell therapies', 'CAR T-cell product candidate', 'dose-escalation CAR T-cell studies', 'open-label, dose-escalation Phase 1 study', 'other product NKG2D-based candidates', 'CAR T-cell therapy candidates', 'other IP rights suits', 'The Lancet Haematology publication', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking Statement', 'stand-alone product candidate', 'applicable securities laws', 'U.S. Securities', 'chimeric antigen receptor', 'acute myeloid leukaemia', 'natural killer receptor', 'one previous line', 'dose escalation segment', 'median older age', 'proprietary technology platforms', 'strategic business model', 'latest Annual Report', 'three dose levels', 'poorer general condition', 'favourable safety data', '12 evaluable AML/MDS patients', 'CYAD-01 cell therapy', 'product candidates', 'other risks', 'IP assets', 'three infusions', 'r/r AML/MDS.', 'financial condition', 'The Company', 'forward-looking statements', 'THINK study', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative technologies', 'haematological arm', 'myelodysplastic syndromes', 'multiple myeloma', 'five hospitals', 'two-week intervals', 'preconditioning chemotherapy', 'objective response', 'multiple infusions', 'prior bridging', 'particular interest', 'patient population', 'intellectual property', 'solid tumors', 'hematological malignancies', 'New York', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'important factors', 'actual events', 'material uncertainty', 'going concern', 'expected benefits', 'outside parties', 'Exchange Commission', 'unknown risks', 'Such risks', 'anti-tumour activity', 'NKG2D ligands', 'true potential', 'commercial potential', 'identifying words', 'patent infringement', 'substantial claims', 'subsequent filings', 'biotechnology company', 'clinical activity', 'MM) patients', '16 patients', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'Feb.', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'discovery', 'development', 'refractory', 'findings', 'journal', 'USA', 'schedule', 'absence', 'signs', 'majority', 'feature', 'diagnosis', 'need', 'proof', 'concept', 'opportunities', 'information', 'release', 'meaning', 'limitation', 'feasibility', 'target', 'management', 'beliefs', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'results', 'performance', 'achievements', 'ability', 'partnerships', 'patents', 'possibility', 'others', 'damages', 'lawsuits', 'world', 'reports']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Racing-Force-Group-growth-continues-in-Q4-New-all-time-sales-record-in-20-42937035/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Racing Force S.p.a. :  Racing Force Group growth continues in Q4  New all-time sales record in 2022,(marketscreener.com)  REVENUES IN THE Q4 EQUAL TO €13.4 MLN FY 2022 CLOSES AT €58.8 MILLION Ronco Scrivia   February 9th  2023 - Racing Force S.p.A.  parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing …,"REVENUES IN THE Q4 EQUAL TO €13.4 MLN (+21.3% y/y)FY 2022 CLOSES AT €58.8 MILLION (+26.1% y/y)Ronco Scrivia (GE  Italy)  February 9th  2023 - Racing Force S.p.A.  parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan (RFG) and Paris (ALRFG)  announces its consolidated sales figures for Q4 2022 and for the full year:Consolidated Q4 2022 Revenues at € 13.4 million   up 21.3% from € 11.0 million in Q4 2021 (+18.5% at constant exchange rates);Revenues at   up from € 11.0 million in Q4 2021 (+18.5% at constant exchange rates); Consolidated revenues for the full year at € 58.8 million  up 26.1% from € 46.7 million in FY 2021 (+23.3% at constant exchange rates).Consolidated 2022 sales  which increased by double digits over 2021  represent a new record for the Group and were achieved in all geographic areas  with particular emphasis on the macro-areas of the Americas  up 44.3 %  and EMEA  up 22.6 % over the same period last year.All product categories are significantly growing  with Driver's Equipment in particular highlight (+30.0 %)  driven by the increasing success of Bell helmets  while the Car Parts segment reports +15.9 % and Others grow by 21.6 %.The incidence of Dealers  as the Group's priority sales channel  stands at 65% of total sales for the year  with Team & Car Manufacturer accounting for 22% and Other for 13%. Compared to 2021  there was an increase in revenues to Team & Car Manufacturer (+35.6%) and Other (+71.3%)  segments that benefited from major partnership agreements signed by the Group.“In 2022 we achieved record sales once again  in an increasingly challenging global macro context  demonstrating the quality of our offer and our strategy"" commented Paolo Delprato  President and CEO of Racing Force Group. ""Racing Force's goal is to continue investing in research and development to offer to the market innovative solutions which constantly improve the quality  safety and performance of our products. This is the key to our success  the credit for which goes to all our girls and boys who every day with passion and dedication push us more and more towards excellence. To them go my personal thanks.""Racing Force Group's financial statements will be approved on March 29th  and the data will be presented and commented during a call on March 30th. Details on how to participate to the call will be confirmed soon.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m3CdksZpZ2vGy3BxYpqWmJdqm2lok5GVZ2XLxmhok5accHKUmWZpmZbHZnBpmW1u- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78488-pr-eng-rfg-sales-2022-q4-2022-rev-bp-e-pd-def.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['New all-time sales record', 'Racing Force Group growth', 'Racing Force S.', '2022', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'challenging global macro context', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'constant exchange rates', 'major partnership agreements', 'next press releases', 'original press release', 'Racing Force Group', 'Car Parts segment', 'priority sales channel', 'consolidated sales figures', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Consolidated Q4 2022 Revenues', 'Consolidated 2022 sales', 'News release', 'Car Manufacturer', 'total sales', 'record sales', 'Consolidated revenues', 'Ronco Scrivia', 'double digits', 'new record', 'geographic areas', 'particular emphasis', 'same period', 'product categories', 'Bell helmets', 'Paolo Delprato', 'innovative solutions', 'personal thanks', 'financial statements', 'Q4 EQUAL', 'parent company', 'safety components', 'increasing success', 'Regulated information', 'full year', 'THE', 'MLN', 'FY', 'Italy', 'February', 'development', 'production', 'marketing', 'motorsports', 'Milan', 'RFG', 'Paris', 'macro-areas', 'Americas', 'EMEA', 'Driver', 'Equipment', 'highlight', 'incidence', 'Dealers', 'Team', 'increase', 'segments', 'quality', 'offer', 'strategy', 'President', 'CEO', 'goal', 'research', 'performance', 'products', 'credit', 'girls', 'boys', 'passion', 'dedication', 'excellence', 'March', 'data', 'call', 'Details', 'publication', 'accounts', 'results', 'PDF', 'email', '€', '21.6']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRESCENT-NV-5956/news/Crescent-REGULATED-INFORMATION-AND-INSIDER-INFORMATION-ndash-Crescent-announces-rearrangement-of-42937125/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Crescent : REGULATED INFORMATION AND INSIDER INFORMATION – Crescent announces rearrangement of its shareholders' structure and confirms revenue growth of more than 25% over 2022,(marketscreener.com)  Leuven  Belgium - 8 February 2023 - 17h40  Crescent NV  Geldenaaksebaan 329  3001 Heverlee    Van Zele Holding has entered into agreements with a number of investors/shareholders to place up to 50 million shares at 2 cents per share …,Leuven  Belgium - 8 February 2023 - 17h40  Crescent NV  Geldenaaksebaan 329  3001 Heverlee (Euronext Brussels: OPTI)Van Zele Holding has entered into agreements with a number of investors/shareholders to place up to 50 million shares at 2 cents per share off- stock exchange.This move drops Van Zele Holding's stake below the 30% threshold  before this transaction Van Zele Holding held a 31.78% stake.This transaction however does not increase the total number of outstanding shares of Crescent and is hence non-dilutive.The funds acquired from this transaction will be made available in full by Van Zele Holding to Crescent NV in the form of a loan at market conditions.With this  the financing of increasing working capital needs in light of expected strong sales growth in 2023 has been met.Alychlo on the other hand announces that their stake has recently fallen below 5%.Crescent confirms that its revenue for 2022 grew by more than 25%  resulting in an even more important increase in EBITDA.CONTACTEdwin BexGeldenaaksebaan 329B-3001 Leuven  BelgiumTEL: +32 (0) 16 31 74 11E-mail: investor@option.comwww.crescent-ventures.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['REGULATED INFORMATION', 'INSIDER INFORMATION', ""shareholders' structure"", 'revenue growth', 'Crescent', 'rearrangement', 'Van Zele Holding', 'working capital needs', 'strong sales growth', 'to 50 million shares', 'outstanding shares', 'Euronext Brussels', 'stock exchange', 'market conditions', 'other hand', 'important increase', 'Edwin Bex', 'Crescent NV', 'total number', 'Leuven', 'Belgium', '8 February', '17h40', 'Geldenaaksebaan', '3001 Heverlee', 'OPTI', 'agreements', 'investors', 'shareholders', '2 cents', 'move', 'stake', '30% threshold', 'transaction', 'funds', 'form', 'loan', 'financing', 'light', 'Alychlo', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'CONTACT', 'mail', 'crescent-ventures']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AKWEL-5052/news/AKWEL-2022-turnover-up-7-1-42945703/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,AKWEL: 2022 turnover up 7.1%,(marketscreener.com)         Thursday 09 February 2023 2022 TURNOVER UP 7.1% Turnover up by 11.3% on a like-for-like basisCurrent operating income projected to decline by around 40% AKWEL   the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialisin…,Thursday 09 February 20232022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%Turnover up by 11.3% on a like-for-like basisCurrent operating income projected to decline by around 40%AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €988.5m for 2022.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 31 December)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% 4th quarter 249.4 223.5 +11.5% +14.6% Total for 12 months 988.5 922.6 +7.1% +11.3%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.INCREASE IN ACTIVITY IN Q4 2022In the last quarter of 2022  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €249.4 million  up by 11.5% when comparing published figures and by 14.6% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.With this third consecutive quarter of increased activity  in an environment that continues to be disrupted by component shortages and inflation  the Group ends 2022 with a 7.1% annual increase in turnover compared with 2021. This remains around 10% lower than 2019  the last financial year before the health crisis and the fall in global markets.On a like-for-like basis  the increase in annual turnover was +11.3%. Currency fluctuations resulted in an annual impact of -€38.2m  with the Turkish lira accounting for -€72.7m and the US dollar accounting for -€33.2m.GROWTH BOOSTED BY ACTIVITY IN NORTH AMERICAThe geographical breakdown by production zone was as follows in 2022:France: €268.7m (+1.5%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €268.6m (-3.4%)North America: €298.8m (+27.2%)Asia and the Middle East (including Turkey): €146.9m (+6.7%)South America: €5.5m (-21.0%)SUSTAINED DEVELOPMENT FOR THE COOLING PRODUCT LINEIn 2002  the Products and Functions turnover stood at €951.4m  up by 7.8%  with an increase posted across almost all of the Group's product lines. The Cooling (+17.4%)  Washer Systems (+11.6%) and Air (+10.9%) product lines were among the most dynamic during this financial year. The Decontamination product line limited its contraction to 1.5%. Turnover for Tooling was €21.4m over the period.NET CASH POSITION OF €115.1mNet cash excluding lease obligations fell by €7.6m in Q4 to reach €115.1m at closing  an increase of €6.7m over the year.OUTLOOKAs expected  the Group’s profitability was impacted by supply constraints and the difficulties in passing on the inflationary impacts recorded across all operating costs  with current operating income expected to fall by around 40% for 2022.For the 2023 financial year  in an environment in which visibility over the global automotive market remains very limited due to economic and geopolitical tensions  AKWEL anticipates a slight increase in turnover.Next press release: 2022 annual results  05 April 2023  after the markets close.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['AKWEL', '2022 turnover', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'The Decontamination product line', 'Next press release', 'COOLING PRODUCT LINE', 'Current operating income', 'third consecutive quarter', 'independent, family-owned group', 'global automotive market', 'exchange rates', 'product lines', 'The Cooling', 'operating costs', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'mechanism management', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', 'component shortages', 'health crisis', 'global markets', 'Currency fluctuations', 'annual impact', 'Turkish lira', 'US dollar', 'NORTH AMERICA', 'geographical breakdown', 'production zone', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'SUSTAINED DEVELOPMENT', 'Washer Systems', 'CASH POSITION', 'Net cash', 'lease obligations', 'supply constraints', 'inflationary impacts', 'geopolitical tensions', '2022 annual results', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'The Group', 'financial year', 'Consolidated turnover', 'annual turnover', 'Functions turnover', 'fluid management', '7.1% annual increase', 'slight increase', 'AKW.PA', 'Thursday', 'February', 'basis', 'AKWEL', 'PEA', 'revenue', 'January', '31 December', 'millions', 'Variation', '12 months', 'figures', 'ACTIVITY', 'Q4', 'published', 'scope', 'constants', 'environment', 'fall', 'GROWTH', 'France', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Turkey', 'Products', 'Air', 'contraction', 'Tooling', 'period', 'closing', 'OUTLOOK', 'profitability', 'difficulties', 'visibility', 'economic', 'mechanisms', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605315/0/en/AKWEL-2022-turnover-up-7-1.html,AKWEL: 2022 turnover up 7.1%,Thursday 09 February 2023  2022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%  Turnover up by 11.3% on a like-for-like basisCurrent operating income projected to decline by......,English FrenchThursday 09 February 20232022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%Turnover up by 11.3% on a like-for-like basisCurrent operating income projected to decline by around 40%AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €988.5m for 2022.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 31 December)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% 4th quarter 249.4 223.5 +11.5% +14.6% Total for 12 months 988.5 922.6 +7.1% +11.3%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.INCREASE IN ACTIVITY IN Q4 2022In the last quarter of 2022  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €249.4 million  up by 11.5% when comparing published figures and by 14.6% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.With this third consecutive quarter of increased activity  in an environment that continues to be disrupted by component shortages and inflation  the Group ends 2022 with a 7.1% annual increase in turnover compared with 2021. This remains around 10% lower than 2019  the last financial year before the health crisis and the fall in global markets.On a like-for-like basis  the increase in annual turnover was +11.3%. Currency fluctuations resulted in an annual impact of -€38.2m  with the Turkish lira accounting for -€72.7m and the US dollar accounting for -€33.2m.GROWTH BOOSTED BY ACTIVITY IN NORTH AMERICAThe geographical breakdown by production zone was as follows in 2022:France: €268.7m (+1.5%)Europe (excluding France) and Africa: €268.6m (-3.4%)North America: €298.8m (+27.2%)Asia and the Middle East (including Turkey): €146.9m (+6.7%)South America: €5.5m (-21.0%)SUSTAINED DEVELOPMENT FOR THE COOLING PRODUCT LINEIn 2002  the Products and Functions turnover stood at €951.4m  up by 7.8%  with an increase posted across almost all of the Group's product lines. The Cooling (+17.4%)  Washer Systems (+11.6%) and Air (+10.9%) product lines were among the most dynamic during this financial year. The Decontamination product line limited its contraction to 1.5%. Turnover for Tooling was €21.4m over the period.NET CASH POSITION OF €115.1mNet cash excluding lease obligations fell by €7.6m in Q4 to reach €115.1m at closing  an increase of €6.7m over the year.OUTLOOKAs expected  the Group’s profitability was impacted by supply constraints and the difficulties in passing on the inflationary impacts recorded across all operating costs  with current operating income expected to fall by around 40% for 2022.For the 2023 financial year  in an environment in which visibility over the global automotive market remains very limited due to economic and geopolitical tensions  AKWEL anticipates a slight increase in turnover.Next press release: 2022 annual results  05 April 2023  after the markets close.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.29,0.57,True,English,"['AKWEL', '2022 turnover', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'The Decontamination product line', 'Next press release', 'COOLING PRODUCT LINE', 'Current operating income', 'third consecutive quarter', 'independent, family-owned group', 'global automotive market', 'exchange rates', 'product lines', 'The Cooling', 'operating costs', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'English French', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'mechanism management', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', 'component shortages', 'health crisis', 'global markets', 'Currency fluctuations', 'annual impact', 'Turkish lira', 'US dollar', 'NORTH AMERICA', 'geographical breakdown', 'production zone', 'Middle East', 'South America', 'SUSTAINED DEVELOPMENT', 'Washer Systems', 'CASH POSITION', 'Net cash', 'lease obligations', 'supply constraints', 'inflationary impacts', 'geopolitical tensions', '2022 annual results', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'The Group', 'financial year', 'Consolidated turnover', 'annual turnover', 'Functions turnover', 'fluid management', '7.1% annual increase', 'slight increase', 'AKW.PA', 'Thursday', 'February', 'basis', 'AKWEL', 'PEA', 'revenue', 'January', '31 December', 'millions', 'Variation', '12 months', 'figures', 'ACTIVITY', 'Q4', 'published', 'scope', 'constants', 'environment', 'fall', 'GROWTH', 'France', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia', 'Turkey', 'Products', 'Air', 'contraction', 'Tooling', 'period', 'closing', 'OUTLOOK', 'profitability', 'difficulties', 'visibility', 'economic', 'mechanisms', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '€']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/galapagos-presented-encouraging-initial-safety-210100269.html,Galapagos presented encouraging initial safety and efficacy data at 2023 EBMT-EHA for point-of-care manufactured CAR-T candidate  GLPG5201  in rrCLL,All 7 out of 7 eligible patients with relapsed/refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia  with or without Richter’s transformation  responded to treatment...,Galapagos NVAll 7 out of 7 eligible patients with relapsed/refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia  with or without Richter’s transformation  responded to treatment (Objective Response Rate of 100%)GLPG5201 showed an acceptable safety profile with no cytokine release syndrome (CRS) higher than grade 2  or immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) observedMechelen  Belgium; 9 February 2023  22.01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today presented encouraging data at the European Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (EBMT)-European Hematology Association (EHA) 5th European CAR T-cell Meeting in Rotterdam.CD19-directed CAR-T therapy has the potential to improve survival for patients with a broad range of B-cell malignancies such as Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) and Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma (SLL).EUPLAGIA-1 is an ongoing Phase 1/2 study in heavily pre-treated patients with rrCLL and rrSLL  with or without Richter’s transformation (RT)  to evaluate the safety  efficacy  and feasibility of GLPG5201  a fresh CD19 CAR-T product candidate manufactured at point-of-care. As of 9 January 2023  7 patients diagnosed with rrCLL (4 patients with RT) were enrolled in the study (n=4 at dose level 1 (DL1); n=3 at dose level 2 (DL2)). All patients received GLPG5201 as a fresh infusion with a median vein-to-vein time of 7 days. The dose levels that are evaluated in the Phase 1 part of the study are 35x106 (DL1)  100x106 (DL2) and 300x106 (dose level 3 (DL3)) CAR+ viable T cells.The initial results from these 7 patients that were eligible for efficacy analysis (cut-off date: 9 January 2023) indicated that a 7-day vein-to-vein time is feasible and demonstrated strong and consistent in vivo CAR-T expansion levels. Moreover  the initial efficacy results are encouraging with an objective response rate (ORR) of 100% observed. 6 out of 7 patients (86%) reached a complete response (CR) and all Richter’s patients achieved a CR. A duration of response of up to 7.9 months has been reported and follow-up is ongoing. Only 1 patient (DL1) progressed (progressive disease  PD  after partial response  PR) and had a CD19-negative relapse with confirmed Richter’s transformation.Story continuesIn the safety analysis of these 7 patients  adverse events were consistent with the known toxicities of CD19 CAR-T treatment. None of the patients experienced a cytokine release syndrome (CRS) higher than grade 2 at both dose levels and no immune effector cell associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) was reported. No dose limiting toxicities (DLTs) were reported and the majority of grade ≥3 adverse events were hematological. Only one serious adverse event was reported at DL2 with a patient experiencing a CRS grade 2  but the event was resolved after 7 days.“We were very pleased to present strong initial data from the ongoing Phase 1/2 study of our fresh CD19 CAR-T candidate manufactured at point-of-care. This marks an important milestone in our journey to transform the lives of patients with severe blood cancers  including patients with RT  through the acceleration of innovation and breakthrough science”  said Dr. Paul Stoffels1  CEO of Galapagos. “We look forward to reporting Phase 1 topline data around mid-year.”Details of the poster presentation:Abstract Title Authors Presentation date/time Initial Clinical Results of Euplagia-1  a Phase I/II Trial of Point-of-CareManufactured GLPG5201 in R/R CLL/SLL with or without Richter's transformationNuria Martinez-Cibrian  Sergi Betriu  Valentin Ortiz-Maldonado  Daniel Estban  Leticia Alserawan  Mercedes Montoro  Anna DD van Muyden  Maike Spoon  Margot J. Pont  Christian Jacques  Julio Delgado Poster Number: CART2023: 206Date: 9 February 2023  13:15 CETSession: 704About point-of-care manufacturing (Cocoon®)CellPoint has developed  in a strategic collaboration with Lonza  a novel point-of-care supply model  which is designed to enable clinicians to administer fresh CAR-T cells within 7 days of leukapheresis  without complex logistics or cryopreservation  thereby aiming to address important limitations of current CAR-T treatments. The proprietary platform consists of CellPoint’s end-to-end xCellit workflow management and monitoring software and Lonza’s Cocoon® Platform  a functionally closed  automated manufacturing platform for cell therapies.About the EUPLAGIA-1 study (EudraCT 2021-003815-25)EUPLAGIA-1 is an ongoing Phase 1/2 open-label  multi-center study evaluating the feasibility  safety  and efficacy of point-of-care manufactured GLPG5201 in patients with relapsed/refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (rrCLL) and Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma (rrSLL)  with or without Richter’s transformation (RT). GLPG5201 is a second generation anti-CD19/4-1BB CAR-T product candidate  administered as intravenous infusion of a fresh product candidate in a single fixed dose. Patients with CD19+ rrCLL or rrSLL with >2 lines of therapy are eligible to participate  and patients with RT are eligible regardless of prior therapy. The primary objective of the Phase 1 part of the study is to evaluate safety and determine the recommended dose for the Phase 2 part of the study. The primary objective of the Phase 2 part of the study is to assess the objective response rate (ORR) and the secondary objectives include the analysis of the complete response rate (CRR)  duration of response  progression free survival  overall survival  safety pharmacokinetic profile  and feasibility of point-of-care manufacturing.The planned dose levels that are evaluated in the Phase 1 part of the study are 35x106 (DL1)  100x106 (DL2) and 300x106 (DL3) CAR+ viable T cells. The study uses a Bayesian Optimal Interval (BOIN) design (n=15 patients) for Phase 1. Following screening and enrolment  patients will receive ibrutinib continuously until leukapheresis of mononuclear cells. During GLPG5201 manufacturing  patients receive cyclophosphamide (300 mg/m2/day)/fludarabine (30 mg/m2/day) for 3 days. After a resting period of at least 2 days  GLPG5201 is administered via intravenous infusion. All patients remain hospitalized for at least 7 days and the end-of-study visit is at Week 14 post CAR-T infusion. The study is currently enrolling rrCLL/SLL patients in Europe  including patients with Richter’s transformation  and we aim to provide topline results for Phase 1 around mid-2023.About Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia and Small Lymphocytic LymphomaChronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) is one of the chronic lymphoproliferative disorders (lymphoid neoplasms). It is characterized by a progressive accumulation of functionally incompetent lymphocytes  which are usually monoclonal in origin. Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) and Small Lymphocytic Leukemia (SLL) are essentially the same type of B-cell Non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL)  with the only difference the location where the primary cancer occurs. CLL affects B-cells in the blood and bone marrow and SLL cancer cells are located in lymph nodes and/or the spleen2. Richter's transformation is an uncommon clinicopathological condition observed in patients with Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL). It is characterized by the sudden transformation of the CLL into a significantly more aggressive form of large cell lymphoma  and occurs in approximately 2-10% of all CLL patients. CLL/SLL usually follows an indolent course and is an incurable disease. Patients who develop relapsed and refractory disease and become resistant to new agents have a dismal prognosis and a high unmet medical need for new therapeutic options such as CAR-T cells. With estimated incidence of 4.7 new cases per 100 000 individuals  CLL/SLL are the most prevalent lymphoid malignancy and are the most common adult leukemias in the US and in Europe3.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to Phase 4 programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. CellPoint was acquired by Galapagos in June 2022. For additional information  please visit glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter .ContactMedia relations Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel +32 479 490 603 +1 781 296 1143 Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs +41 79 853 33 54 +32 495 58 46 63 ir@glpg.com Hélène de Kruijs +31 6 22463921 media@glpg.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “initial ” “feasible ” “will ” encouraging ” “potential ” “forward ” “aim ” promising ” “believe ” “suggest ” “on track ” and “planned ” as well as any similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  any statements regarding preliminary  interim and topline data from the EUPLAGIA-1 study and other analyses related to CD19 CAR-T  statements regarding our plans and strategy with respect to the EUPLAGIA-1 study and CD19 CAR-T  statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of the EUPLAGIA-1 study  including the expected trial recruitment and timing for topline results from the EUPLAGIA-1 study  statements regarding the collaboration with Lonza  statements regarding our regulatory and R&D outlook  and statements regarding our strategy  portfolio goals  business plans  focus. Of note  the EUPLAGIA-1 study is ongoing and these interim results may not reflect any future or final results or be confirmed upon completion of such study. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on our management’s current expectations and beliefs  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements may involve unknown and known risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any historic or future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  risks associated with clinical trials  recruitment of patients for trials  and product development activities  including the CD19 CAR-T clinical program and the EUPLAGIA-1 study  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  risks related to regulatory approval requirements (including  but not limited to  the risk that data from the ongoing EUPLAGIA-1 study may not support registration or further development due to safety  efficacy concerns  or other reasons)  risks related to the acquisition of CellPoint  including the risk that we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of CellPoint  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with target discovery and validation or drug discovery and development activities  the risk that the preliminary and topline data from the EUPLAGIA-1 study may not be reflective of the final data  risks related to our reliance on collaborations with third parties (including CellPoint’s collaboration partner Lonza)  the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on our currently contemplated business plan and/or will revise our business plan  including the risk that our plans with respect to CAR-T may not be achieved on the currently anticipated timeline or at all  and risks related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. A further list and description of these or other risks and uncertainties can be found in our filings and reports with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  including in our most recent annual report on Form 20‐F filed with the SEC and our subsequent filings and reports filed with the SEC. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if our results  performance or achievements are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this release  unless required by law or regulation.1 Acting via Stoffels IMC BV2 Wierda WG. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia/ Small lymphocytic lymphoma fact sheet. In: Foundation LR  editor: https://www.lymphoma.org/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/LRF_FACTSHEET_CLL_SLL.pdf.2018.3 Siegel RL  Miller KD  Fuchs HE  Jemal A. Cancer Statistics  2021. CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians. 2021;71(1):7-33. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK493173Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.14,0.55,True,English,"['encouraging initial safety', 'efficacy data', 'CAR-T candidate', 'Galapagos', '2023 EBMT-EHA', 'point', 'care', 'GLPG5201', 'rrCLL', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 open-label, multi-center study', '5th European CAR T-cell Meeting', 'immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome', 'fresh CD19 CAR-T product candidate', 'Anna DD van Muyden', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 study', 'CAR+ viable T cells', 'fresh CD19 CAR-T candidate', 'refractory Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia', 'vivo CAR-T expansion levels', 'closed, automated manufacturing platform', 'one serious adverse event', 'fresh product candidate', 'fresh CAR-T cells', 'CD19 CAR-T treatment', 'current CAR-T treatments', 'Phase I/II Trial', 'Small Lymphocytic Lymphoma', 'cytokine release syndrome', 'Phase 1 topline data', 'Dr. Paul Stoffels', 'Abstract Title Authors', 'Margot J. Pont', 'xCellit workflow management', 'CD19-directed CAR-T therapy', 'strong initial data', 'Initial Clinical Results', 'single fixed dose', 'severe blood cancers', 'Objective Response Rate', 'acceptable safety profile', 'care supply model', 'dose limiting toxicities', 'grade ≥3 adverse events', 'initial efficacy results', 'European Society', 'Phase 1 part', 'initial results', 'fresh infusion', 'dose levels', 'encouraging data', 'proprietary platform', 'primary objective', 'care manufacturing', 'cell therapies', 'EUPLAGIA-1 study', 'complete response', 'partial response', 'Cocoon® Platform', 'Marrow Transplantation', 'broad range', 'B-cell malignancies', 'median vein', 'progressive disease', 'CD19-negative relapse', 'important milestone', 'breakthrough science', 'poster presentation', 'R/R CLL/SLL', 'Nuria Martinez-Cibrian', 'Sergi Betriu', 'Valentin Ortiz-Maldonado', 'Daniel Estban', 'Leticia Alserawan', 'Mercedes Montoro', 'Maike Spoon', 'Christian Jacques', 'Julio Delgado', 'Poster Number', '13:15 CET Session', 'strategic collaboration', 'complex logistics', 'important limitations', 'monitoring software', 'second generation', 'intravenous infusion', 'prior therapy', 'efficacy analysis', 'safety analysis', 'Galapagos NV', 'vein time', 'Presentation date', 'CD19+ rrCLL', 'novel point', 'CRS grade', '7 eligible patients', '7 patients', 'Richter', 'transformation', 'GLPG5201', 'ICANS', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '9 February', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'EBMT', 'EHA', 'Rotterdam', 'potential', 'survival', 'rrSLL', 'feasibility', '9 January', '7 days', '35x106', 'DL', 'cut', '7-day', 'ORR', 'duration', '7.9 months', 'follow-up', '1 patient', 'PD', 'Story', 'None', 'majority', 'journey', 'lives', 'acceleration', 'innovation', 'CEO', 'mid-year', 'Details', 'CellPoint', 'Lonza', 'clinicians', 'leukapheresis', 'cryopreservation', 'end', 'EudraCT', '>2 lines']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DNO-ASA-1413123/news/Key-Information-Relating-to-Cash-Dividend-in-February-42936695/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Key Information Relating to Cash Dividend in February,(marketscreener.com) Oslo  9 February 2023 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that pursuant to the authorization granted at the Annual General Meeting held on 25 May 2022  the Board of Directors has approved a dividend payment of N…,Oslo  9 February 2023 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that pursuant to the authorization granted at the Annual General Meeting held on 25 May 2022  the Board of Directors has approved a dividend payment of NOK 0.25 per share to be made on or about 22 February 2023 to all shareholders of record as of 15 February 2023. DNO shares will be traded ex-dividend as of 14 February 2023.Dividend amount: NOK 0.25 per share Declared currency: NOK Last day including right: 13 February 2023 Ex-date: 14 February 2023 Record date: 15 February 2023 Payment date: 22 February 2023 (on or about) Date of approval: 8 February 2023  based on authorization granted 25 May 2022–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.4 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Key Information', 'Cash Dividend', 'February', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'DNO shares', 'Dividend amount', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'Record date', 'Payment date', '9 February', 'authorization', '25 May', 'Board', 'Directors', 'NOK', '22 February', 'shareholders', '15 February', '14 February', 'currency', 'right', '13 February', 'approval', '8 February', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'Company', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LLEIDANETWORKS-SERVEIS-TE-111615945/news/Lleidanetworks-Serveis-Telematics-S-A-Lleida-net-recognized-for-its-social-strength-by-the-Spanis-42937114/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Lleidanetworks Serveis Telemàtics S A : Lleida.net  recognized for its social strength by the Spanish Institute of Analysts in its first ESG report,(marketscreener.com)   Lleida.net  recognized for its social strength by the Spanish Institute of Analysts in its first ESG report      09 Feb 2023 07:48 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   LLEIDA.NET      Madrid ...https://www.marketscree…,"Lleida.net  recognized for its social strength by the Spanish Institute of Analysts in its first ESG reportMadrid  January 10 - Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received a ""B"" rating in the sustainability  social commitment and corporate governance (ESG) report prepared for it by the Spanish Institute of Analysts as part of the Lighthouse program.The rating - the first received by a BME Growth company - recognizes the company's strength in ESG criteria and its more than 20 years of effort in becoming a benchmark in the social aspect in the places where it operates.""We are proud that no more and no less than the Spanish Institute of Analysts has endorsed our image as a socially responsible company  and committed to the society that welcomes us "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company.The rating recognizes the company's contribution to society with an AAA rating  and applauds its efforts in the area of social policies.""The Social pillar is a clear strength of Lleida.net""  the document says.Regarding corporate governance  the report highlights the ""Good governance"" and ""Transparency and fiscal responsibility""  and explains that Lleida.net operates according to ""very high standards in Commitments (ethical code  fiscal transparency policy)"".Yesterday  Lleida.net announced  precisely  the creation of a new Sustainable Development Commission.Lleida.net is the European leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  with 218 patents received from more than 64 countries worldwide.Its portfolio is one of the strongest worldwide in the industry. At this moment  more than 60 countries in five continents have granted patents  including the European Union  United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia or New Zealand.It is listed on the OTCQX index in New York  on Euronext Growth in Paris and on BME Growth in Madrid.The company's growth strategy in the countries in which it is present and those in which it plans to be in the future  includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Telemàtics S A', 'first ESG report', 'Lleida.net', 'social strength', 'Spanish Institute', 'Lleidanetworks', 'Analysts', 'new Sustainable Development Commission', 'The Social pillar', 'solid growth policy', 'first ESG report', 'fiscal transparency policy', 'Spanish listed company', 'BME Growth company', 'New Zealand', 'New York', 'internationalization policy', 'fiscal responsibility', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth strategy', 'ESG) report', 'ESG criteria', 'Spanish Institute', 'social commitment', 'social aspect', 'social policies', 'Lleida.net', 'corporate governance', 'Lighthouse program', 'Sisco Sapena', 'Good governance', 'high standards', 'ethical code', 'European leader', 'electronic signature', 'five continents', 'European Union', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'OTCQX index', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'social strength', 'responsible company', 'clear strength', 'B"" rating', 'AAA rating', 'contracting industry', 'Analysts', 'Madrid', 'LLN', 'EPA', 'sustainability', 'part', '20 years', 'effort', 'benchmark', 'places', 'image', 'society', 'CEO', 'founder', 'contribution', 'area', 'document', 'Commitments', 'creation', 'notification', '218 patents', '64 countries', 'portfolio', 'moment', '60 countries', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'Paris', 'future', 'reinforcement']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2605385/0/en/VGP-Announces-Audio-Webcast-to-Review-2022-Financial-Results.html,VGP Announces Audio Webcast to Review 2022 Financial Results,9 February 2023  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  announces the details for the audio webcast to review its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022:,English Dutch9 February 2023  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  announces the details for the audio webcast to review its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022:Thursday  23 February 2023 at 10.30 a.m. (CET)Webcast link: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vgp/20230223_1/ The link above will allow you to register for the event. The presentation can be attended from your laptop  tablet or mobile device. Audio will stream through your selected device.Please join the audio webcast 5-10 minutes prior to the start time. The financial results are scheduled to be released at approximately 7:00 a.m. (CET) on the date noted above  and presentation slides will be made available on www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/publications/ under Financial & Operating Results.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432 Anette NachbarBrunswick Group Tel: +49 152 288 10363ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP has a staff of circa 380 FTEs today and operates in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of June 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.53 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.34 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels. (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: www.vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Audio Webcast', '2022 Financial Results', 'VGP', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'integrated business model', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'value chain', 'English Dutch', 'European provider', 'high-quality logistics', 'start time', 'Operating Results', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'Investor Relations', 'Karen Huybrechts', 'Anette Nachbar', 'pan-European owner', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', '17 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'audio webcast', 'financial results', 'Webcast link', 'mobile device', 'presentation slides', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'Brunswick Group', 'VGP NV', 'February', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'year', 'Thursday', '10.30 a', 'CET', 'event', 'laptop', 'tablet', 'selected', '7:00 a', 'date', 'vgpparks', 'investors/publications', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '380 FTEs', 'June', 'company', 'ISIN', 'information', 'Attachment', '32']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VGP-NV-418007/news/VGP-Announces-Audio-Webcast-to-Review-2022-Financial-Results-42946252/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,VGP Announces Audio Webcast to Review 2022 Financial Results,(marketscreener.com) 9 February 2023  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV   a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  announces the details for the audio webcast to review its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022:  T…,9 February 2023  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’)  a European provider of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate  announces the details for the audio webcast to review its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022:Thursday  23 February 2023 at 10.30 a.m. (CET)Webcast link: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vgp/20230223_1/ The link above will allow you to register for the event. The presentation can be attended from your laptop  tablet or mobile device. Audio will stream through your selected device.Please join the audio webcast 5-10 minutes prior to the start time. The financial results are scheduled to be released at approximately 7:00 a.m. (CET) on the date noted above  and presentation slides will be made available on www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/publications/ under Financial & Operating Results.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.eu Karen Huybrechts(Head of Marketing) Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1432 Anette NachbarBrunswick Group Tel: +49 152 288 10363ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial real estate. VGP operates a fully integrated business model with capabilities and longstanding expertise across the value chain. Founded in 1998 as a Belgian family-owned real estate developer in the Czech Republic  VGP has a staff of circa 380 FTEs today and operates in 17 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of June 2022  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 6.53 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.34 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels. (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: www.vgpparks.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Audio Webcast', '2022 Financial Results', 'VGP', 'Belgian family-owned real estate developer', 'Anette Nachbar Brunswick Group', 'semi-industrial real estate', 'integrated business model', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'value chain', 'European provider', 'high-quality logistics', 'start time', 'Operating Results', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'Investor Relations', 'Karen Huybrechts', 'pan-European owner', 'longstanding expertise', 'Czech Republic', '17 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'audio webcast', 'financial results', 'Webcast link', 'mobile device', 'presentation slides', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'VGP NV', 'February', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'year', 'Thursday', '10.30 a', 'CET', 'event', 'laptop', 'tablet', 'selected', '7:00 a', 'date', 'vgpparks', 'investors/publications', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'manager', 'capabilities', 'staff', '380 FTEs', 'June', 'company', 'ISIN', 'information', 'Attachment']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604605/0/en/Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-Reports-FY-2022-Earnings.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Reports FY-2022 Earnings,Paris  Amsterdam  February 9  2023          Press release      UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2022 EARNINGS     ......,Paris  Amsterdam  February 9  2023Press releaseUNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2022 EARNINGSAdjusted Recurring EPS of €9.31 up 34.7% vs. 2021 thanks to Shopping Centres performance and strong rebound in Convention & Exhibition activityShopping Centre tenant sales and rent collection at pre-COVID levels with consistent improvement across all operating metricsStrong operational performance and continued deleveraging leading to improved credit metrics with Net Debt/EBITDA now at 9.6x – better than 2019 levels2023 AREPS forecasted to be in the range of €9.30 to €9.5012022 in review:Tenant sales reached 103% of 2019 levels  with Europe 2 at 100% and the US at 108% of 2019 levelsat 100% and the US at 108% of 2019 levels Rent collection at 97%  in line with 2019 levelsShopping Centre vacancy at 6.5% (June 2021: 8.9%  December 2019: 5.4%)€441 Mn of Minimum Guaranteed Rent (MGR) signed (+26% vs. 2021  +14% vs. 2019)  at uplift of +6.2% including +14.4% on long-term deals51% increase in Commercial Partnerships revenues 3 to €175 Mn (2021: €116 Mn) – with strong growth in European advertising  brand and data activities (2022 net margin: €46 Mn  2021: €30 Mn)to €175 Mn (2021: €116 Mn) – with strong growth in European advertising  brand and data activities (2022 net margin: €46 Mn  2021: €30 Mn) Recovery of Convention & Exhibition Net Operating Income at €190 Mn (2021: €55 Mn  2018: €165 Mn)Offices & Others Net Rental Income of €70 Mn  up +23.2% on like-for-like basis  reflecting leasing progress at Trinity2022 EBITDA +30% at €2 209 Mn (2021: €1 697 Mn)€2.8 Bn of disposal transactions in 2022 with €1.6 Bn for Europe and €1.2 Bn for the US2022 IFRS Net Financial Debt reduced by -€1.9 Bn to €20.7 Bn and fully hedged against interest rates increases for the coming yearsRefinancing needs secured for the next 36 months with €13.0 Bn 4 of cash on hand and available facilitiesof cash on hand and available facilities Successful delivery of Les Ateliers Gaîté (Paris)  “Rue de la Boucle” at Westfield Forum des Halles (Paris)  Westfield Topanga extension (Los Angeles) and the first phase of Coppermaker Square residential (London)2023 AREPS guidance of €9.30 to €9.50 reflects consistent underlying operational performanceCommenting on the results  Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer  said:“URW achieved excellent financial results in 2022  confirming the end of any COVID effect on our business. In particular  tenant sales and rent collection returned to pre-pandemic levels and we delivered consistent improvement in operating metrics across all regions.Our proactive leasing strategy yielded a higher proportion of longer-term leases at increased rents while we also benefitted from Sales Based Rents and the positive impact of indexation. In 2023  we will perform as retailers and brands optimise their store networks with us  with a focus on the most productive stores in prime locations as part of their drive-to-store strategies.Strong growth in Commercial Partnerships revenues clearly demonstrated the opportunity to generate new revenues from qualifying the audience of visitors to our centres  especially in Europe where we launched Westfield Rise  an in-house media advertising agency.Higher earnings  combined with a -€1.9 Bn debt reduction thanks to disposals in the US and Europe  translated into enhanced credit metrics. The Group’s robust operational performance and strong liquidity position allows us to progress our deleveraging programme in a timely and orderly manner  including the radical reduction of our US financial exposure.The Group is on track to deliver its “2024 and beyond” strategy  which includes maximising asset value through the disciplined delivery of our committed pipeline and unlocking new development opportunities  with a focus on urban regeneration and environmental transition projects.”FY-2022 FY-2021 Growth Like-for-like growth5 Net Rental Income (in € Mn) 2 226 1 724 29.1% 27.4%6 Shopping Centres 2 024 1 632 24.0% 21.5%7 Offices & Others 70 60 16.0% 23.2% Convention & Exhibition 132 32 n.m. n.m. EBITDA (in € Mn) 2 209 1 697 30.2% Recurring net result (in € Mn) 1 339 1 005 33.2% Recurring EPS (in €) 9.66 7.26 33.1% Adjusted Recurring EPS (in €) 9.31 6.91 34.7% Dec. 31  2022 Dec. 31  2021 Growth Like-for-like growth Proportionate portfolio valuation (in € Mn) 52 250 54 473 -4.1% -2.7% EPRA Net Reinstatement Value (in € per stapled share) 155.70 159.60 -2.4%Figures may not add up due to rounding2022 A REPS : € 9.3 1Reported AREPS amounted to €9.31  up +34.7% compared to 2021  mainly driven by strong Shopping Centre operational performance (including the end of COVID-19 rent relief  lower doubtful debtors and higher variable income)  the recovery of the C&E division and the delivery of projects  partly offset by disposals  increase in financial expenses and taxes. Rebasing both periods for the COVID-19 rent relief  the AREPS would have increased by +13.0%.OPERATING PERFORMANCEShopping CentresLike-for-like shopping centre NRI was up by +21.5%8 for the Group  and by +25.4% in Continental Europe  and up +12.0%8 in the US and +21.4% in the UK. All regions benefitted from higher variable income and lower doubtful debtors due to higher rent collection including 2021 rents. Performance in Continental Europe was also positively impacted by the end of COVID-19 rent discounts as well as indexation  and in the UK by lower rent relief and higher Sales Based Rents (SBR). The US benefitted from higher SBR  parking income and Commercial Partnerships  partly offset by negative MGR uplifts on short-term deals. Excluding the impact of COVID-19 rent relief  the like-for-like NRI growth would be +7.8% for the Group.2022 tenant sales9 were at 103% of 2019 levels  including 101% in Continental Europe  96% in the UK and 108% in the US  and footfall10 was at 90% of 2019 levels  including 88% in Continental Europe  89% in the UK and 94% in the US (96% excluding Westfield World Trade Center and Westfield San Francisco Centre in which footfall remains affected by work-from-home trends). Footfall is expected to continue to grow as vacancy decreases.In H2-2022  European tenant sales reached 102% of 2019 levels (vs. 98% in H1-2022). Sales performance in 2022 differed by sector in Europe. In particular  Health and Beauty was +11%  Sports +15%  while Fashion -5% and Entertainment -12% vs. 2019 levels. Entertainment saw an improvement from -14% in H1 to -10% in H2 and Fashion from -7% to -2%.In the US  tenant sales have consistently outperformed pre-COVID levels since H1-2021. Overall  2022 sales came to 108% of 2019 levels driven by Flagship assets at 117%  Regionals at 100% and partly offset by the Central Business District (“CBD”)11 assets at 74%. The strong growth continued to be broad-based with almost all categories performing above 2019 levels  such as Luxury (+83%)  Home (+37%)  F&B (+10%) and Fashion (+3%). Entertainment saw an improvement from -25% in H1 to -12% in H2.Rent collection12 amounted to 97% for 2022 (vs. 88% at FY-2021 and 96% in H1-2022)  including 97% in Continental Europe  99% in the UK and 97% in the US  returning to pre-COVID levels. The Group continued to collect 2021 rents  leading to an improvement of 2021 rent collection from 88% to 93% between February 2022 and December 2022.URW signed €441 Mn of MGR13 during 2022 (+26% compared to 2021) with an MGR uplift of +6.2% (vs. -5.2% in 2021). As market conditions improved  the proportion of long-term deals signed also increased from 61% of MGR signed in 2021 to 68% in 2022. The MGR uplift for leases longer than 36 months came to +14.4% for the Group  with Continental Europe at +8.9%  the UK at +3.6% and the US at +36.0%.SBR14  which are mainly generated in the US  increased to €123.6 Mn in 2022 (6.1% of NRI) from €80.2 Mn in 2021 (5.0% of NRI) of which €77.7 Mn was for the US and €45.9 Mn for Europe.Vacancy for Shopping Centres at a Group level decreased significantly to 6.5% at FY-2022  down from 8.9% at H1-2021 and 7.0% at FY-2021. In Continental Europe  vacancy was 3.1%  down from 4.0% in December 2021 and 5.0% in June 2021. In the UK  vacancy also decreased from 12.2% in June 2021 and 10.6% in December 2021 to 9.4% at FY-2022. In the US  the vacancy reduced to 10.4% at FY-2022 from 14.0% in June 2021 and 11.0% at FY-2021  with vacancy decreasing by -110 bps year-on-year to 8.2% in the Flagships.Indexation and inflationURW rents are indexed on a yearly basis in Continental Europe. 2022 indexation contribution to like-for-like retail NRI performance in Continental Europe was +3.6%  reflecting 2021 inflation due to the usual time lag between contractual indexation and inflation. In the UK and the US  leases are not tied to actual CPI figures but the Group benefitted from inflation through SBR.Commercial PartnershipsRevenue from Commercial Partnerships15 increased from €76.2 Mn in 2021 to €115.5 Mn in 2022  driven in part by the launch in Europe of Westfield Rise  an in-house media  brand experience and data partnerships agency.Total Westfield Rise activity in Europe amounted to €45.5 Mn in net margin at 100% share in 2022  up +23% compared to 2019 (and +52% compared to 202116). This new division (for which figures are reported at 100%) will generate €75 Mn16 in annual net margin by 2024  a +€45 Mn increase compared to 2021  with strong potential growth beyond 2024.Offices & OthersOffice NRI increased by +16.0%  primarily as a result of deliveries of Pullman Montparnasse and Gaîté Montparnasse offices  partly offset by 2021 and 2022 disposals  especially Solna Centrum. On a like-for-like basis  office NRI increased by +23.2%  with +44.2% in France  mainly due to leasing activity at Trinity in La Défense  now 74% let.Two new leases (Santarelli and Alain Afflelou) were signed for Trinity in 2022 at an average rent of c. €567/sqm17  with lease incentives below the market average. In addition  33 100 sqm were leased on projects  including Lightwell in La Défense (80% pre-let) and Westfield Hamburg offices (29% pre-let)  both due to be delivered in 2024.Convention & ExhibitionIn 2022  Viparis hosted 617 events (including 189 exhibitions  75 congresses and 353 corporate events) compared to 236 events in 2020 and 721 events in 2018.Convention & Exhibition recurring NOI amounted to €190.2 Mn compared to €55.2 Mn in 2021 and €164.7 Mn in 2018. This includes the €25 Mn contribution from the French State to compensate closure periods in earlier years. Restated from this and triennial shows (held in 2018 and 2022)  the NOI is slightly above 2018  due to the strong recovery of activity and the shift of certain biannual shows  despite the remaining impact of COVID-19 in the first quarter.As at January 31  2023  signed and pre-booked events in Viparis venues for 2023 amounted to 86%18 of 2019 pre-bookings  the last comparable year.D ISPOSALSIn total  the Group completed disposals in Europe and in the US that represents €1.8 Bn of IFRS net debt reduction.In Europe  URW completed disposals in 2022 that represents a €1.2 Bn of IFRS net debt reduction at an average NIY of 5.5% and an average premium to last unaffected book value of +2.7%. Deals completed include the disposal of Solna Centrum (Stockholm region)  the building rights for two residential buildings at Westfield Hamburg (Hamburg)  a 45% interest in Westfield Carré Sénart (Paris region)  Gera Arcaden (Gera)  Almere Centrum (Amsterdam region)  Carré Sénart Shopping Parc (Paris region) and Villeneuve 2 (Lille region). In addition  URW’s partner in Aupark exercised its call option for the acquisition of an additional 27% stake.In total  URW has now reached €3.2 Bn19 of its €4.0 Bn European disposals programme representing 80%  at an average NIY of 4.9% (including 5.4% for the Shopping Centres and 3.9% for the Offices & Others)  a premium to the last unaffected appraisal of +4.9% (including +1.3% for the Shopping Centres and +12.3% for the Offices & Others). The Group expects to complete the European disposals programme during 2023.URW will continue the asset and property management for several of the assets sold  including Aupark  Westfield Carré Sénart  Gera Arcaden and Carré Sénart Shopping Parc  allowing the Group to earn management fees and consequently increase the return on investment for those assets.In the US  the Group also continued efforts to streamline its US Regional portfolio with the completion in 2022 of a total of $0.6 Bn of disposals20. These include the disposals of the Promenade development parcel in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles  Westfield Santa Anita  The Village at Topanga  as well as Westfield Trumbull and Westfield South Shore. These transactions were completed at a discount of -0.5% to 2021 book value. Together with the disposal of the Palisade residential building and the ownership transfer of five other regional properties in 2021  URW has made $1.3 Bn in total proceeds to date from the planned radical reduction of its financial exposure to the US.In 2023  the Group will continue to streamline its remaining US Regional asset portfolio. URW is committed to the radical reduction of its financial exposure to the US  a process that is supported by the strong operational performance of the assets and the Group’s liquidity position.DELIVERIES & PIPELINEThe Total Investment Cost (TIC)21 of URW’s development pipeline decreased by -€0.1 Bn to €3.1 Bn  compared to December 31  2021  mainly as a result of the delivery of projects  representing €0.4 Bn  new projects and increasing costs.In 2022  the Group delivered the 19 439 sqm Westfield Topanga extension  “Rue de la Boucle”  a 10 000 sqm destination at Westfield Forum des Halles  the Gaîté Montparnasse Office project as well as Les Ateliers Gaîté shopping centre (33 364 sqm) to complete the Gaîté Montparnasse mixed-use complex  one of the most ambitious and largest urban regeneration projects in Paris. The average letting22 of these deliveries stands at 88% as at December 31  2022.Committed projects amount to €2.4 Bn  of which €1.2 Bn has already been invested. The two main projects are the mixed used development in Hamburg (Westfield Hamburg-Überseequartier) and the residential project of Coppermaker Square.In 2023  URW plans to deliver the Garbera shopping centre extension project  Coppermaker Square Retail (a leisure development adjacent to Westfield Stratford City)  the renovation project of the Westfield Les 4 Temps main plaza “La Clairière”  CNIT Eole  a redevelopment at the CNIT shopping centre  and Fisketorvet dining area. The average pre-letting22 of these projects stands at 81%.VALUATIONThe proportionate Gross Market Value (GMV) of the Group’s assets as at December 31  2022  decreased by-4.1% to €52.2 Bn from €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  mainly as a result of disposals (-€1.8 Bn) and a like-for-like portfolio revaluation of -€1.3 Bn (-2.7%)  partly offset by CAPEX  Acquisitions and Transfers (+€0.9 Bn) and positive FX moves (+€0.4 Bn). The like-for-like shopping centres valuation was -2.6% for 2022 including-2.3% in H2 as appraisers increased their assumption of discount and exit cap rates.The EPRA Net Reinstatement Value per share came to €155.70 as at December 31  2022  down -€3.90 (-2.4%) compared to December 31  2021  mainly driven by the revaluation of investment properties  partly offset by the retained recurring results.FINANCIAL RESOURCESAs at December 31  2022  the Group’s IFRS net financial debt decreased to €20.7 Bn (from €22.6 Bn as at December 31  2021) mainly driven by the disposals completed in 2022.The Group’s credit metrics improved over the period supported by strong operational performance and deleveraging progress. URW’s Loan-to-Value (LTV) ratio23 decreased to 41.2% (vs. 43.3% as at December 31  2021)  Net debt/EBITDA24 ratio decreased to 9.6x (vs. 13.7x in 2021)  below its 2019 level (9.9x)  the Interest Coverage Ratio (ICR) increased to 4.2x (vs. 3.3x in 2021)  and Funds from Operations to Net Financial Debt (FFO/NFD) ratio improved to 7.6% (vs. 5.0% in 2021).Over 2022  URW further strengthened its liquidity position by raising €1 332 Mn (€1 682 Mn on a proportionate basis) of medium to long-term funds25 in the mortgage and corporate bank debt market  out of which €900 Mn (€1 250 Mn on a proportionate basis) is sustainability-linked.The Group’s liquidity position increased by ca. +€0.9 Bn over the year to reach €13.0 Bn and €13.2 Bn on a proportionate basis including €3.3 Bn of cash on hand26 (vs. €2.3 Bn as at December 31  2021)  allowing the Group to fully secure its debt maturities for the next 36 months.Regarding the €1.25 Bn perpetual non-call 2023 hybrid  the terms and conditions of the instrument provide for the issuer a call option27 in 2023  and annually thereafter.The decision regarding this call will be made ahead of its First Reset Date28 (i.e. October 25  2023).The Group’s average debt maturity29 stood at 8.3 years.The Group’s average cost of debt remained stable at 2.0%  representing a blended average cost of 1.5% for Euro30 denominated debt and 3.8% for USD and GBP denominated debt  thanks to both the Group’s hedging instruments in place limiting the impact of rates increases and to positive cash deposit rates.The Group’s debt is fully hedged for 2023 and the following years  limiting the impact of any rates increase on the Group’s financial expenses for 2023.ESG2022 marks another year of ESG progress for the Group under its Better Places 2030 strategy. Having achieved a -17% reduction of energy intensity since 2015 in Europe  URW set an additional target to reduce its energy intensity by -15% in 2022 compared to 2019 in Europe to support national and European efforts to address the energy crisis. Thanks to a range of proactive measures  URW was able to outperform this target  reaching -19.8%  supporting both governments efforts and mitigating costs impacts for tenants.URW is on track to meet all Better Places 2030 targets  including cutting carbon emissions by 50% between 2015 and 2030. The Group is committed to contribute to global carbon neutrality and will present a step-change update to its plan in autumn 2023  with a view to establishing new commitments.The Group’s CSR agenda was recognised by equity and debt investors as a value creation driver for its stakeholders. In 2022  URW inclusion in the main ESG indices was confirmed and the Group’s sustainability achievements were registered in ratings and awards.2023 GUIDANCEThanks to the improvement in 2022 operating performance  higher indexation  the positioning of the Group on prime and well-located assets  and retailers’ drive-to-store strategies  as well as deleveraging progress  URW is well-positioned to continue to perform in what is expected to remain an uncertain macro environment in 2023.In this context  the Group forecasts its 2023 AREPS to be in the range of €9.30 to €9.50. The main drivers of this guidance are:Consistent performance in our retail operations versus 2022 with inflation protection through indexation and SBR;The impact of large event scheduling changes in 2022  leading to a naturally lower Convention & Exhibition activity in 2023;Full-year effect of 2022 disposals  impact of US regional streamlining and the European disposal programme;Contribution of 2022 and 2023 project deliveries;Stable cost of funding thanks to Group’s hedging programme;FX impact with the strengthening of the Euro vs. USD.This guidance does not include major disposals in the US in the context of the radical reduction of its financial exposure.The Group assumes no major energy-related restrictions  nor major deterioration to the macro-economic and geopolitical environment.DIVIDENDComplying with the deleveraging commitments made in 2021  the Group will not pay a dividend for fiscal year 2022.Given the statutory results of URW SE in 2022 (+€90 Mn in 2022 and cumulated negative retained earnings of -€2 341 Mn)  the Group has no obligation to pay a dividend in 2023 for the fiscal year 2022 under the SIIC regime and other REIT regimes it benefits from. Consequently  URW SE’s total carry forward SIIC distribution obligation  standing at €1 720 Mn as at December 31  2022  will be delayed until URW SE has sufficient statutory results to meet this obligation. These statutory results do not prevent URW SE from making distributions out of its premium.EURONEXT LISTINGThe Group started discussions with Euronext in order to change its market of reference from Euronext Amsterdam to Euronext Paris as part of an initiative to simplify its structure given limited trading activity on that market. As a part of this request  the Group intends to delist the URW Stapled Shares from Euronext Amsterdam  while maintaining a single listing on Euronext Paris. The delisting from Euronext Amsterdam would not affect the liquidity of the shares nor have any impact on trading  URW’s organisation (including the stapled share principle) or the ISIN code (FR0013326246) of the Group.Subject to approval by the Euronext Listing Board  the Group expects these changes to be effective by the end of April 2023.Further information regarding this process will be communicated as appropriate.FINANCIAL SCHEDULEThe next financial events on the Group’s calendar will be:April 26  2023: Q1 trading updateMay 10  2023: AGM Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEJuly 27  2023: H1-2023 resultsFor further information  please contact:Investor RelationsAudrey Arnoux+33 6 61 27 07 39Audrey.Arnoux@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frUnited States:Molly Morse – Kekst CNC+ 1 212 521 4826Molly.Morse@kekstcnc.comAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 45 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.com1 Please refer to the guidance in page ix for further detail.2 Incorporates Continental Europe and UK.3 At 100%.4 On an IFRS basis.5 Like-for-like NRI: Net Rental Income excluding acquisitions  divestments  transfers to and from pipeline (extensions  brownfields or redevelopment of an asset when operations are stopped to enable works)  all other changes resulting in any change to square metres and currency exchange rate differences in the periods analysed.6 Including airports.7 Excluding airports.8 Excluding airports.9 Tenant sales for all centres (except The Netherlands) in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Westfield La Part-Dieu  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT  Gropius Passagen and Garbera) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding El Corte Inglés sales from Westfield Parquesur and La Vaguada  excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Auto category for Europe and Auto and Department Stores for the US. In addition  sales have been restated from the disposals occurred during the year. H2 figures are based on the scope of assets in operation over the full year. H1 figures have been restated accordingly.10 Footfall for all centres in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Westfield La Part-Dieu  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT  Gropius Passagen  Garbera and Westfield Mall of the Netherlands) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  and excluding in the US  the centres for which no comparable data of the previous year is available. In addition  footfall has been restated from the disposals occurred during the year. H2 figures are based on the scope of assets in operation over the full year. H1 figures have been restated accordingly.11 Westfield World Trade Center and Westfield San Francisco Centre.12 For the Shopping Centre division  including service charges  as at February 2  2023.13 All letting figures exclude deals <12 months.14 Excluding airports.15 Group figure (Europe and US) on a proportionate basis. Commercial Partnerships includes both the new Media  Brand & Data Partnerships division presented during the Investor Day in March 2022 and now called “Westfield Rise”  as well as kiosks  seasonal markets  pop-ups  and car park activations (“Specialty leasing & other income”).16 As published at the Investor Day.17 Average weighted face rent excluding Welkin & Meraki floors (flex space operator) with SBR.18 In number of events.19 IFRS net debt reduction. €3.1 Bn on a proportionate basis.20 IFRS net debt reduction. $0.7 Bn on a proportionate basis.21 URW Total Investment Cost (TIC) equals 100% TIC multiplied by URW's percentage stake in the project  adjusted by specific own costs and income  if any. 100% TIC is expressed in value at completion. It equals the sum of: (i) all capital expenditures from the start of the project to the completion date and includes: land costs  construction costs  study costs  design costs  technical fees  tenant fitting-out costs paid for by the Group  letting fees and related costs  eviction costs and vacancy costs for renovations or redevelopments of standing assets; and (ii) opening marketing expenses. It excludes: (i) step rents and rent-free periods; (ii) capitalised financial interests; (iii) overhead costs; (iv) early or lost Net Rental Income; and (v) IFRS adjustments.22 GLA signed  all agreed to be signed and financials agreed.23 Including the hybrids  the LTV would be 45.2% (46.7% on a proportionate basis).24 On an IFRS basis and on last 12 months basis.25 Including credit facility renewals.26 €3.5 Bn on a proportionate basis.27 On any day in the period starting on and including the 90th calendar day prior to the First Reset Date (i.e. October 25  2023).28 With the Reset Rate of Interest being equal to the sum of the 5-Year Euro Mid Swaps as at October 23  2023 and the Relevant Margin (i.e. 1.675% until October 24  2028).29 Considering the undrawn credit lines (subject to covenants) and cash on hand.30 Including SEK.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.02,True,English,"['Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Reports', 'strong Shopping Centre operational performance', 'Les Ateliers Gaîté', 'Rue de la Boucle', 'Westfield Forum des Halles', 'growth5 Net Rental Income', 'house media advertising agency', 'IFRS Net Financial Debt', 'EPRA Net Reinstatement Value', 'consistent underlying operational performance', 'Others Net Rental Income', 'Shopping Centre tenant sales', 'OPERATING PERFORMANCE Shopping Centres', 'robust operational performance', 'Strong operational performance', 'Shopping Centre vacancy', 'Net Operating Income', 'Shopping Centres performance', 'interest rates increases', 'Westfield Topanga extension', 'Coppermaker Square residential', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Proportionate portfolio valuation', 'lower doubtful debtors', 'C&E division', 'higher variable income', 'strong liquidity position', 'Commercial Partnerships revenues', 'Minimum Guaranteed Rent', 'new development opportunities', 'Recurring net result', 'COVID-19 rent relief', 'excellent financial results', 'proactive leasing strategy', 'environmental transition projects', 'Sales Based Rents', 'US financial exposure', '6 Shopping Centres', 'Net Debt/EBITDA', '22 net margin', 'new revenues', 'Westfield Rise', 'asset value', 'financial expenses', 'operating metrics', 'strong rebound', 'consistent improvement', 'European advertising', 'rent collection', 'higher proportion', 'Higher earnings', 'Recurring EPS', 'strong growth', 'Press release', 'UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS', 'continued deleveraging', 'credit metrics', 'long-term deals', 'data activities', 'disposal transactions', 'coming years', 'Refinancing needs', 'next 36 months', 'available facilities', 'Los Angeles', 'first phase', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'COVID effect', 'longer-term leases', 'positive impact', 'store networks', 'productive stores', 'prime locations', 'store strategies', 'The Group', 'deleveraging programme', 'orderly manner', 'radical reduction', 'committed pipeline', 'urban regeneration', 'stapled share', 'Successful delivery', 'disciplined delivery', 'Exhibition activity', 'pre-COVID levels', 'pandemic levels', '2023 AREPS guidance', '2019 levels', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'February', 'Convention', 'range', 'review', 'June', 'December', '441 Mn', 'MGR', 'uplift', '51% increase', 'brand', 'Recovery', 'Offices', 'basis', 'progress', 'Trinity', '2022 EBITDA', '8 Bn', '€13.0 Bn', 'cash', 'hand', 'London', 'URW', 'end', 'business', 'regions', 'indexation', 'retailers', 'focus', 'drive', 'opportunity', 'audience', 'visitors', 'disposals', 'enhanced', 'timely', 'track', 'Figures', 'rounding', 'taxes', 'periods', 'NRI', '2024']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Q1-2022-2023-growth-42936995/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Vente-unique.com :  Q1 2022-2023 growth,(marketscreener.com)  Gross merchandise volume of €47.0m  up 5.0%;Consolidated revenues up 3.0% to €38.8m;Satisfactory launch of marketplace in France and successful consolidation of third-party logistics business.9 February 2023. Vente-Unique.com  a Eu…,"Gross merchandise volume of €47.0m  up 5.0%;Consolidated revenues up 3.0% to €38.8m;Satisfactory launch of marketplace in France and successful consolidation of third-party logistics business.9 February 2023. Vente-Unique.com  a European specialist in online furniture and home décor sales  today announces its unaudited revenues for the first quarter of its 2022-2023 financial year (from 1 October to 31 December 2022). Following the integration of the logistics activities on 1 October 2022 and the launch of its marketplace  the company presents for the first time a consolidated turnover and global business volume.IFRS (€000) Q1 2021-2022 Q1 2022-2023 Change Gross merchandise volume[1] 44 738 46 968 +5.0% Revenues 37 621 38 754 +3.0% E-commerce[2] 37 621 36 809 -2.2% Logistics[3] - 1 945 -Vente-Unique.com started the year with a gross merchandise volume (GMV) of €47.0 million  up 5.0% versus the first quarter of the previous year driven by the satisfactory launch of the marketplace in France. Consolidated revenues totalled €38.8 million  up 3.0%  including marketplace fees and initial revenues from the third-party logistics business.The Group thus confirmed its ability to leverage strategic growth drivers while acting to restore e-commerce margins.Priority assigned to restoring e-commerce marginsIFRS (€000) Q1 2021-2022 Q1 2022-2023 Change E-commerce revenues 37 621 36 809 -2.2% France 19 979 19 064 -4.6% Northern and Eastern Europe[4] 11 713 12 161 +3.8% Southern Europe[5] 5 930 5 584 -5.8%Vente-Unique.com e-commerce revenues dipped 2.2% to €36.8 million with varying performances depending on the country. After a 2021-2022 second half marked by strong pressure on sales margins (transport inflation and strengthening of USD)  priority at the start of the new financial year has been assigned to improving profitability by adjusting pricing policy and keeping marketing expenses under control.Lastly  the international market accounted for 48% of total e-commerce revenues (up 1 percentage point versus Q1 2021-2022 )  while France accounted for 52% (down 1 percentage point). In accordance with the roadmap  the international roll-out of the marketplace has been launched in the second quarter of 2022-2023  focusing on Southern Europe.Initial revenues from logistics servicesThe start of the year was primarily marked by the consolidation of the third-party logistics business on 1 October 2022 resulting from the acquisition of the Distri Service business. The new business generated additional revenues of €1.9 million and is expected to be a powerful growth driver in the future  working in synergy with the marketplace ramp-up and contributing to overall Group profitability.Outlook confirmedAt the end of Q1 2022-2023  Vente-Unique.com confirms its goal of gradually returning to strong growth over the current financial year and improving its earnings through continued tight management of sales margins  operating expenses and capital expenditure.Next publication: H1 2022-2023 revenues  Thursday  11 May 2023Read more on bourse.vente-unique.comÀ propos de Vente-unique.comCréé en 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth – ALVU)  filiale du Groupe CAFOM (Euronext – CAFO)  est un expert de la vente en ligne de mobilier et aménagement de la maison en Europe. La société couvre 11 pays (France  Allemagne  Autriche  Belgique  Espagne  Italie  Luxembourg  Pays-Bas  Pologne  Portugal et Suisse) et a livré plus de 2 millions de clients depuis son lancement. En 2022  Vente-unique.com a réalisé un chiffre d'affaires de 143 M€.ACTUS finance & communication Jérôme Fabreguettes-Leib Déborah Schwartz Relations Investisseurs Relations Presse vente-unique@actus.fr dschwartz@actus.fr 01 53 67 36 78 01 53 67 36 35[1] Gross value  including taxes  of products and services sold  including direct product sales recognised at the date of shipment  marketplace sales recognised at the order confirmation date and other invoiced services and revenues[2] Direct product sales + marketplace fees[3] BtoB logistics services invoiced by the new subsidiary resulting from the acquisition of the Distri Service business on 1 October 2022[4] Austria + Belgium + Germany + Luxembourg + Netherlands + Poland + Switzerland[5] Italy + Portugal + SpainThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yG9xZsVpYWqcmm+elpdmb2mWbGmXlGTFZ2acyWNxl5qWb56TlG1oZ8aXZnBpmW1r- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78485-vu_cp_ca_t1_2022-2023_en_vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['Q1', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes-Leib Déborah Schwartz Relations Investisseurs Relations Presse', 'home décor sales', 'First quarter financial report', 'Quarterly financial reporting', 'original press release', 'global business volume', 'Distri Service business', 'Gross merchandise volume', 'direct product sales', 'strategic growth drivers', '2021-2022 second half', 'powerful growth driver', 'next press releases', '2022-2023 financial year', 'current financial year', 'third-party logistics business', 'other invoiced services', 'order confirmation date', 'new financial year', 'BtoB logistics services', 'total e-commerce revenues', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Change E-commerce revenues', 'new business', 'second quarter', 'Gross value', 'sales margins', 'first time', 'strong growth', 'logistics activities', 'new subsidiary', 'e-commerce margins', 'previous year', 'marketplace sales', 'Consolidated revenues', 'European specialist', 'online furniture', 'unaudited revenues', 'consolidated turnover', 'initial revenues', 'The Group', 'varying performances', 'strong pressure', 'transport inflation', 'pricing policy', 'marketing expenses', 'international market', '1 percentage point', 'international roll-out', 'additional revenues', 'tight management', 'operating expenses', 'capital expenditure', 'Next publication', 'Euronext Growth', 'Groupe CAFOM', 'société', 'ACTUS finance', 'Regulated information', 'Vente-Unique.com', 'Eastern Europe', 'Southern Europe', 'Satisfactory launch', 'successful consolidation', 'marketplace fees', 'marketplace ramp', 'Group profitability', 'France', '9 February', '1 October', '31 December', 'integration', 'company', 'IFRS', 'GMV', 'Priority', 'Northern', 'country', 'strengthening', 'USD', 'start', 'control', 'Q1', 'accordance', 'roadmap', 'acquisition', 'future', 'synergy', 'overall', 'Outlook', 'goal', 'earnings', 'continued', 'H1', 'Thursday', 'May', 'bourse', 'ALVU', 'filiale', 'expert', 'ligne', 'mobilier', 'maison', '11 pays', 'Allemagne', 'Autriche', 'Belgique', 'Espagne', 'Italie', 'Luxembourg', 'Pays-Bas', 'Pologne', 'Portugal', 'Suisse', '2 millions', 'clients', 'lancement', 'chiffre', 'affaires', 'communication', 'taxes', 'products', 'shipment', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Switzerland', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORPEA-4799/news/ORPEA-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-42937965/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,ORPEA : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)    Press release     Puteaux  France  9 February 2023    DOWNWARDS THRESHOLDS CROSSING BY CPPIB   ORPEA S.A. has been notified that the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board has crossed downwards the legal thresholds of 20%…,"Puteaux  France  9 February 2023 (8:00 a.m. CET)DOWNWARDS THRESHOLDS CROSSING BY CPPIBORPEA S.A. (the ""Company"") has been notified that the Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board (""CPPIB"") has crossed downwards the legal thresholds of (i) 20% and 15% of the voting rights  (ii) 10% of the share capital and voting rights and (iii) 5% of the share capital of the Company  following the sale on the market by CPPIB of 7 424 188 ORPEA shares  between 2 February and 7 February 2023.Following this sale  CPPIB (which held 14.50% of the share capital and 24.16% of the voting rights of the Company) holds 1 950 000 ORPEA shares  representing 3.01% of the share capital and 5.02% of the voting rights of the Company.About ORPEAORPEA is a leading global player  expert in the care of all types of frailty. The Group operates in 22 countries and covers three core businesses: care for the elderly (nursing homes  assisted living  home care)  post-acute and rehabilitation care and mental health care (specialized clinics). It has more than 72 000 employees and welcomes more than 255 000 patients and residents each year.https://www.orpea-group.com/en/ORPEA is listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0000184798) and is a member of the SBF 120  STOXX 600 Europe  MSCI Small Cap Europe and CAC Mid 60 indices.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Inside Information', 'ORPEA', 'Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board', 'MSCI Small Cap Europe', 'leading global player', 'three core businesses', 'CAC Mid 60 indices', 'DOWNWARDS THRESHOLDS CROSSING', 'mental health care', 'ORPEA S.A.', 'legal thresholds', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'The Group', 'nursing homes', 'assisted living', 'Euronext Paris', 'home care', 'rehabilitation care', '7,424,188 ORPEA shares', '1,950,000 ORPEA shares', '600 Europe', 'Puteaux', 'France', '9 February', 'CPPIB', 'Company', 'sale', 'market', '2 February', '7 February', 'expert', 'types', 'frailty', '22 countries', 'elderly', 'post-acute', 'specialized', 'clinics', '72,000 employees', '255,000 patients', 'residents', 'orpea-group', 'member', 'SBF 120']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TERNA-S-P-A-135034/news/Terna-S-p-A-first-electric-company-in-the-world-in-the-S-P-Sustainability-Yearbook-2023-42938788/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Terna S p A : first electric company in the world in the S&P Sustainability Yearbook 2023,(marketscreener.com)   TERNA FIRST ELECTRIC COMPANY IN THE WORLD IN THE   S&P SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK 2023   With a score of 91 out of 100  it is the best company out of the 250 global electricity utilities   evaluated in the S&P Global's 'Corporat…,"TERNA FIRST ELECTRIC COMPANY IN THE WORLD IN THES&P SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK 2023With a score of 91 out of 100  it is the best company out of the 250 global electricity utilitiesevaluated in the S&P Global's 'Corporate Sustainability Assessment 2022'Terna receives the highest recognition in the Sustainability Yearbook for the eighth time in 14years of continuous inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability IndexRome  9 February 2023 - Terna is once again confirmed at the top for global sustainability. The company led by Stefano Donnarumma is among the 'Top 1%'  the highest tier in the Sustainability Yearbook 2023  the leading industry publication from S&P Global  an international ratings agency that evaluated the ESG performance of over 7 800 companies worldwide. The excellent score of 91 out of 100 awarded by S&P Global in its Corporate Sustainability Assessment 2022 makes Terna the highest scoring company out of the 250 electricity utility companies analysed around the world  which averaged a score of 50 points.The company that operates the Italian National Transmission Grid received the highest recognition in the Sustainability Yearbook for the eighth time in fourteen years of being included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.This international recognition solidifies Terna's role as director and enabler of the energy transition towards an increasingly sustainable  secure and resilient electricity grid. Sustainability is a strategic driver and one of the pillars of Terna's operations. Of the approximately € 10 billion in overall investments that the transmission grid operator has earmarked in the updated version of the 2021- 2025 ""Driving Energy"" Industrial Plan  99% are considered sustainable based on the eligibility criterion introduced by the European Taxonomy.S&P Global's evaluation is based on strict economic  environmental  and social criteria spanning all ESG areas: environmental impact  community relations  management of human resources  workplace safety  stakeholder engagement  corporate governance  risk management  respect for human rights  and supply chain controls.Terna's leadership in sustainability  assessed as a top performer by the main ESG rating agencies  is also evidenced by the company's inclusion in several main ESG indices besides the Dow Jones Sustainability Index  namely the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  ECPI  Euronext Vigeo-Eiris  FTSE4Good  the GLIO/GRESB ESG Index  the MIB 40 ESG  the MSCI  S&P Global 1200 ESG  and Stoxx Global ESG Leaders.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['S&P Sustainability Yearbook', 'first electric company', 'Terna S', 'world', '2021- 2025 ""Driving Energy"" Industrial Plan', 'Bloomberg Gender Equality Index', 'main ESG rating agencies', 'several main ESG indices', 'Italian National Transmission Grid', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index', 'Stoxx Global ESG Leaders', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG', 'TERNA FIRST ELECTRIC COMPANY', 'GLIO/GRESB ESG Index', 'transmission grid operator', 'resilient electricity grid', '250 global electricity utilities', 'leading industry publication', 'supply chain controls', 'S&P SUSTAINABILITY', 'international ratings agency', 'Corporate Sustainability Assessment', '250 electricity utility companies', 'global sustainability', 'energy transition', 'ESG performance', 'ESG areas', 'MIB 40 ESG', 'corporate governance', 'Sustainability Yearbook', 'international recognition', 'highest recognition', 'eighth time', 'Stefano Donnarumma', 'highest tier', 'sustainable, secure', 'strategic driver', 'overall investments', 'eligibility criterion', 'European Taxonomy', 'social criteria', 'environmental impact', 'community relations', 'human resources', 'workplace safety', 'stakeholder engagement', 'human rights', 'Euronext Vigeo-Eiris', 'best company', 'scoring company', 'continuous inclusion', 'fourteen years', 'risk management', 'top performer', 'excellent score', '7,800 companies', '14 years', 'THE', 'WORLD', 'Rome', '50 points', 'role', 'director', 'enabler', 'pillars', 'operations', 'version', 'evaluation', 'respect', 'leadership', 'ECPI', 'FTSE4Good', 'MSCI']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604608/0/en/CGG-and-TGS-Announce-a-Dense-OBN-survey-in-Balder-and-Ringhorne-Areas-of-Norwegian-Continental-Shelf-NCS.html,CGG and TGS Announce a Dense OBN survey in Balder and Ringhorne Areas of Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS),Paris  France – February 9  2023   CGG  a global technology and HPC leader  and TGS  a global provider of energy data and intelligence  have been...,"English FrenchParis  France – February 9  2023CGG  a global technology and HPC leader  and TGS  a global provider of energy data and intelligence  have been jointly awarded the acquisition and imaging of a dense ocean bottom node (OBN) multi-client seismic survey in the Balder and Ringhorne areas of the Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS).The Heimdal Terrace OBN survey  located directly north of the Utsira OBN survey in the North Sea  will span an additional 500 square kilometer area under receivers (AUR) to increase the contiguous multi-client OBN coverage in the region to 3 778 square kilometers AUR. The survey area covers a mature part of the North Sea  including the Balder and Ringhorne fields  the Iving/Evra and Enniberg discoveries  and surrounding infrastructure-led exploration (ILX) areas for potential tiebacks to existing infrastructure.TGS will be the operator throughout the acquisition phase. The company will apply its experience and technical expertise in managing many complex OBN acquisition programs in the North Sea and other regions to provide valuable insight into enhanced exploration opportunities across this part of the NCS.CGG  the OBN imaging specialist  will apply its proprietary OBN processing and imaging technology  including time-lag full-waveform inversion  to create a high-quality 3D volume that will enhance the resolution and structural definition of the complex geology and reservoirs in the region.Kristian Johansen  Chief Executive Officer at TGS  commented  ""With this latest OBN survey  we continue our ongoing commitment to support our customers with the data they need to maximize the longevity of their production activities and discover new hydrocarbon reserves in mature areas. This acquisition project will further cement our leading position in delivering high-quality  multi-client OBN data to the industry.""Sophie Zurquiyah  CGG CEO  said  “CGG is pleased to partner with TGS to deliver this new OBN survey to meet strong industry demand for high-definition seismic data in this region. Clients continue to recognize the value of our advanced OBN imaging technology and expertise and the resulting data will support continued exploration and development in this mature  and very prolific part of NCS.”The acquisition will commence in April 2023  with final processed deliverables to be completed by the end of Q2 2024.The project is supported by industry funding.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Dense OBN survey', 'Norwegian Continental Shelf', 'Ringhorne Areas', 'CGG', 'TGS', 'Balder', 'NCS', 'The Heimdal Terrace OBN survey', 'many complex OBN acquisition programs', 'dense ocean bottom node', 'contiguous multi-client OBN coverage', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'OBN) multi-client seismic survey', 'additional 500 square kilometer area', 'high-quality, multi-client OBN data', 'advanced OBN imaging technology', 'Utsira OBN survey', 'latest OBN survey', 'new OBN survey', 'proprietary OBN processing', 'high-quality 3D volume', 'OBN imaging specialist', 'Norwegian Continental Shelf', 'time-lag full-waveform inversion', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new hydrocarbon reserves', 'final processed deliverables', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'high-definition seismic data', 'strong industry demand', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'survey area', 'complex geology', 'energy data', '3,778 square kilometers', 'global technology', 'acquisition phase', 'resulting data', 'data science', 'English French', 'HPC leader', 'global provider', 'Ringhorne areas', 'North Sea', 'Ringhorne fields', 'Enniberg discoveries', 'infrastructure-led exploration', 'potential tiebacks', 'existing infrastructure', 'other regions', 'valuable insight', 'exploration opportunities', 'structural definition', 'Kristian Johansen', 'ongoing commitment', 'production activities', 'mature areas', 'leading position', 'Sophie Zurquiyah', 'continued exploration', 'industry funding', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'acquisition project', 'mature part', 'prolific part', 'technical expertise', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG CEO', 'France', 'February', 'TGS', 'intelligence', 'Balder', 'NCS', 'receivers', 'AUR', 'Iving/Evra', 'operator', 'company', 'experience', 'enhanced', 'resolution', 'reservoirs', 'customers', 'longevity', 'Clients', 'value', 'development', 'April', 'end', 'Q2', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Attachment']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/09/2604661/0/en/Lleida-net-recognized-for-its-social-strength-by-the-Spanish-Institute-of-Analysts-in-its-first-ESG-report.html,Lleida.net  recognized for its social strength by the Spanish Institute of Analysts in its first ESG report,"MADRID  Spain  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received a ""B"" rating in the sustainability  social commitment and corporate governance (ESG) report prepared for it by the Spanish Inst…","MADRID  Spain  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) has received a ""B"" rating in the sustainability  social commitment and corporate governance (ESG) report prepared for it by the Spanish Institute of Analysts as part of the Lighthouse program.The rating - the first received by a BME Growth company - recognizes the company's strength in ESG criteria and its more than 20 years of effort in becoming a benchmark in the social aspect in the places where it operates.""We are proud that no more and no less than the Spanish Institute of Analysts has endorsed our image as a socially responsible company  and committed to the society that welcomes us "" explained Sisco Sapena  CEO and founder of the company.The rating recognizes the company's contribution to society with an AAA rating  and applauds its efforts in the area of social policies.""The Social pillar is a clear strength of Lleida.net""  the document says.Regarding corporate governance  the report highlights the ""Good governance"" and ""Transparency and fiscal responsibility""  and explains that Lleida.net operates according to ""very high standards in Commitments (ethical code  fiscal transparency policy)"".Yesterday  Lleida.net announced  precisely  the creation of a new Sustainable Development Commission.Lleida.net is the European leader in the registered electronic signature  notification and contracting industry  with 218 patents received from more than 64 countries worldwide.Its portfolio is one of the strongest worldwide in the industry. At this moment  more than 60 countries in five continents have granted patents  including the European Union  United States  China  Russia  India  Mexico  Japan  Colombia  Argentina  Peru  South Africa  Nigeria  Australia or New Zealand.It is listed on the OTCQX index in New York  on Euronext Growth in Paris and on BME Growth in Madrid.The company's growth strategy in the countries in which it is present and those in which it plans to be in the future  includes a solid growth policy in intellectual property and R&D  as well as a reinforcement of its internationalization policy.",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['first ESG report', 'Lleida.net', 'social strength', 'Spanish Institute', 'Analysts', 'Spanish listed company Lleida.net', 'new Sustainable Development Commission', 'registered electronic signature', 'The Social pillar', 'solid growth policy', 'fiscal transparency policy', 'BME Growth company', 'Spanish Institute', 'New Zealand', 'New York', 'internationalization policy', 'fiscal responsibility', 'Euronext Growth', 'growth strategy', 'BME:LLN', 'social commitment', 'social aspect', 'social policies', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'corporate governance', 'Lighthouse program', 'ESG criteria', 'responsible company', 'Sisco Sapena', 'Good governance', 'high standards', 'ethical code', 'European leader', 'five continents', 'European Union', 'United States', 'South Africa', 'OTCQX index', 'intellectual property', 'R&D', 'B"" rating', 'ESG) report', 'AAA rating', 'clear strength', 'contracting industry', 'MADRID', 'Spain', 'Feb.', 'EPA', 'ALLLN', 'Analysts', 'part', '20 years', 'effort', 'benchmark', 'places', 'image', 'society', 'CEO', 'founder', 'contribution', 'area', 'document', 'Commitments', 'creation', 'notification', '218 patents', '64 countries', 'portfolio', 'moment', '60 countries', 'China', 'Russia', 'India', 'Mexico', 'Japan', 'Colombia', 'Argentina', 'Peru', 'Nigeria', 'Australia', 'Paris', 'future', 'reinforcement']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNILEVER-PLC-9590186/news/Unilever-Q4-and-Full-Year-2022-results-presentation-42937809/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Unilever : Q4 and Full Year 2022 results presentation,(marketscreener.com)   Unilever   FY 2022   Results   ALAN JOPE & GRAEME PITKETHLY   9 FEB 2023      Safe harbour statement     This presentation may contain forward-looking statements  including...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote…,This presentation may contain forward-looking statements  including 'forward-looking statements' within the meaning of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as 'will'  'aim'  'expects'  'anticipates'  'intends'  'looks'  'believes'  'vision'  or the negative of these terms and other similar expressions of future performance or results  and their negatives  are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include  but are not limited to  statements and information regarding the Unilever Group's (the 'Group') emissions reduction targets and other climate change related matters (including actions  potential impacts and risks associated therewith). These forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and assumptions regarding anticipated developments and other factors affecting the Group. They are not historical facts  nor are they guarantees of future performance or outcomes.Because these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  there are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Among other risks and uncertainties  the material or principal factors which could cause actual results to differ materially are: Unilever's global brands not meeting consumer preferences; Unilever's ability to innovate and remain competitive; Unilever's investment choices in its portfolio management; the effect of climate change on Unilever's business; Unilever's ability to find sustainable solutions to its plastic packaging; significant changes or deterioration in customer relationships; the recruitment and retention of talented employees; disruptions in our supply chain and distribution; increases or volatility in the cost of raw materials and commodities; the production of safe and high quality products; secure and reliable IT infrastructure; execution of acquisitions  divestitures and business transformation projects; economic  social and political risks and natural disasters; financial risks; failure to meet high and ethical standards; and managing regulatory  tax and legal matters. A number of these risks have increased as a result of the current Covid-19 pandemic.These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Group's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting the Group are described in the Group's filings with the London Stock Exchange  Euronext Amsterdam and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including in the Unilever Annual Report and Accounts 2021.2,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.17,0.65,True,English,"['Full Year 2022 results presentation', 'Unilever', 'Q4', 'United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'other climate change related matters', 'other similar expressions', 'emissions reduction targets', 'reliable IT infrastructure', 'current Covid-19 pandemic', 'London Stock Exchange', 'high quality products', 'business transformation projects', 'Unilever Annual Report', 'US Securities', 'legal matters', 'other factors', 'other risks', 'Exchange Commission', 'future performance', 'potential impacts', 'current expectations', 'anticipated developments', 'historical facts', 'important factors', 'principal factors', 'global brands', 'consumer preferences', 'investment choices', 'portfolio management', 'sustainable solutions', 'plastic packaging', 'significant changes', 'customer relationships', 'talented employees', 'supply chain', 'raw materials', 'economic, social', 'natural disasters', 'ethical standards', 'regulatory, tax', 'applicable law', 'Further details', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'forward-looking statements', 'actual results', 'political risks', 'financial risks', 'potential risks', 'Unilever Group', 'presentation', 'meaning', 'Words', 'expects', 'vision', 'terms', 'negatives', 'information', 'actions', 'assumptions', 'guarantees', 'outcomes', 'uncertainties', 'ability', 'effect', 'deterioration', 'recruitment', 'retention', 'disruptions', 'distribution', 'increases', 'volatility', 'cost', 'commodities', 'production', 'safe', 'secure', 'execution', 'acquisitions', 'divestitures', 'failure', 'number', 'date', 'document', 'regulation', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'regard', 'events', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'filings', 'Accounts']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-42937966/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Getlink : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   GET 2023/07   9 February 2023   For release at 7:00   Shuttle traffic in January 2023            Jan-23 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Inside-Infor…,PRESS RELEASEGET 2023/079 February 2023For release at 7:00Shuttle traffic in January 2023Jan-23 Jan-22 Change Trucks 105 405 113 917 -7% Passenger 125 684 66 875 88% vehicles**Includes cars  motorcycles  vehicles with trailers  caravans  camper vans and coaches.Le Shuttle Freight transported 105 405 trucks in January 2023  a decrease of 7% compared to January 2022.In January 2023  Le Shuttle transported 125 684 passenger vehicles  an increase of 88%  continuing the trend of the return of passenger traffic observed over the last year.The Group's 2022 annual results will be published on Thursday 23 February 2023 before the markets open.Traffic figures for the month of February will be published on Thursday 9 March 2023 before the markets open.***************************About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET) is  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  the concessionaire of the Channel Tunnel infrastructure until 2086  and operates Truck and Passenger Shuttle services (cars and coaches) between Folkestone  UK and Calais  France. Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing its smart border so that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to cross the Channel. Since its inauguration in 1994  more than 476 million people and 98 million vehicles have travelled through the Channel Tunnel. This unique land link  which sees 25% of trade between the United Kingdom and continental Europe  has become a vital link reinforced by the ElecLink electrical interconnector installed through the Tunnel  which helps to balance the energy needs between the UK and France. Getlink complements its sustainable mobility services with its rail freight subsidiary Europorte. Committed to low-carbon services that control their impact on the environment (through its activities the Group avoids the equivalent of 2 million tonnes of CO2 being released per year)  Getlink has placed at the heart of its concerns the place given to people  nature and land.https://www.getlinkgroup.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Getlink', 'Information', 'environmentally friendly way', 'ElecLink electrical interconnector', 'sustainable mobility services', 'Le Shuttle Freight', 'rail freight subsidiary', 'unique land link', 'Passenger Shuttle services', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', 'low-carbon services', 'Shuttle traffic', 'vital link', 'camper vans', 'passenger traffic', '2022 annual results', 'Traffic figures', 'Thursday 9 March', 'Euronext Paris', 'smart border', 'reliable, easiest', 'United Kingdom', 'continental Europe', 'energy needs', '2 million tonnes', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Change Trucks', '125,684 passenger vehicles', 'last year', 'The Group', '476 million people', '98 million vehicles', 'Thursday 23 February', 'Getlink SE', '66,875 88% vehicles', '105,405 trucks', '9 February', 'January', 'cars', 'motorcycles', 'trailers', 'caravans', 'coaches', 'decrease', 'increase', 'trend', 'return', 'markets', 'month', 'Eurotunnel', 'concessionaire', 'Folkestone', 'UK', 'Calais', 'France', '31 December', 'inauguration', 'trade', 'Europorte', 'impact', 'activities', 'equivalent', 'CO2', 'heart', 'concerns', 'place', 'nature', 'getlinkgroup', '7:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CGG-4653/news/CGG-and-TGS-Announce-a-Dense-OBN-survey-in-Balder-and-Ringhorne-Areas-of-Norwegian-Continental-Shelf-42936921/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,CGG and TGS Announce a Dense OBN survey in Balder and Ringhorne Areas of Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS),(marketscreener.com) Paris  France – February 9  2023 CGG  a global technology and HPC leader  and TGS  a global provider of energy data and intelligence  have been jointly awarded the acquisition and imaging of a dense ocean bottom node multi-client seismic …,"Paris  France – February 9  2023CGG  a global technology and HPC leader  and TGS  a global provider of energy data and intelligence  have been jointly awarded the acquisition and imaging of a dense ocean bottom node (OBN) multi-client seismic survey in the Balder and Ringhorne areas of the Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS).The Heimdal Terrace OBN survey  located directly north of the Utsira OBN survey in the North Sea  will span an additional 500 square kilometer area under receivers (AUR) to increase the contiguous multi-client OBN coverage in the region to 3 778 square kilometers AUR. The survey area covers a mature part of the North Sea  including the Balder and Ringhorne fields  the Iving/Evra and Enniberg discoveries  and surrounding infrastructure-led exploration (ILX) areas for potential tiebacks to existing infrastructure.TGS will be the operator throughout the acquisition phase. The company will apply its experience and technical expertise in managing many complex OBN acquisition programs in the North Sea and other regions to provide valuable insight into enhanced exploration opportunities across this part of the NCS.CGG  the OBN imaging specialist  will apply its proprietary OBN processing and imaging technology  including time-lag full-waveform inversion  to create a high-quality 3D volume that will enhance the resolution and structural definition of the complex geology and reservoirs in the region.Kristian Johansen  Chief Executive Officer at TGS  commented  ""With this latest OBN survey  we continue our ongoing commitment to support our customers with the data they need to maximize the longevity of their production activities and discover new hydrocarbon reserves in mature areas. This acquisition project will further cement our leading position in delivering high-quality  multi-client OBN data to the industry.""Sophie Zurquiyah  CGG CEO  said  “CGG is pleased to partner with TGS to deliver this new OBN survey to meet strong industry demand for high-definition seismic data in this region. Clients continue to recognize the value of our advanced OBN imaging technology and expertise and the resulting data will support continued exploration and development in this mature  and very prolific part of NCS.”The acquisition will commence in April 2023  with final processed deliverables to be completed by the end of Q2 2024.The project is supported by industry funding.About CGGCGG (www.cgg.com) is a global technology and HPC leader that provides data  products  services and solutions in Earth science  data science  sensing and monitoring. Our unique portfolio supports our clients in efficiently and responsibly solving complex digital  energy transition  natural resource  environmental  and infrastructure challenges for a more sustainable future. CGG employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: 0013181864).ContactsGroup Communications & Investor RelationsChristophe BarniniTel: + 33 1 64 47 38 11E-Mail: christophe.barnini@cgg.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Dense OBN survey', 'Norwegian Continental Shelf', 'Ringhorne Areas', 'CGG', 'TGS', 'Balder', 'NCS', 'The Heimdal Terrace OBN survey', 'many complex OBN acquisition programs', 'dense ocean bottom node', 'contiguous multi-client OBN coverage', 'complex digital, energy transition', 'OBN) multi-client seismic survey', 'additional 500 square kilometer area', 'high-quality, multi-client OBN data', 'advanced OBN imaging technology', 'Utsira OBN survey', 'latest OBN survey', 'new OBN survey', 'proprietary OBN processing', 'high-quality 3D volume', 'OBN imaging specialist', 'Norwegian Continental Shelf', 'time-lag full-waveform inversion', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new hydrocarbon reserves', 'final processed deliverables', 'Contacts Group Communications', 'high-definition seismic data', 'surrounding infrastructure-led exploration', 'strong industry demand', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'survey area', 'complex geology', 'energy data', '3,778 square kilometers', 'global technology', 'exploration opportunities', 'continued exploration', 'acquisition phase', 'resulting data', 'data science', 'HPC leader', 'global provider', 'Ringhorne areas', 'North Sea', 'Ringhorne fields', 'Enniberg discoveries', 'potential tiebacks', 'existing infrastructure', 'other regions', 'valuable insight', 'structural definition', 'Kristian Johansen', 'ongoing commitment', 'production activities', 'mature areas', 'leading position', 'Sophie Zurquiyah', 'industry funding', 'Earth science', 'unique portfolio', 'natural resource', 'infrastructure challenges', 'sustainable future', 'Investor Relations', 'acquisition project', 'mature part', 'prolific part', 'technical expertise', 'Christophe Barnini', 'CGG CEO', 'France', 'February', 'TGS', 'intelligence', 'Balder', 'NCS', 'receivers', 'AUR', 'Iving/Evra', 'operator', 'company', 'experience', 'enhanced', 'resolution', 'reservoirs', 'customers', 'longevity', 'Clients', 'value', 'development', 'April', 'end', 'Q2', 'products', 'services', 'solutions', 'sensing', 'monitoring', 'environmental', '3,400 people', 'Attachment']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-2022-full-060200326.html,Sequana Medical announces 2022 Full Year Results and 2023 Outlook,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION09 February 2023  07:00 CEST alfapump® – successful primary endpoint read-out of North American pivotal POSEIDON study...,"Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION09 F ebruary 2023  07:00 CE S Talfa pump ® – successful primary endpoint read-out of North American pivotal POSEIDON study / PMA 1 filing planned for H2 2023DSR ® (Direct Sodium Removal) – clinical evidence of disease-modifying heart failure drug therapy   on track to start US P hase 1/2a MOJAVE study in Q2 2023Total cash position of €18.9 million at end 2022 and cash runway into mid-2023Conference call with live webcast today at 03:00 pm CEST / 09:00 am ESTGhent  Belgium – 09 February 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces its financial results for the year ended 31 December 2022  and provides a business update and outlook for 2023.Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “2022 was a landmark year for Sequana Medical achieving excellent results in both our alfapump liver and DSR heart failure programs. All primary endpoints were met in POSEIDON  our pivotal North American alfapump study  allowing us to prepare for PMA filing and US commercial launch planned for 2024. We believe that there is a clear need for improved treatment options for the large and growing number of patients suffering from recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. The North American market is forecast to grow between 6-7% annually reaching over 170 000 patients in 2035  representing a total addressable market for the alfapump of over US $2.5bn2.”“Our DSR therapy demonstrated substantial long-lasting clinical benefits in decompensated heart failure patients. Top-line data from our SAHARA study showed the safe  effective and rapid elimination of persistent congestion  important improvements in cardiovascular and renal health  and the restoration of diuretic response of the kidney. We are very excited by the great potential of DSR as a disease-modifying therapy that could help the estimated 200 000 US heart failure patients suffering from diuretic-resistant congestion. We have moved swiftly with our second-generation DSR product  successfully completing GLP pre-clinical safety studies  dosing the first patients in our Phase 1 single-dose studies and we are looking forward to starting MOJAVE  our US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled multi-center study in patients with congestive heart failure in Q2 2023.”Story continues“As we prepare for commercialization of the alfapump in North America  we have continued to strengthen our Board with the addition of Doug Kohrs and Alexandra Clyde  two seasoned US medtech executives who bring with them invaluable knowledge and expertise in light of the next stage of Sequana Medical’s development.”“We are also pleased to welcome Rosetta Capital  an experienced long-term life sciences investor  as shareholders following the purchase of the shares held by Neomed V.”202 2 h ighlightsalfapump in liver diseasePOSEIDON – North American pivotal study of the alfa pump in patients with recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis successfully met primary endpoint data: Reported positive top-line results in October 2022 from 40 patients of the Pivotal Cohort at six months post-implantation  including primary effectiveness endpoints substantially exceeding the predefined thresholds for study success and safety in line with expectations: 100% median per-patient reduction in therapeutic paracentesis (TP) post- vs pre-implantation (p<0.001)  vs hypothesis of at least 50% reduction. 77% of patients with at least 50% reduction in number of TP post- vs pre-implantation (p<0.001)  vs hypothesis of at least 50% of patients. Six primary safety events of which three involved explants due to wound or skin erosion  and three explants due to patient-reported discomfort (all patient-reported discomfort events were adjudicated by the Clinical Events Committee as moderate severity)  in line with expectations. Reported results of a preliminary interim analysis 3 of patient survival from the Roll-In Cohort in April 2022 including 70% survival rate at one year post-implantation  comparing favorably to published literature of 50% survival rate for refractory ascites patients after one year 4 . Prof. Wong presented safety  efficacy and quality of life data from the Roll-In Cohort at the AASLD The Liver Meeting® in November 2022.US patient preference study initiated: Survey study to quantify patients’ preferences for the alfa pump including treatment effectiveness and risks of treatment-related adverse events. The results of this study are expected to be presented in H2 2023.European PMSR data published in Liver International 5 : Final safety and efficacy results of the Post Marketing Surveillance Registry (PMSR) study of the alfa pump published in Liver International  the peer-reviewed publication of the International Association for the Study of the Liver.DSR in heart failureSAHARA – Phase 2a study of DSR 1.0 in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients with persistent congestion showed important and long-lasting clinical benefits: Reported positive top-line data from ten evaluable patients with its first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) in November 2022  including i) safe  effective and rapid elimination of fluid overload and restoration of euvolemia  ii) improvement of cardiovascular and renal health  iii) restoration of the diuretic-response of the kidney  and iv) dramatic reduction in the need for oral loop diuretics up to 15 months post-therapy – demonstrating a durable improvement in the heart failure status of these patients.Strong clinical observations from RED DESERT and SAHARA studies in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients support heart failure disease-modifying profile of DSR therapy: No heart failure congestion-related re-hospitalizations during study follow-up. All patients improved their NYHA 6 status by at least one class. Clinical benefits result in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model 7 .Focus on Short Term DSR therapy with proprietary DSR 2.0: Based on the results of RED DESERT and SAHARA  the Company expects that an intensive treatment period of three to four weeks of DSR therapy may deliver at least twelve months of important clinical benefits. As a result of the strong  durable clinical signals observed  the Company will focus the heart failure development program on Short Term DSR with its proprietary second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) administered via a peritoneal catheter. DSR 2.0 is expected to have an improved therapeutic and favorable safety profile with robust intellectual property protection.MOJAVE – US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled multi-center study of DSR 2.0 in diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion  on track to start in Q2 2023: Good progress of DSR 2.0 in product development and GLP 8 animal studies. Approval to start two Phase 1 single-arm  open-label  single-dose studies in Canada (YUKON) and Mexico (CHIHUAHUA) to evaluate the safety  tolerability and efficacy of DSR 2.0  with first patient dosed successfully in YUKON. Data from the GLP animal and Phase 1 CHIHUAHUA studies are intended to support the US IND 9 application filing of DSR 2.0  planned for Q1 2023. Preparations ongoing to start the MOJAVE study  planned for Q2 2023  assuming FDA approval of the US IND application. The intention is to enroll 30 diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion  with 20 patients randomized to DSR 2.0 administered via a peritoneal catheter on top of usual care for congestive heart failure (CHF) for up to four weeks and ten patients randomized to usual care for CHF alone.CorporateEuropean Medical Device Regulation (MDR) certification: Received MDR certification from the Company’s Notified Body  BSI  in February 2022  confirming that its QMS 10 and alfa pump system are compliant with the latest regulatory standards required for medical devices in Europe. alfa pump is one of the first novel Class III active implantable medical devices to receive such certification.Expanding the Board of Directors with seasoned US medtech executives: Appointed two highly experienced US medtech leaders as independent Non-Executive Directors. Doug Kohrs brings more than 40 years of experience from his many roles as a founder and executive of leading medical technology companies. Alexandra Clyde brings more than 30 years of experience and has an exceptional understanding and track record of successfully navigating health economics and reimbursement in the medical device industry.Extending the Company’s cash runway into mid-2023: Raised €28.4 million in gross proceeds in March 2022 by means of an equity placement via an accelerated bookbuild offering from a new investor  Partners in Equity V B.V.  and existing shareholders. Secured €10 million loan facility with Kreos Capital  a leading growth debt provider for life sciences and healthcare companies  in July 2022.Cash position of €18.9 million at the end of December 2022  compared to €9.6 million at the end of December 2021.Post-period eventsGranting of additional DSR patent in the US: Additional US patent granted in January 2023 covering among other  the expansion of the composition of matter and method for Sequana Medical’s DSR therapy  including additional oncotic and osmotic agents.Successful completion of pre-clinical studies of DSR 2.0: Reported data from two GLP animal studies in mice and sheep in February 2023 demonstrating safety of DSR 2.0. No difference in systemic and local toxic effects were observed in animals treated repeatedly with DSR 2.0  compared to animals in the control group  concluding that DSR 2.0 had consistent safety with the standard peritoneal dialysis solution used in the control group.First patient dosed successfully in CHIHUAHUA study – Phase 1 single-arm  open-label  single-dose study of DSR 2.0 in Mexico The first patient has been treated successfully and the results of this study will be used to determine dosing of DSR 2.0 in MOJAVE. Data from this study  together with the data from the GLP animal studies are intended to support the filing of the US IND application  planned for Q1 2023.Outlook for 202 32023 is a pivotal year for Sequana Medical as it builds upon the successful clinical data published for both programs in 2022. The Company is working towards the PMA submission for the alfapump program to the US FDA planned for H2 2023. For the DSR heart failure program  the key next step is the Phase 1/2a MOJAVE randomized controlled study expected to commence in Q2 2023  with Short Term DSR therapy using DSR 2.0.North American liver program of the alfa pump – PMA filing to US FDA planned for H2 2023: Analysis of additional secondary efficacy and safety endpoints from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study and submit for presentation at a forthcoming medical liver meeting in 2023. Top-line data from the US patient preference study expected in H2 2023.Heart failure program of DSR 2.0 – on track to start US Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study in Q2 2023:Top-line results from Phase 1 single-arm  open-label  single-dose study in Mexico (CHIHUAHUA) expected in Q1 2023. IND application filing to US FDA expected in Q1 2023. First patient enrolled in US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled MOJAVE study expected in Q2 2023. and interim data expected in H2 2023.Detailed financial reviewin Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise) FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Revenue 923 371 +149% Cost of goods sold (205) (77) N.M. Gross margin 718 294 +144% Sales & Marketing (2 240) (2 079) +8% Clinical (9 773) (7 798) +25% Quality & Regulatory (3 632) (3 215) +13% Supply Chain (3 158) (2 716) +16% Engineering (3 853) (3 206) +20% General & Administration (6 687) (5 098) +31% Total operating expenses (29 343) (24 112) +22% Other income 530 1 205 -56% Earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT11) (28 094) (22 614) +24% Finance income 451 246 +83% Finance cost (2 733) (855) N.M. Total net finance expense (2 282) (608) N.M. Income tax expense (387) (393) -2% Net loss for the period (30 763) (23 615) +30% Basic Loss Per Share (in Euros) (1.35) (1.30) +4% Cash position* at 31 December 18 875 9 600 +97%N.M.: Not Meaningful (percentage greater than 150%)* Cash position only includes cash and cash equivalents.Consolidated statements of profit and lossRevenueRevenue increased from €0.37 million in 2021 to €0.92 million in 2022 as a result of resumed commercial activity in Europe as the impact of COVID declines.Cost of goods soldCost of goods sold increased from €0.08 million in 2021 to €0.21 million in 2022 in line with the increase in revenue.Operating expensesTotal operating expenses increased from €24.11 million in 2021 to €29.34 million in 2022 mainly due to i) the preparations of the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the US and Canada  and ii) pre-clinical and clinical development work for Sequana Medical’s proprietary DSR therapy.Sales and marketing expenses increased from €2.08 million in 2021 to €2.24 million in 2022 due to the resumption of European commercial activities.Clinical expenses increased from €7.80 million in 2021 to €9.77 million in 2022 mainly as a result of costs related to the POSEIDON North American pivotal study of the alfapump  the SAHARA Phase 2a study of DSR and pre-clinical and clinical development work for the Company’s proprietary DSR therapy.Quality and Regulatory expenses increased from €3.22 million in 2021 to €3.63 million in 2022  mainly driven by external advice for the preparation of the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the US and Canada.Supply chain expenses increased from €2.72 million in 2021 to €3.16 million in 2022 largely driven by additional staffing for the preparation of the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the US and Canada.Engineering expenses increased from €3.21 million in 2021 to €3.85 million in 2022  largely driven by external advice and additional staffing for the preparations of the submissions for marketing approval of the alfapump in the US and Canada.General and administration expenses increased from €5.10 million in 2021 to €6.69 million in 2022 mainly due to costs relating to the equity and debt financings in 2022  and additional staffing.Other income decreased from €1.21 million in 2021 to €0.53 million in 2022 related to the one-off termination of a distribution agreement by mutual agreement in 2021.EBITAs a result of the above  earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) evolved from a loss of €22.61 million in 2021 to a loss of €28.09 million in 2022.Total net finance expensesNet finance cost increased from €0.61 million in 2021 to €2.28 million in 2022  mainly resulting from valuation of the Bootstrap Warrants and Kreos Subscription Rights (to be approved by the extraordinary shareholders meeting of 10 February 2023)  both non-cash items  as well as  the increased realized foreign exchange losses following the weakening of the EUR compared to CHF and USD.Income tax expenseIncome tax expense remained stable at €0.39 million in 2022 compared to 2021.Net loss for the periodAs a result of the above  the net loss increased from €23.62 million in 2021 to €30.76 million in 2022.Basic losses per share (LPS)Basic losses per share increased from €1.30 in 2021 to €1.35 in 2022.Consolidated balance sheetNet debtNet debt12 at 31 December 2022 increased by €0.23 million compared to 31 December 2021.Working CapitalWorking capital13 decreased by €0.99 million in 2022 compared to 2021  mainly as a result of an increase in trade payables and accrued liabilities  partially compensated by an increase in inventory and other receivables and prepaid expenses.LiquidityThe Company is still in its development phase and conducting clinical trials in order to achieve regulatory marketing approvals  which incurs various risks and uncertainties  including but not limited to the uncertainty of the development process and the timing of achieving profitability. The Company’s ability to continue operations also depends on its ability to raise additional capital and to refinance existing debt  in order to fund operations and assure the solvency of the Company until revenues reach a level to sustain positive cash flows.The impact of macroeconomic conditions and the geopolitical situation in Ukraine on the Company’s ability to secure additional financing rounds or undertake capital market transactions remains unclear at this point in time and will remain under review by the Executive Management and the Board of Directors.The above conditions indicate the existence of material uncertainties  which may also cast significant doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.With the existing cash resources  the current cash runway is sufficient into mid-2023. The Company continues to evaluate equity and other financing options  including discussions with existing as well as new investors.The Executive Management and the Board of Directors remain confident about the strategic plan  which comprises additional financing measures including equity and/or other financing sources  and therefore consider the financial information in this press release on a going concern basis as appropriate.Consolidated statement of cash flowsNet cash outflow from operating activities was €27.48 million in 2022 compared to €23.62 million in 2021. The outflow was mainly driven by higher net loss of the period.Cash flow from investing activities resulted in a net outflow of €0.65 million in 2022  compared to a net outflow of €0.34 million in 2021.Cash flow from financing activities resulted in a net inflow of €37.32 million in 2022  mainly as a result of the proceeds from the equity placement in H1 2022  and the €10 million loan facility with Kreos Capital secured in H2 2022. In 2021  the net inflow of €22.44 million was mainly a result of the February 2021 equity placement.The Company ended 2022 with a total cash and cash equivalents amount of €18.88 million (2021: €9.60 million).Conference Call and WebcastSequana Medical will host a conference call with live webcast presentation today at 03:00 pm CEST / 09:00 am EST.Registration webcast: please click hereRegistration conference call (only if you wish to participate in the Q&A): please click here. Once registered  you will receive dial-in numbers and a confirmation code.The webcast and conference call will be conducted in English and a replay will be available on Sequana Medical's website shortly after.202 3 financial calendar25 April 2023 Online publication of Annual Report 202225 May 2023 Annual General Meeting 2023For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 05 35 79Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical study of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Financial informationThe financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS  as adopted by the EU. The financial information included in this press release is an extract from the full IFRS consolidated financial statements which will be published on 25 April 2023.As of the date of this press release  the statutory auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Bedrijfsrevisoren BV  with registered office at Culliganlaan 5  1831 Machelen  Belgium  represented by Peter D’hondt  auditor  has not yet completed his audit procedures on the IFRS consolidated statements as of and for the year ended 31 December 2022.The statutory auditor has confirmed that the audit  which is substantially complete  has not to date revealed any material misstatement in the draft consolidated accounts  and that the accounting data reported in the press release is consistent  in all material respects  with the draft consolidated accounts from which it has been derived.Consolidated statement of profit and lossin Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise)Year ended 31 December 2022 2021 Revenue 923 371 Cost of goods sold (205) (77) Gross margin 718 294 Sales & Marketing (2 240) (2 079) Clinical (9 773) (7 798) Quality & Regulatory (3 632) (3 215) Supply Chain (3 158) (2 716) Engineering (3 853) (3 206) General & Administration (6 687) (5 098) Total operating expenses (29 343) (24 112) Other income 530 1 205 Earnings before interests and taxes (EBIT) (28 094) (22 614) Finance income 451 246 Finance cost (2 733) (855) Total net finance expense (2 282) (608) Income tax expense (387) (393) Net loss for the period (30 763) (23 615) Basic losses per share (in Euro) (1.35) (1.30)Consolidated statement of comprehensive incomein Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise)Year ended 31 December 2022 2021 Net loss for the period (30 763) (23 615) Components of other comprehensive income (OCI)items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: Remeasurements of defined benefit plans 413 96 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss: Currency translation adjustments 727 (256) Total other comprehensive income/(loss)-net of tax 1 140 (160) Total comprehensive income (29 623) (23 775) Attributable to Sequana Medical shareholders (29 623) (23 775)Consolidated balance sheetin Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise)As at 31 December 2022 2021 ASSETS Property  plant and equipment 2 068 1 268 Financial Assets 86 82 Other non-current assets 782 464 Total non-current assets 2 936 1 815 Trade receivables 114 82 Other receivables and prepaid expenses 1 479 1 069 Inventory 2 621 2 139 Cash and cash equivalents 18 875 9 600 Total current assets 23 089 12 891 Total assets 26 025 14 705 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Share capital 2 460 1 925 Share premium 170 324 142 433 Reserves (2 426) (2 669) Loss brought forward (173 458) (142 695) Cumulative translation adjustment 946 220 Total equity (2 153) (787) Long term financial debts 12 193 7 325 Long term lease debts 609 477 Retirement benefit obligation 228 510 Total non-current liabilities 13 030 8 312 Short term financial debts 4 483 - Short term lease debts 307 283 Other current financial liabilities 1 569 - Trade payables and contract liabilities 3 392 2 367 Other payables 1 812 1 925 Accrued liabilities and provisions 3 586 2 605 Total current liabilities 15 148 7 180 Total equity and liabilities 26 025 14 705Consolidated statement of cash flowsin Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise)Year ended 31 December 2022 2021 Net loss for the period (30 763) (23 615) Income tax expense 387 393 Financial result 1 923 613 Depreciation 312 409 Change in defined benefit plan (102) (40) Share-based compensation 564 536 Changes in trade and other receivables (457) (163) Changes in inventories 42 (865) Changes in trade and other payables/provisions 990 (662) Taxes paid (378) (222) Cash flow used in operating activities (27 482) (23 617) Investments in tangible fixed assets (677) (326) Investments in financial assets 24 (12) Cash flow used in investing activities (653) (338) Proceeds from capital increase 28 420 22 771 (Repayments) from leasing debts (407) (335) (Repayments) from financial debts - - Proceeds from financial debts 9 626 - Interest paid (315) - Cash flow from financing activities 37 324 22 435 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 9 189 (1 520) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 9 600 11 016 Net effect of currency translation on cash and cash equivalents 85 104 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 18 875 9 600Consolidated statement of changes in equityin Thousand Euros (if not stated otherwise) Share capital Share premium Reserves Loss brought forward Currency translation differences Total shareholder equity Balance at 1 January 2021 1 635 119 333 (2 250) (119 080) 476 113 Net loss for the period (23 615) (23 615) Other comprehensive income 96 (256) (160) February 2021 Equity Placement 274 22 226 22 500 Capital increase Share Options 6 265 271 Capital increase convertible loan to shares 10 609 619 Transaction costs for equity instruments (1 051) (1 051) Share-based compensation 536 536 Balance at 31 December 2021 1 925 142 433 (2 669) (142 695) 220 (787) Balance at 1 January 2022 1 925 142 433 (2 669) (142 695) 220 (787) Net loss for the period (30 763) (30 763) Other comprehensive income 413 727 1 140 March 2022 Equity Placement 535 27 885 28 420 Capital increase Share Options 0 7 7 Transaction costs for equity instruments (735) (735) Share-based compensation 564 564 Balance at 31 December 2022 2 460 170 324 (2 426) (173 458) 946 (2 153)1 PMA: Pre-Market Approval2 Based on US and Canada market assessment conducted by highly experienced international consulting group  using claims analysis for commercial and CMS (Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services) patients requiring paracentesis procedure with liver disease diagnosis codes.3 Date of analysis 25 March 2022  as part of a general safety assessment4 Biggins et al.  Hepatology  Vol. 74  No. 2  2021  AASLD Practice Guidance; Moreau R et al.  Liver International 2004: 24: 457-4645 Liver International promotes all aspects of the science of hepatology from basic research to applied clinical studies and provides an international forum for the publication of high quality original research in hepatology.6 NYHA: New York Heart Association classification  data collected outside study protocols of RED DESERT and SAHARA7 Predicted one-year survival analysis using Seattle Heart Failure Model of seven patients from RED DESERT and eight patients from SAHARA pre- and post-intensive DSR therapy. Analysis includes physician-assessed data collected post hoc8 GLP: Good Laboratory Practice9 IND: Investigational New Drug10 QMS: Quality Management System11 EBIT is defined as revenue less cost of goods sold and operating expenses.12 Net debt is calculated by adding short-term  long-term financial and lease debt and deducting cash and cash equivalents.13 The components of working capital are inventory + trade receivables + other receivables and prepaid expenses - trade payables - other payables - accrued liabilities and provisions.Attachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.17,0.53,True,English,"['2022 Full Year Results', 'Sequana Medical', '2023 Outlook', 'US Phase 1/2a randomized controlled multi-center study', 'two seasoned US medtech executives', 'experienced long-term life sciences investor', '07:00 CE S T alfa pump', 'disease-modifying heart failure drug therapy', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON study', 'pivotal North American alfapump study', 'The North American market', 'Post Marketing Surveillance Registry', 'North American pivotal study', 'substantial long-lasting clinical benefits', 'AASLD The Liver Meeting®', 'US patient preference study', 'diuretic-resistant heart failure pat', 'GLP pre-clinical safety studies', '200,000 US heart failure patients', 'DSR heart failure programs', 'decompensated heart failure patients', 'Six primary safety events', 'Phase 1 single-dose studies', 'US P hase', 'US commercial launch', 'Phase 2a study', '1/2a MOJAVE study', 'congestive heart failure', 'total addressable market', 'Clinical Events Committee', 'treatment-related adverse events', 'successful primary endpoint', 'Direct Sodium Removal', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'preliminary interim analysis', 'primary endpoint data', 'patient-reported discomfort events', 'Total cash position', 'primary effectiveness endpoints', 'second-generation DSR product', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'European PMSR data', 'positive top-line results', 'disease-modifying therapy', 'Pivotal Cohort', 'life data', 'primary endpoints', 'clinical evidence', 'Top-line data', 'diuretic-resistant congestion', 'six months', 'Survey study', 'DSR therapy', 'patient survival', 'SAHARA study', 'Final safety', 'treatment effectiveness', 'liver disease', 'alfapump liver', 'liver cirrhosis', 'Liver International', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'PMA 1 filing', 'Conference call', 'live webcast', 'Euronext Brussels', 'fluid overload', 'business update', 'Ian Crosbie', 'PMA filing', 'clear need', 'safe, effective', 'rapid elimination', 'persistent congestion', 'important improvements', 'renal health', 'diuretic response', 'great potential', 'Doug Kohrs', 'Alexandra Clyde', 'invaluable knowledge', 'next stage', 'Rosetta Capital', 'Neomed V.', 'predefined thresholds', 'patient reduction', 'therapeutic paracentesis', 'skin erosion', 'moderate severity', 'Roll-In Cohort', '70% survival rate', '50% survival rate', 'Prof. Wong', 'peer-reviewed publication', 'International Association', 'landmark year', 'one year', 'financial results', 'excellent results', 'treatment options', 'refractory ascites', 'first patients', 'patients’ preferences', 'growing number', 'three explants', 'DSR ®', '170,000 patients', '40 patients', '50% reduction', 'H2', 'track', 'Q2', 'mid-20', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '09 February', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'December', 'improved', 'large', 'recurrent', 'cardiovascular', 'restoration', 'kidney', 'Story', 'commercialization', 'Board', 'addition', 'expertise', 'light', 'development', 'shareholders', 'purchase', 'shares', '2 h', 'October', 'implantation', 'expectations', '100% median', 'TP', 'hypothesis', 'wound', 'April', 'literature', 'efficacy', 'quality', 'November', 'risks', '03:00', '09:00', '2023', '2024']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18183,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bureau-veritas-number-shares-voting-174000219.html,BUREAU VERITAS : Number of shares and voting rights as of 31 January 2023,PRESS RELEASE Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 10  2023 Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16 of the general ...,BUREAU VERITASPRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 10  2023Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulatedby article 223-16 of the general regulations of theFrench financial markets authority AMFDate Number of shares(1) Number of voting rights 31/01/2023 452 501 915 Theoretical number of voting rights: 622 217 368Number of exercisable voting rights: 622 112 609(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2023.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel.: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 40/52 boulevard du Parc www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 279 383.04 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'shares', '31 January', 'Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax', 'French financial markets authority', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Seine RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'general regulations', 'stock options', '40/52 boulevard', 'Share capital', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'February', 'Information', 'article', 'AMF', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'Parc', 'bureauveritas', 'Neuilly', '33', '1']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18184,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-sanoma-063500143.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:35 EET Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation Notice is given to the...,Sanoma CorpSanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:35 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Sanoma Corporation (“Sanoma” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 19 April 2023 at 14:00 (EET) at Sanomatalo.For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity has been reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice (Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting). In addition  the shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com and submit questions in advance as well as during the general meeting through a chat function. These functionalities supporting unofficial remote participation will be organized only if it is technically possible.The official venue is the Mediatori in the Sanomatalo building. The address is Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets at the meeting venue shall commence at 13:00 (EET). There will be no catering at the general meeting. Sanoma recommends shareholders to arrive at the venue using public transportation. No parking has been arranged for the shareholders at the meeting venue.A. Matters on the Agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters shall be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report  and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022Story continuesReview by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid for the year 2022.The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date proposed by the Board of Directors for this instalment is 28 April 2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 4 September 2023.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2023. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 25 October 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2022 prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 7 April 2022 by the Company’s Annual General Meeting is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com at the latest on week 10  commencing on 6 March 2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting to adopt the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Consideration of the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodiesThe Remuneration Policy of the Company’s governing bodies was previously adopted in the 2022 Annual General Meeting and is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com. The remuneration policy must be presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years or every time a material change is made.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Policy be amended as follows:The length of the performance period of the long-term incentive plans will be one to three years (earlier two years). The performance period is followed by a vesting period  duration of which is dependent on the length of the performance period and varies from two years (when the performance period is one year) to no vesting period (when the performance period is three years).The proposal for the new Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website www.sanoma.com.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Policy for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting on the Remuneration Policy is advisory.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  Board Committees and the Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the monthly remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged.The monthly remunerations are EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetingsFor the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all shares and votes of the Company have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the meeting fees of the members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine.14. Election of the Chair  the Vice Chair and the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors comprises the following members: Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Denise Koopmans  Sebastian Langenskiöld and Eugenie van Wiechen as a new member  and that the term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. Rafaela Seppälä has informed that she is not available for re-election.In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed that Pekka Ala-Pietilä is elected as the Chair and Nils Ittonen as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Essential biographical information and information on independence on all Board member candidates is given on the Company's website at www.sanoma.com. All the proposed individuals have given their consent to being elected.Eugenie van Wiechen  b. 1969  Dutch national  MBA  INSEAD France 1997  MSc. (drs.) Chemical Engineering  University of Amsterdam 1994  Research Scholar  Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. Harvard Medical School 1994. Eugenie van Wiechen currently works as CEO 2014- and Publishing Director 2011- at FD Mediagroep. Previously she has worked as Managing Director of LinkedIn Corporation  the Netherlands 2009-2011  Managing Director of Marktplaats  eBay 2008-2009 as well as in different positions in Sanoma Uitgevers B.V. 2003-2008 and at McKinsey & Company 1995-2003.With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has estimated that in addition to the qualifications of the individual candidates for the Board of Directors  the proposed Board of Directors as a whole provides excellent competence and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements set for a listed company by the Corporate Governance Code.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Director’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid according to invoice approved by the Company.16. Election of AuditorThe Auditor will be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term that is determined in the Articles of Association of the Company. The term expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election. In accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor shall be audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  is the auditor with principal responsibility. The term of the Auditor will expire at the end of the Annual General meeting in 2024.Auditors give their report for the financial year 2023 also on the adoption of the Financial Statements  whether the proposal for distribution of funds is in compliance with the Finnish Companies Act and discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the Company from liability.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The own shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The shares shall be repurchased either through a tender offer made to all shareholders on equal terms or otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders  at their current price in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled. The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2024 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 7 April 2022.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The total number of new shares to be registered based on this authorisation cannot exceed 16 000 000 new shares in aggregate. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2024 and it will replace the authorisation to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares which was granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 7 April 2022.19. Resolution on amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that § 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the notice could be published only on the Company’s website. Furthermore  §§ 11-12 would be abolished (as the substantive contents would be incorporate into the revised § 10.The amended paragraphs of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“Article 10The notice convening a General Meeting of shareholders must be delivered to the shareholders by publishing the notice on the company’s website no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting of shareholders  however  in any case  at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting of shareholders  as referred to in the Finnish Companies Act. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice in at least one (1) newspaper of the Board’s selection with wide circulation.To be eligible to participate in a General Meeting of shareholders  a shareholder shall register with the company within the period specified in the notice of the meeting  which can end no earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki  Finland. However  a meeting may be held at another location  provided that there is a weighty reason to do so. Related to the place of the general meeting and the method of participation  the Board of Directors may also decide in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (and without limiting other options thereunder) that the general meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”Articles 11-12: deletedThe proposal regarding a meeting venue is based on amendments to Chapter 5 of the Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to organise general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Sanoma’s website at www.sanoma.com. The Financial Statements 2022  the Board of Directors’ Report  and the Auditor’s Report of Sanoma as well as the remuneration report are available on the above-mentioned website on week 10  commencing on 6 March 2023. The decision proposals and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice shall be sent to shareholders upon request. Notice to the Annual General Meeting shall not be sent to the shareholders separately. The minutes of the meeting shall be available on the above-mentioned website on 3 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  5 April 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. The use of proxies is described below.A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on 13 April 2023 at 16:00 (EET) by giving a prior notice of participation. The notice must be received by Innovatics Oy before the end of the above-mentioned registration period. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.comOnline registration requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication  by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinkic) by phone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday from 9:00 to 12:00 and from 13:00 to 16:00 (EET); ord) by e-mail addressed to agm@innovatics.fiIn connection with the registration  a shareholder must state requested information  such as their name  date of birth or business identity code  contact details and the name of a proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  and the personal identification number of the proxy representative or legal representative  as applicable. Any personal data provided to the Company or Innovatics Oy by a shareholder will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.For further information on how Sanoma Corporation processes personal data  please review Sanoma Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com or contact by email agm@sanoma.com. Shareholders are requested to note that personal information provided in connection with the registration by e-mail is provided possibly through an unsecure connection at the shareholder’s own responsibility.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  5 April 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10:00 a.m. (EET) on 14 April 2023 at the latest. For the nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting as well as voting in advance from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of the nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders' register of the Company by the time stated above at the latest. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares. For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot directly register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  but must register via their custodian bank instead.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting also by way of third-party proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronical registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder require secure strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares with which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com on 15 March 2023 at the latest. The proxy documents  if any  should be notified in connection with registration  and they should be submitted primarily to Innovatics Oy by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  no later than by the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must have been received by Innovatics Oy. In addition to delivering proxy authorization documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to registration for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service in Innovatics Oy’s general meeting service for authorising their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorisation. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorises a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Innovatics Oy’s general meeting service  and after that register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder if necessary. The strong electronic authentication works with personal online banking certificates or a mobile ID. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on the agenda matters 7-19 of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 15 March 2023 at 10.00 (EET) until 13 April 2023 at 16:00 (EET).A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal only  if they participate in person or by way of proxy representation in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company website at www.sanoma.comElectronic advance voting requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication for registering and voting by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by email or by regular mailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website as from 15 March 2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy primarily by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi  or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.The advance votes must be received by prior to the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the Annual General Meeting. The terms and other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General meeting can be followed online via a webcast on Company’s website www.sanoma.com. Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the Company’s website www.sanoma.com before the Annual General Meeting. Registration is required before logging in to the webcast. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting  and that it is not possible for the shareholders to exercise their shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders following the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting on the matter on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided above. In connection with the webcast of the Annual General Meeting  a chat functionality is available for submitting questions during the meeting. The chat function and possible questions asked in the chat are however not an official part of the Annual General Meeting. Accordingly  questions submitted through the chat function are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act. Unofficial questions can also be presented in advance by email addressed to agm@sanoma.com  by regular mail addressed to Sanoma Corporation  AGM  P.O. Box 60  00089 Sanoma or in connection with the electronic voting no later than 13 April 2o23 and such questions received will be primarily responded to at the Annual General Meeting.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Information on the Annual General Meeting laid down in the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Sanoma and votes represented by such shares is 163 565 663. The Company holds on the date hereof 387 895 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be used at the Annual General Meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.We wish our shareholders welcome to the Annual General Meeting.In Helsinki  9 February 2023Sanoma CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and CSR  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2022  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 14.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Notice', 'one to three years', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'long-term incentive plans', 'unofficial remote participation', 'earlier two years', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new Remuneration Policy', 'dividend record date', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'three instalments', 'one year', 'remuneration report', 'section C', 'chat function', 'voting tickets', 'meeting venue', 'public transportation', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'material change', 'performance period', 'vesting period', 'payment date', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'official venue', 'shareholders’ participation', 'The Board', 'Sanomatalo building', 'shareholder register', 'Sanoma Corp', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'advance voting', 'Directors’ Report', '28 April', '7 April', 'February', '8:35 EET', 'Notice', 'Company', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'functionalities', 'Mediatori', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'parking', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Story', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'September', 'November', '25 October', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', 'week', '6 March', 'length', 'duration', 'proposal', '14:00']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18185,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/proposals-huhtam-ki-oyj-board-070000485.html,Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 9.2.2023 AT 9:00 Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual...,"Huhtamäki OyjHUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 9.2.2023 AT 9:00Proposals by Huhtamäki Oyj’s Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the ""Company"") (the ""AGM"") will be held on Thursday  April 27  2023  at 11:00 (EEST)  at Marina Congress Center Helsinki  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland.The notice to convene the AGM is planned to be published on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) on March 29  2023. In addition  there will be an announcement regarding the notice in the Helsingin Sanomat newspaper. The notice will include more detailed information on the participation and voting at the meeting.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.00 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2022. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment May 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be on May 9  2023.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 2  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be on October 9  2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.Story continuesNo significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report will be presented to the AGM for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report will be published in connection with the Annual Report.Amendment to the Remuneration Policy for the Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents to the AGM for advisory approval the Company’s amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies  which was last presented to the AGM on April 29  2020. The material changes in the Remuneration Policy are increases in the President and CEO’s maximum earning opportunity in short-term incentives (up to 150% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 100%) and long-term incentives (up to 400% of the non-variable annual base salary  previously 300%). The changes are made to secure that the President and CEO’s earning opportunities can be set at a market competitive level.The updated Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com) and will be attached to the notice to the AGM.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Pauline Lindwall and Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board. Two of the current members of the Board of Directors  Mr. Heikki Takala and Ms. Sandra Turner  have announced that they are not available for re-election to the Board of Directors.Ms. Pauline Lindwall (born 1961) has acted as Category Director Coffee  France and Southern Europe at Mondelez International (2012–2015). Before that she has worked at Nestlé in several management positions (1984–2012) based in Asia and Europe  latest position being Country Business Manager  Nestlé Nutrition  Germany and Austria. Ms. Lindwall’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Duni AB (publ.) and a Supervisory Board member of EIT Food of The European Institute of Innovation and Technology. Ms. Lindwall holds a B.Sc. (Business Administration and Economics). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Pekka Vauramo (born 1957) acts as President and CEO at Metso Outotec Corporation (2020–). Before that he has worked as President and CEO at Metso Corporation (2018–2020)  President and CEO at Finnair Plc (2013–2018) as well as in several management positions at Cargotec Corporation (2007–2013)  Sandvik AB (1995–2007) and Tamrock Corporation (1985–1995). Mr. Vauramo’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Nokian Tyres plc  National Defence University and New Children’s Hospital Foundation  as well as a Board of Trustees member of Turku University Foundation. Mr. Vauramo holds a M. Sc. (Technology). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.Remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 170 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 80 000 and to the other members EUR 65 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 500 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 750. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends all members of the Board of Directors to own shares of Huhtamäki Oyj.Election and remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be the Auditor with principal responsibility.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).The Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2024.Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes to the AGM that the Articles of Association would be amended to enable arranging a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting. The amendment is intended to enable the holding of General Meetings virtually to facilitate attendance and participation for the Company's shareholders  especially in unforeseen or exceptional circumstances. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in in-person General Meetings. The amendment does not preclude arranging General Meetings as physical or hybrid meetings.Pursuant to the proposal of the Board of Directors  the first paragraph of Section 8 § of the Articles of Association would read as follows:""The General Meeting of Shareholders shall be held in Espoo or in Helsinki  as decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also decide that the General Meeting of Shareholders is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner whereby shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting of Shareholders using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).”The Articles of Association in the proposed amended form are available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).Amendment to the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the AGM that Section 2 of the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board would be amended so that the shareholders entitled to appoint a member are determined annually on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on May 31 (previously August 31).The Charter in the proposed amended form is available on the Company's website (www.huhtamaki.com).For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a key global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 19 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.21,0.53,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'non-variable annual base salary', 'Mr. William R. Barker', 'Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich', 'Marina Congress Center Helsinki', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Mr. Doug Baillie', 'Mr. Pekka Vauramo', 'Mr. Heikki Takala', 'Helsingin Sanomat newspaper', 'Category Director Coffee', 'several management positions', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Ms. Mercedes Alonso', 'Ms. Anja Korhonen', 'Ms. Kerttu Tuomas', 'Ms. Sandra Turner', 'The European Institute', 'maximum earning opportunity', 'Country Business Manager', 'current key positions', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Ms. Pauline Lindwall', 'new record date', 'new payment date', 'Supervisory Board member', 'The Remuneration Report', 'Annual Report', 'Ms. Lindwall', 'aggregate dividend', 'earning opportunities', 'Business Administration', 'The Board', 'new members', 'Remuneration Policy', 'detailed information', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'financial position', 'financial year', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'short-term incentives', 'long-term incentives', 'competitive level', 'current members', 'Mondelez International', 'latest position', 'Duni AB', 'EIT Food', 'B.Sc.', 'significant shareholders', 'Metso Outotec', 'The Company', 'significant changes', 'material changes', 'Southern Europe', 'Nestlé Nutrition', '00160 Helsinki', 'Proposals', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', 'notice', 'website', 'March', 'addition', 'announcement', 'participation', 'voting', 'Use', 'profit', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'October', 'regulations', 'Story', 'place', 'distribution', 'view', 'ability', 'obligations', 'connection', 'Amendment', 'increases', 'President', 'CEO', 'market', 'updated', 'Composition', 'number', 'Chair', 'election', 'France', 'Asia', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'trust', 'publ', 'Innovation', 'Technology', 'Economics', '9:00', '11:00']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18186,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-BOSKALIS-WESTMINSTE-6383/news/Royal-Boskalis-Westminster-N-Update-Public-Offer-by-HAL-for-Boskalis-42950956/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Royal Boskalis Westminster N : Update Public Offer by HAL for Boskalis,(marketscreener.com)  Papendrecht  10 February 2023   Following the completion of the Public Offer by HAL for all issued and outstanding shares in Royal Boskalis N.V. and the delisting of Boskalis as per 9 November 2022  the Amsterdam Court of Appeal has …,"Papendrecht  10 February 2023Following the completion of the Public Offer by HAL for all issued and outstanding shares in Royal Boskalis N.V. (""Boskalis"") and the delisting of Boskalis as per 9 November 2022  the Amsterdam Court of Appeal has ordered in the statutory buy-out proceedings that all remaining shares in Boskalis  held by third parties  are to be transferred to HAL against payment by HAL of EUR 33.00 per Share  increased with statutory interest from 27 September 2022 until the date of payment by HAL.To expedite such a transfer  all remaining shareholders have the opportunity to voluntarily transfer their shares to HAL between Monday 13 February 2023 and Friday 24 February 2023  17:40 CET (securities account Euroclear Nederland - Account 29183). The payment (settlement) of transferred Shares is scheduled to take place on Tuesday 28 February 2023.Any remaining shares that are not transferred during the above period will by operation of law be transferred to HAL subsequently. HAL will request Euroclear Nederland to arrange for payment of the corresponding amount to the relevant former holders of Shares in accordance with the 'Euroclear Nederland Consignatiekasprocedure'.For further information  we refer you to the website of HAL (www.halholding.com/boskalis-offer)FOR FURTHER INFORMATIONMartijn L.D. Schuttevâerpress@boskalis.comT +31 786969310Boskalis is a leading global services provider operating in the dredging  maritime infrastructure and maritime services sectors. The company provides creative and innovative all-round solutions to infrastructural challenges in the maritime  coastal and delta regions of the world. With core activities such as coastal defense  riverbank protection and land reclamation Boskalis is able to provide adaptive and mitigating solutions to combat the effects of climate change  such as extreme weather conditions and rising sea levels  as well as delivering solutions for the increasing need for space in coastal and delta regions across the world. The company facilitates the development of offshore energy infrastructure  including renewable wind energy. Boskalis is furthermore active in the construction and maintenance of ports  waterways  access channels and civil infrastructure  thus helping to facilitate trade flows and regional socio-economic development. In addition  Boskalis is a global marine salvage expert and has a strategic partnership in terminal services (Smit Lamnalco). With a versatile fleet of more than 500 vessels and floating equipment and approximately 10 000 employees  including associates  Boskalis is creating new horizons around the world.This news release can also be found on our website www.boskalis.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Royal Boskalis Westminster N', 'Public Offer', 'Update', 'HAL', 'Martijn L.D. Schuttevâer', 'global marine salvage expert', 'leading global services provider', 'Royal Boskalis N.V.', 'relevant former holders', 'extreme weather conditions', 'rising sea levels', 'renewable wind energy', 'statutory buy-out proceedings', 'maritime services sectors', 'offshore energy infrastructure', 'innovative all-round solutions', 'regional socio-economic development', 'Euroclear Nederland Consignatiekasprocedure', 'terminal services', 'maritime infrastructure', 'statutory interest', 'civil infrastructure', 'Public Offer', 'Amsterdam Court', 'third parties', 'remaining shareholders', 'corresponding amount', 'infrastructural challenges', 'maritime, coastal', 'delta regions', 'core activities', 'riverbank protection', 'land reclamation', 'mitigating solutions', 'climate change', 'increasing need', 'access channels', 'trade flows', 'strategic partnership', 'Smit Lamnalco', 'versatile fleet', 'floating equipment', 'new horizons', 'news release', 'coastal defense', 'outstanding shares', 'remaining shares', 'Monday 13 February', 'Tuesday 28 February', 'FURTHER INFORMATION', '10 February', 'Papendrecht', 'completion', 'delisting', '9 November', 'Appeal', 'payment', '27 September', 'date', 'transfer', 'opportunity', 'Friday', 'Account', 'settlement', 'place', 'above', 'period', 'operation', 'law', 'accordance', 'website', 'boskalis-offer', 'dredging', 'company', 'creative', 'world', 'adaptive', 'effects', 'space', 'construction', 'maintenance', 'ports', 'waterways', 'addition', '500 vessels', '10,000 employees', 'associates', '17']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18187,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOMA-OYJ-1412549/news/Sanoma-Oyj-Proposal-for-the-use-of-the-profit-shown-on-the-balance-sheet-and-the-payment-of-divide-42950832/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Sanoma Oyj : Proposal for the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend,(marketscreener.com)      Sanoma Corporation     Board's proposal          9 February 2023      Proposal...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOMA-OYJ-1412549/news/Sanoma-Oyj-Proposal-for-the-use-of-the-profit-shown-on-the-…,Sanoma Corporation Board's proposal 9 February 2023Proposal for the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe distributable earnings of the Parent Company according to the balance sheet of the Parent Company at 31 December 2022 were EUR 455 644 352.48 of which the profit for the financial year 2022 is EUR 123 017 461.10. Including the reserve for invested unrestricted equity of EUR 209 767 212.33  the distributable funds amounted to EUR 665 411 564.81 at 31 December 2022.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of 19 April 2023 that a dividend of EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid from the distributable earnings of the Parent Company.The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date21 April 2023. The payment date proposed by the Board of Directors for this instalment is 28 April 2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 4 September 2023.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2023. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 25 October 2023.The proposed dividend is in line with the Company's profit distribution policy.The Board of Directors proposes that 605 035 790.65 be left in the shareholders' equity and that the dividend be paid in accordance with the aforesaid.In Helsinki  9 February 2023Sanoma CorporationBoard of Directors,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Sanoma Oyj', 'balance sheet', 'Proposal', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Annual General Meeting', 'profit distribution policy', 'Sanoma Corporation Board', 'dividend record date', 'balance sheet', 'distributable earnings', 'financial year', 'unrestricted equity', 'distributable funds', 'three instalments', ""shareholders' equity"", 'payment date', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'shareholder register', 'Parent Company', 'proposal', 'use', '31 December', 'reserve', 'Directors', '19 April', '21 April', '28 April', 'September', 'November', '25 October', 'line', 'accordance', 'Helsinki', '9 February']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18188,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sampo-group-results-2022-073500981.html,Sampo Group’s results for 2022,SAMPO PLC FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 10 February 2023 at 9:35 am Sampo Group’s results for 2022 • Group P&C gross written premiums increased by 6 per cent...,Sampo plcSAMPO PLC FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 10 February 2023 at 9:35 amSampo Group’s results for 2022• Group P&C gross written premiums increased by 6 per cent year-on-year to EUR 8 136 million. The Group combined ratio was strong at 82.1 per cent (81.4).• Underwriting profit increased by 2 per cent to EUR 1 314 million (1 282). Excluding COVID-19 effects reported in 2021  underwriting profit grew 13 per cent.• The Board proposes a EUR 2.60 per share (4.10) dividend  including a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share (1.70). In addition  management is to propose a new EUR 400 million buyback programme.• The strategic review of Mandatum is ongoing  with all options still available. An update is expected to be provided by the end of the first quarter.• Group Solvency II coverage stood at 210 per cent (185)  after allowing for all the capital management actions outlined above. Financial leverage was 25.6 per cent (23.8).Key figuresEURm 2022 2021 Change  % 10–12/2022 10–12/2021 Change  % Profit before taxes 1 863 3 171 -41 390 1 197 -67 If 1 217 1 077 13 285 260 10 Topdanmark 220 346 -36 128 89 44 Hastings 73 127 -43 7 11 -34 Mandatum *) 207 291 -29 18 91 -80 Holding *) 146 1 331 -89 -48 746 - Profit for the period 1 541 2 748 -44 323 1 086 -70 Underwriting profit 1 314 1 282 2 304 297 2 Change Change Earnings per share  EUR 2.69 4.63 -1.94 0.50 1.89 -1.39 EPS (without eo. items)  EUR **) 2.41 2.86 -0.45 0.41 0.55 -0.14 EPS (including OCI)  EUR ***) -0.26 5.90 -6.16 0.71 2.22 -1.63 RoE (including OCI)  % -1.3 26.8 -28.1 - - -*) After Mandatum’s group contribution of EUR 29 million in Q4/2022 and EUR 15 million in Q4/2021 to Sampo plc.**) The accounting effects treated as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy amounted to EUR 138 million in 2022 and EUR 35 million in Q4/2022. In the comparison period  extraordinary items were EUR 982 million in 2021 and EUR 746 million in Q4/2021.Story continues***) OCI refers to Other comprehensive income.The figures in this report have not been audited.Sampo Group financial targets for 2021–2023Target 2022 Group Mid-single digit UW profit growth annually on average (excluding COVID-19 effects) 13% (2% on a reported basis) Group combined ratio: below 86% 82.1% Solvency ratio: 170-190% 210% Financial leverage: below 30% 25.6% If Combined ratio: below 85% 80.3% Hastings Operating ratio: below 88% 89.7% Loss ratio: below 76% 83.7%Year 2022 effects related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been very limited; hence  these will not be reported separately.For further information  please see section Other developments.FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR 2022Sampo Group’s core business  P&C insurance delivered strong results in 2022. Underwriting profit amounted to EUR 1 314 million (1 282)  representing year-on-year growth of 2 per cent or 13 per cent adjusted for COVID-19 effects reported in 2021. The Group combined ratio was solid at 82.1 per cent (81.4)  supported by excellent performance in Nordic P&C and benefits from higher discount rates. Excluding the reported COVID-19 effects in 2021  the combined ratio would have improved by 1.0 percentage points year-on-year. Gross written premiums increased by 6 per cent to EUR 8 136 million (7 644)  driven by strong renewals  high retention and disciplined pricing. Sampo targets mid-single digit per cent underwriting profit growth on average and a combined ratio below 86 per cent for 2021-2023.If P&C’s underwriting profit increased 11 per cent to EUR 985 million (891) and the combined ratio improved to 80.3 per cent (81.3). The result was driven by a 7.2 per cent currency adjusted premium growth and continued strong underlying performance. Premium development was supported by broad-based growth across all business areas  with Industrial and the Baltics seeing the most notable positive development. In the largest business area  Private  currency adjusted premium growth remained solid at 3.5 per cent despite a decline in Nordic new car sales. The adjusted risk ratio improved by approximately 0.5 percentage points year-on-year. In addition to the strong underwriting development  the significant changes in the interest rate environment during 2022 increased If’s fixed income running yield to 3.2 per cent (1.5). Profit before taxes increased to EUR 1 217 million (1 077).Topdanmark’s profit before taxes for 2022 in Sampo Group’s profit and loss account decreased to EUR 220 million (346)  as the investment result was affected by the adverse market environment. The sale of Topdanmark life insurance business in the fourth quarter of 2022 supported the result by EUR 72 million. The combined ratio stood at 83.1 per cent (82.3).Hastings reported solid top-line growth with resilient margins in a challenging UK motor insurance market  in which the claims inflation remained elevated throughout the year. Gross written premiums grew by 15 per cent on a currency adjusted basis in 2022  supported by high retention and disciplined pricing. Live customer policies increased 2 per cent year-on-year to over 3.2 million  driven by a 33 per cent growth in home insurance  while motor policy count was stable. Hastings’ operating ratio increased to 89.7 per cent (80.3). Profit before taxes amounted to EUR 73 million (127)  or EUR 131 million (168) excluding the non-operational depreciation and amortisation.The Mandatum segment’s profit before taxes for 2022 decreased to EUR 207 million (291)  reflecting lower realised gains and an increase in the group contribution to Sampo plc to EUR 29 million (15). Mandatum’s net flows in third-party assets remained positive in every quarter  but were outweighed by the decline in market values  leading to assets under management of EUR 10.3 billion at the end of 2022  down from EUR 11.1 billion at the year-end 2021. Mandatum Life’s Solvency II ratio increased to 248 per cent (190)  driven by higher interest rates and lower solvency capital requirement.The profit before taxes of EUR 1 863 million (3 171) for 2022 includes accounting effects of EUR 138 million (982) defined as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy. Of the total amount  EUR 103 million related to the sale of Nordea shares  EUR 72 million to the sale of Topdanmark Life and EUR -37 million to the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment. Excluding these items  the profit before taxes declined to EUR 1 725 million (2 189)  mainly as a result of Nordea no longer being consolidated as an associate. The total comprehensive income  which takes changes in the market values of assets into account  was affected by the adverse capital markets environment and amounted to EUR -26 million (3 448).Sampo Group’s year-end 2022 Solvency II ratio stood at 210 per cent  up from 185 per cent at the year-end 2021  but down from 256 per cent at the end of the third quarter. The decrease over the third quarter was primarily driven by the inclusion of the dividend proposal and the planned new buyback programme. Sampo targets a solvency ratio of 170–190 per cent.Sampo Group’s financial leverage was 25.6 per cent at the end of 2022  up from 23.8 per cent at the end of 2021  but slightly down from 25.9 per cent at the end of the third quarter. Sampo targets a financial leverage ratio below 30 per cent.Sampo plc’s Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share for the 2022 financial year to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023. This consists of a regular dividend (formerly known as the insurance dividend as introduced at the 2021 CMD) of EUR 1.80 per share (1.70)  representing growth of 6 per cent  and an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share. In addition to the dividend  management is to propose to the Board a new EUR 400 million buyback programme.The implementation of IFRS 17 and 9 on 1 January 2023 will bring asset and liability side mark-to-market effects into Sampo’s reported net income. As a result  the Sampo Board has decided to adjust the Group’s dividend policy  such that the payout ratio is measured against a newly defined operational result rather than net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary  as previously. The change is not expected to have any significant effect on the size and trajectory of dividends. The adjusted dividend policy is described in the section Dividend proposal.On 7 December 2022  Sampo plc announced that the Board of Directors had decided to undertake a strategic review of Mandatum in line with Sampo’s strategic focus on P&C insurance. The Board continues to review a number of different options  with the aim to evaluate whether a separation of Mandatum could create shareholder value. Sampo expects to provide a further update on the strategic review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.In 2022  Sampo repurchased its own shares through three buyback programmes. Of the latest buyback programme of EUR 1 billion  launched on 9 June 2022  EUR 845 million had been executed at year-end 2022. The programme was completed on 8 February 2023. In total  Sampo repurchased 32 million shares for a total of EUR 1.4 billion in 2022.FOURTH QUARTER 2022 IN BRIEFIn October-December 2022  Sampo Group reported profit before taxes of EUR 390 million (1 197). Excluding accounting effects treated as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy  profit before taxes amounted to EUR 355 million (452). Earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.50 (1.89)  or EUR 0.41 (0.55) excluding extraordinary items. Total comprehensive income  which takes changes in the market values of assets into account  amounted to EUR 448 million (1 269).Group underwriting profit increased to EUR 304 million (297). Excluding COVID-19 effects reported in the comparison period  underwriting profit grew by 12 per cent. The Group combined ratio amounted to 83.7 per cent (83.0).If P&C reported profit before taxes of EUR 285 million (260) and underwriting profit of EUR 229 million (210). The combined ratio was 81.7 per cent (82.9) and gross written premium growth 7.8 per cent on a currency adjusted basis. The adjusted risk ratio  which excludes the impact of large losses  severe weather  reported COVID-19 effects and prior year development  improved by 0.2 percentage points year-on-year.Topdanmark’s profit before taxes amounted to EUR 128 million (89) and combined ratio was 82.1 per cent (80.6).Hastings profit before taxes amounted to EUR 7 million (11). The operating ratio deteriorated to 94.0 per cent (87.9)  driven by increased claims frequency due to harsh weather conditions particularly in December. Gross written premiums increased by 31 per cent year-on-year on a currency adjusted basis. Live customer policy count remained stable  supported by continued strong growth in home insurance.The Mandatum segment’s profit before taxes amounted to EUR 18 million (91)  net of a profit contribution to Sampo plc of EUR 29 million (15). Excluding the profit contribution  profit before taxes stood at EUR 47 million (106). Mandatum’s third-party assets under management increased to EUR 10.3 billion from EUR 10.1 billion at the end of the third quarter  supported by strong net flows of EUR 213 million during the quarter.GROUP CEO’S COMMENTSampo’s fourth quarter was characterised by strong operational execution  robust financial results and further steps on our strategic agenda. As we conclude a successful year  I am delighted that we are announcing EUR 1.7 billion (EUR 3.40 per share) of planned capital returns to shareholders.Sampo’s P&C insurance operations delivered excellent fourth quarter underwriting results of EUR 304 million  representing 13 per cent year-on-year growth  after adjusting for COVID-19 effects in the prior year. Notably  this result was achieved despite adverse weather in the form of heavy snowfall and cold weather. As always  our focus has been on assisting affected customers through superior service  which is a cornerstone of our strategy and instrumental in securing high retention rates over the long term.The result was driven mainly by our Nordic P&C business  where If grew underwriting profit excluding COVID-19 effects by 23 per cent  supported by an excellent fourth quarter combined ratio of 81.7 per cent and currency adjusted premium growth of 7.8 per cent. Importantly  our Nordic customer retention has remained high as we continue to cover claims inflation of 4–5 per cent with rate increases. The strongest pricing momentum is observed in Industrial  but fourth quarter premium growth also benefited from a stabilisation of new cars sales  albeit at a relatively low level  including support from high electric vehicle sales.In the UK  market conditions remained challenging  but Hastings achieved premium growth of 15 per cent over 2022 as it implemented significant rate increases to cover claims inflation of 12 per cent. Adverse weather had a negative impact on Hastings’ operating ratio  pushing this to 89.7 per cent for 2022 as a whole. Although above our annual 88 per cent target  Hastings has delivered a relatively resilient result in what has been a challenging year for the UK motor market. I believe this reflects skilful operational execution and the company’s strong positioning and capabilities  which I expect will enable attractive profit growth as market conditions improve.In the capital markets  the fourth quarter saw further increases in interest rates and positive development in equity markets. Due to the short duration of our fixed income portfolio  we were able to continue to rapidly increase our running yield. Over 2022  higher running yields have added roughly EUR 230 million to Sampo’s annual pre-tax earning power  with the largest contribution coming from If P&C  which has more than doubled its running yield to 3.2 per cent (1.5).In December  Sampo’s Board of Directors launched a strategic review of Mandatum to evaluate whether separating the entity from the Group could add shareholder value. As a pure P&C insurer  Sampo could deliver higher and more resilient returns on capital  while an independent Mandatum would enjoy greater strategic flexibility to invest in growth. On the other hand  Mandatum makes an attractive contribution to the Group’s cash flow that supports value creation over time. We expect to provide an update on the review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.Turning to capital management  Sampo remains committed to capital discipline with a EUR 2.60 per share dividend proposal for 2022 and a EUR 400 million share buyback programme  which management is to propose. Adjusting for these actions  the Group retains EUR 2 per share of excess capital above the needs of the insurance operations  most of which is tied into private equity investments held in Sampo plc.Torbjörn MagnussonGroup CEOOUTLOOKOutlook for 2023Sampo Group’s P&C insurance operations are expected to achieve underwriting margins that meet the annual targets set for 2021–2023. At Group level  Sampo targets a combined ratio of below 86 per cent  while the target for its largest subsidiary  If P&C  is below 85 per cent. Hastings targets an operating ratio of below 88 per cent.The combined and operating ratios of Sampo Group’s P&C insurance operations are subject to volatility driven by  among other factors  seasonal weather patterns  large claims and prior year development. These effects are particularly relevant for individual segments and business areas  such as the Danish and UK operations.The mark-to-market component of the net financial result will be significantly influenced by capital markets’ developments  particularly in life insurance.With regard to Topdanmark  reference is made to the profit forecast model that the company publishes on a quarterly basis.The major risks and uncertainties for the Group in the near-termIn its current day-to-day business activities Sampo Group is exposed to various risks and uncertainties  mainly through its major business units.Major risks affecting the Group companies’ profitability and its variation are market  credit  insurance and operational risks. At the Group level  sources of risks are the same  although they are not directly additive due to the effects of diversification.Uncertainties in the form of major unforeseen events may have an immediate impact on the Group’s profitability. The identification of unforeseen events is easier than the estimation of their probabilities  timing  and potential outcomes. During 2022 the global economy was hit by the war in Ukraine and at the same time  inflation pressures intensified and broadened forcing central banks to raise interest rates sharply. This may lead to both a further significant slowdown in economic growth and a deterioration in the debt service capacity of businesses  households and governments. Furthermore  the re-alignment of energy supplies in Europe takes time and the energy crisis could continue for several years. These developments are currently causing significant uncertainties in economic and capital market development. At the same time rapidly evolving hybrid threats create new challenges for states and businesses. There are also a number of widely identified macroeconomic  political and other sources of uncertainty which can  in various ways  affect the financial services industry in a negative manner.Other sources of uncertainty are unforeseen structural changes in the business environment and already identified trends and potential wide-impact events. These external drivers may have a long-term impact on how Sampo Group’s business will be conducted. Examples of identified trends are demographic changes  sustainability issues  and technological developments in areas such as artificial intelligence and digitalisation including threats posed by cybercrime.DIVIDEND PROPOSALDividendUnder Sampo Group’s capital management framework  Sampo will return ongoing surplus capital generation from its insurance operations through a regular dividend. Other forms of surplus capital generation  including possible proceeds from disposals of financial investments  are returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that the funds are not utilised to support business development. Sampo targets a Solvency II ratio of 170–190 per cent and financial leverage below 30 per cent.According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applied for distribution of 2022 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s net profit for the year (excluding extraordinary items). In 2022  accounting items related to the sale of Nordea shares  the sale of Topdanmark life insurance operations and the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment have been defined as extraordinary in accordance with Sampo’s dividend policy.The parent company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 6 716 million of which profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 1 780 million. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 2.60 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 22 May 2023. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share.As earnings per share excluding extraordinary items amounted to EUR 2.41 per share  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 108 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2022 year-end distributable funds amounted to EUR 5 378 million  Group Solvency II ratio to 210 per cent and financial leverage to 28.6 per cent.Dividend paymentThe dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 31 May 2023.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish kronor.Financial positionNo significant changes have taken place in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposed distributions do not jeopardise the company's ability to fulfil its obligations.Adjustment to Sampo Group’s dividend policyThe implementation of IFRS 17 and 9 on 1 January 2023 will bring asset and liability side mark-to-market effects into Sampo’s reported net income. As a result  the Sampo Board has decided to adjust the Group’s dividend policy  such that the minimum payout ratio of 70 per cent is measured against a newly defined operational result rather than net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary  as previously. The change is not expected to have any significant effect on the size and trajectory of dividends. The adjustment is effective to payouts made in respect of the 2023 and later financial years’.According to the updated dividend policy  Sampo is to pay a stable and sustainable regular dividend that grows in line with the Group’s earnings over time. Total annual dividends paid will be at least 70 per cent of Group’s operational result.The operational result is similar to net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary used under IFRS 4  with the main differences being that it excludes all result effects from discount rate changes as well as non-operational amortisation in Sampo’s P&C operations  and that Mandatum’s profit is replaced with the dividend stream that it provides to Sampo plc. The full definition of the operational result can be found at www.sampo.com/dividend .Sampo is committed to operating a strong and efficient balance sheet  as defined by the Group’s capital management framework. To enable this  regular dividends can be complemented with distributions of excess capital via share buybacks and/or extra dividends.OTHER DEVELOPMENTSStrategic review of MandatumOn 7 December 2022  Sampo plc announced that the Board of Directors had decided to undertake a strategic review of Mandatum in line with Sampo’s strategic focus on P&C insurance. The Board continues to review a number of different options  with the aim to evaluate whether a separation of Mandatum could create shareholder value.The Board of Directors of Sampo plc is content with the current Group structure as it offers diversification in terms of business exposures as well as capital and cash generation. Sampo expects to provide a further update on the strategic review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIODShare buyback programmeSampo’s share buyback programme of EUR 1 billion announced on 9 June 2022 continued after the end of the reporting period. The buyback programme was completed on 8 February 2023  when at market close  the company held  after cancellation of the own shares on 8 December 2022  in total 5.4 million Sampo A shares representing 1.05 per cent of the total number of shares in Sampo plc. Sampo had bought altogether 22.1 million A shares under the share buyback programme between 10 June 2022 and 8 February 2023  of which 16.7 million shares were cancelled on 8 December 2022. Further information on the buyback programme is available on www.sampo.com/sharebuyback .Proposal for the new Chair of the BoardSampo disclosed on 30 January 2023 that its Nomination and Remuneration Committee plans to propose previous Board member Antti Mäkinen as a new member of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc at the Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2023  and to nominate him as Chair of the Board of Directors. Björn Wahlroos  the current Chair of the Board of Directors  has previously notified that he is not available for re-election.Mäkinen has managerial experience of over 20 years in the financial services industry  including Nordea  eQ plc and SEB Enskilda Securities. He was previously CEO of Solidium  and he has been on the Board of Directors of e.g. Sampo and Metso Outotec and the Chair of Stora Enso. Mäkinen was born in 1961 and holds a diploma of Master of Laws from University of Helsinki.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Knut Arne Alsaker  Group CFO  tel. +358 10 516 0010Sami Taipalus  Head of Investor Relations  tel. +358 10 516 0030Maria Silander  Communications Manager  Media Relations  tel. +358 10 516 0031Conference callA conference call for investors and analysts will be arranged at 2 pm Finnish time (12 pm UK time). Please call tel. +1 786 697 3501  +44 33 0551 0200  +46 8 5052 0424  or +358 9 2319 5437.Conference passcode: Sampo.The conference call can also be followed live at www.sampo.com/result . A recorded version will later be available at the same address.In addition  the Investor Presentation is available at www.sampo.com/result .Sampo will publish the Interim Statement for January - March 2023 on 10 May 2023.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.12,0.32,True,English,"['Sampo Group', 'results', '2022', 'mid-single digit per cent underwriting profit growth', 'Mid-single digit UW profit growth', 'challenging UK motor insurance market', 'Group P&C gross written premiums', '7.2 per cent currency adjusted premium growth', 'new EUR 400 million buyback programme', 'SAMPO PLC FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE', 'Nordic new car sales', 'Group Solvency II coverage', 'Topdanmark life insurance business', 'Sampo Group financial targets', 'The Group combined ratio', 'P&C insurance', 'currency adjusted basis', 'Nordic P&C', 'solid top-line growth', 'adverse market environment', 'higher discount rates', 'interest rate environment', 'Live customer policies', 'largest business area', 'notable positive development', 'capital management actions', 'Other comprehensive income', 'strong underlying performance', 'strong underwriting development', 'Hastings Operating ratio', 'Change Change Earnings', 'Premium development', 'broad-based growth', 'Solvency ratio', 'year growth', 'group contribution', 'Target 2022 Group', '6 per cent', '82.1 per cent', '210 per cent', '80.3 per cent', '3.5 per cent', '3.2 per cent', '83.1 per cent', '15 per cent', 'Financial leverage', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'core business', 'business areas', 'Other developments', 'excellent performance', 'strong renewals', 'risk ratio', 'fixed income', 'COVID-19 effects', 'regular dividend', 'strategic review', 'first quarter', 'accounting effects', 'Loss ratio', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'strong results', '1.0 percentage points', 'high retention', 'disciplined pricing', '0.5 percentage points', 'significant changes', 'fourth quarter', 'resilient margins', 'claims inflation', 'extraordinary items', 'Key figures', 'comparison period', 'investment result', 'Year 2022 effects', '13 per', '44 Hastings', 'February', 'Board', 'share', 'addition', 'Mandatum', 'options', 'update', 'taxes', 'Holding', 'EPS', 'eo.', 'OCI', 'RoE', 'Q4', 'accordance', 'policy', 'Story', 'report', 'information', 'section', 'benefits', 'Industrial', 'Baltics', 'Private', 'decline', 'yield', '60', '85', '76']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18189,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2606148/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-31-January-2023.html,BUREAU VERITAS : Number of shares and voting rights as of 31 January 2023,PRESS RELEASE  Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 10  2023  Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16 of the......,English FrenchPRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – February 10  2023Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulatedby article 223-16 of the general regulations of theFrench financial markets authority AMFDate Number of shares(1) Number of voting rights 31/01/2023 452 501 915 Theoretical number of voting rights: 622 217 368Number of exercisable voting rights: 622 112 609(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2023.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel.: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 40/52 boulevard du Parc www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 279 383.04 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'shares', '31 January', 'Société Anonyme Immeuble Newtime Fax', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', 'French financial markets authority', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Seine RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'general regulations', 'stock options', '40/52 boulevard', 'Share capital', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'February', 'Information', 'article', 'AMF', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'Parc', 'bureauveritas', 'Neuilly', '33', '1']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18190,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOMA-OYJ-1412549/news/Sanoma-Oyj-Proposal-for-authorising-the-Board-of-Directors-to-decide-on-on-the-repurchase-of-the-C-42950827/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Sanoma Oyj : Proposal for authorising the Board of Directors to decide on on the repurchase of the Company's own shares,(marketscreener.com)      Sanoma Corporation     Board's proposal          9 February 2023      Proposal...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOMA-OYJ-1412549/news/Sanoma-Oyj-Proposal-for-authorising-the-Board-of-Directors-…,"Sanoma Corporation Board's proposal 9 February 2023Proposal for authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesSanoma Corporation's Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting of 19 April 2023 that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own shares (""Authorisation)"" on the following terms and conditions:Maximum amount of shares repurchasedWith this Authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company's own shares (approximately 9.8 % of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments.Repurchase of the shares and repurchase priceThe own shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders' equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The shares shall be repurchased either through a tender offer made to all shareholders on equal terms or otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders  at their current price in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The repurchase of shares shall be made and the price paid in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy.The price of the shares repurchased with this Authorisation shall be based on the market price of Sanoma share in public trading  so that the minimum price of the shares to be repurchased is the lowest market price and the maximum price is the highest market price noted in the public trading during the Authorisation period.Retention  cancelling and transfer of the sharesThe shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company's capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company's incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled.Other terms and validityThe Board of Directors shall decide on other issues related to the share repurchase.The Authorisation shall be valid until 30 June 2024 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 7 April 2022.In Helsinki  9 February 2023Sanoma CorporationBoard of Directors",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Sanoma Oyj', 'Proposal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'repurchase', 'Company', 'shares', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'potential corporate acquisitions', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'other business arrangements', ""unrestricted shareholders' equity"", 'lowest market price', 'highest market price', 'Sanoma Corporation Board', 'Sanoma share', 'Other terms', 'other issues', 'following terms', 'several instalments', 'tender offer', 'equal terms', 'public trading', 'capital structure', 'incentive programme', 'current price', 'minimum price', 'Maximum amount', 'maximum price', 'Authorisation period', 'corresponding authorisation', 'share repurchase', 'repurchase price', 'treasury shares', 'proposal', 'Directors', 'Company', '19 April', 'conditions', 'one', 'funds', 'repurchases', 'distribution', 'profits', 'proportion', 'accordance', 'rules', 'Retention', 'transfer', 'agreements', 'part', 'validity', '30 June', '7 April', '9 February']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18191,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sanoma-corporation-full-2022-result-063000429.html,Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and operational EBIT was affected by inflation,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:30 EET Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and...,Sanoma CorpSanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:30 EETSanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and operational EBIT was affected by inflationThis release is a summary of Sanoma’s Full-Year 2022 Result. The complete report is attached to this release and is also available at www.sanoma.com/en/investors .Q4 2022The Group’s net sales grew to EUR 260 million (2021: 252). The positive impact of the acquisition of Pearson Italy and Germany was partially offset by lower advertising sales. The Group’s comparable growth was ‑3% (2021: 6%).Operational EBIT excl. PPA was seasonally negative and amounted to EUR -2 million (2021: -5).EBIT was EUR -21 million (2021: -19). Items affecting comparability (IACs) increased to EUR -8 million (2021: -5) and were mainly related to recent acquisitions in Learning. Purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs) grew to EUR 11 million (2021: 8) as a result of the acquisition of the Italian and German business.Operational EPS was EUR -0.07 (2021: -0.06).EPS was EUR -0.13 (2021: -0.09).On 16 December 2022  Sanoma received a payment decision regarding tax audits for 2019−2021 concerning the VAT treatment of magazine distribution in Media Finland  from which it will appeal. Based on the decision received  Sanoma paid EUR 11 million of VAT  penalties and interests at year end 2022 in order to avoid further interest accumulation. For dividend calculation purposes  the Group’s free cash flow will be adjusted for the prepayment.On 7 November 2022  Sanoma signed a EUR 300 million syndicated revolving credit facility replacing its earlier facility of the same size  and syndicated its EUR 250 million 4-year term loan used for the acquisition of Pearson Italy and Germany with a group of ten relationship banks.On 26 October  the Board of Directors decided the record date and payment date of the second dividend instalment of EUR 0.27 per share. The dividend record date was 28 October and the payment date 4 November.On 4 October  Sanoma divested Eduarte  a Dutch student administration system provider for vocational education  in line with the strategy to harmonise its digital offering across the learning business.FY 2022The Group’s net sales grew to EUR 1 298 million (2021: 1 252) mainly driven by the acquisition of the Italian and German learning business from Pearson. The Group’s comparable net sales growth was 1% (2021: 7%).Operational EBIT excl. PPA declined to EUR 189 million (2021: 197)  corresponding to a margin of 14.6% (2021: 15.8%). Earnings were stable in Learning and declined in Media Finland mainly due to lower advertising sales and higher paper costs.EBIT was EUR 112 million (2021: 142). IACs increased to EUR -38 million (2021: -16) mainly due to transaction and integration costs of recent acquisitions as well as impairments in Learning. PPAs were EUR 39 million (2021: 39).Operational EPS was EUR 0.65 (2021: 0.69).EPS was EUR 0.47 (2021: 0.62).Free cash flow declined to EUR 112 million (2021: 140) mainly due to lower earnings  as well as higher working capital  investments and taxes. It includes a significant positive contribution from the working capital of the acquired Italian and German businesses due to the timing of the acquisition.Net debt/Adj. EBITDA increased to 3.2 (2021: 2.4) mainly as a result of the acquisition in Italy and Germany.On 31 August  Sanoma completed the acquisition of Pearson’s local K12 learning content business in Italy and its small exam preparation business in Germany.On 7 June  Sanoma announced its strategic growth ambition to increase the Group’s net sales to over EUR 2 billion by 2030  with at least 75% coming from the learning business.The Board proposes a dividend of 0.37 € per share (2021: 0.54)  corresponding to 93% of the underlying free cash flow. The dividend will be paid in three instalments  EUR 0.13 on 28 April  EUR 0.13 in September and EUR 0.11 in November.Outlook for 2023In 2023  Sanoma expects that the Group’s reported net sales will be EUR 1.35‒1.4 billion (2022: 1.3). The Group’s operational EBIT excl. PPA is expected to be EUR 150−180 million (2022: 189).Regarding the operating environment  Sanoma expects that:The economies in the Group’s operating countries  particularly in Finland  will experience a mild recession.The advertising market in Finland will decline slightly  with most of the decline during the first half of the year.President and CEO Susan Duinhoven:”In light of the significant changes in the world around us  2022 was another solid year of transformation for Sanoma –although being very different from what we expected twelve months ago  just coming out of the coronavirus pandemic. In Learning  one of the highlights in 2022 was the acquisition of two established learning businesses in Italy and Germany from Pearson. We were happy to welcome these strong teams to Sanoma at the end of August. The acquired businesses fit well in our learning portfolio and strategy  and the acquisition had already a modest positive contribution to our net sales growth and operational EBIT  and due to the timing of the acquisition also a significant one to the free cash flow. The integration has started according to our plans and playbook and we expect the separation from Pearson and integration into Sanoma to be a sizable project over the next 18−24 months.Net sales of Learning grew by 7% driven by the acquired Italian and German businesses. Organic growth was good across our operating countries except – in line with our expectations – in Poland  where the latest curriculum renewal ended in 2021. In Spain  the implementation of the major educational reform and curriculum renewal  LOMLOE  started a bit more fragmented than we had anticipated. However  it created solid growth in the demand for learning content in 2022  which is expected to continue also in 2023 extending most likely even into 2024. The inflationary cost increases impacted the earnings in Learning  as we typically can set our prices only once a year. Now for 2023  we have been able to adapt the prices for our products and services and we expect that it will take 1−2 years to fully mitigate the cost increases in most of our markets. Especially the higher personnel costs that in most of our businesses will impact us only from 2023 onwards  will take some time to mitigate. Despite the inflationary cost increases  the operational earnings remained stable in most of our businesses. The main exception was the Dutch distribution business that suffered during the summer period from labour shortage and related sharp increase in hiring costs  delays due to supply chain issues with our main supplier and the general inflationary cost pressures.In Media Finland  net sales were stable  while operational earnings declined driven by lower advertising sales and significantly higher paper costs. The active cost containment by the teams across fixed cost categories was not able to fully offset the adverse inflationary impact on Media Finland’s operational earnings. One of the highlights of the year was the clear growth in the number of visits to all our digital news platforms  especially Ilta-Sanomat  as well as solid growth in the digitally active subscription base of both Helsingin Sanomat and the regional news media titles. Subscription sales were stable  while the total number of subscribers declined slightly towards the end of the year reflecting the weakening consumer confidence in Finland. During the second half of the year  advertising sales declined year-on-year compared to the strong demand in 2021 that was driven by the recovery from the coronavirus pandemic.Sustainability is at the core of both our learning and media business. During the year  we continued our actions towards our targets by focusing on improving diversity  equality and inclusion across Sanoma and sending our climate targets for validation to the Science-Based Targets initiative. Our progressive and holistic approach to sustainability was reflected in continued improvement in key ESG ratings and inclusion into the Nasdaq OMX Sustainability Finland Index. We were delighted to also see that our Employee Experience Index remained stable at the good level of 7.3  even in a year that put quite some challenges and hardship for our teams  and we continued to exceed the European benchmark that was 7.1.Compared to last year  our free cash flow declined significantly. The main reasons for this were higher investments in digital development in Learning  adaptation of our offices to the hybrid way of working as well as lower EBITDA and costs related to the recent acquisition in Learning. This was mostly compensated by the working capital that came with the acquired businesses due to the timing of the acquisition. Without a similar benefit from the Italian and German acquisition as seen in 2022  we expect the Group’s 2023 free cash flow to temporarily decline  being impacted by the lower earnings expected in our Finnish media business  continued investments in our digital platforms and integration of the recently acquired businesses together with significantly higher financial expenses.The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.37 (2021: 0.54)  corresponding to a yield of 3.8% on the end of 2022 share price and 93% of the underlying free cash flow. This proposal balances the capital use between the dividend and our continuing investments in growing the business further.We expect the challenging operating environment to continue  leading to a mild recession in most of our operating countries. This will be impacting our performance in 2023  and thus our Outlook for 2023 shows growth in net sales with slightly lower operational EBIT. In 2023  we will focus on further building the long-term strengths of our businesses around learning content  harmonisation of digital learning platforms and leading offering in digital news and entertainment  and thus coming out of the recession even stronger than we went in. At the same time  we will intensify our thoughtful cost management and highly selective approach to growth investments. We remain fully committed to our growth strategy as well as our long-term financial targets. We are aiming for the Group net sales to be above EUR 2 billion  with at least 75% coming from the learning business  which we aim to achieve through organic growth and further acquisitions within K12 learning services. Also in the shorter term  we continue to be interested in value creating acquisitions in K12 learning content  especially in-market acquisitions  even though our main focus this year will be on integrations and gaining the scale benefits that our European portfolio can offer.I would like to extend my great thanks to all Sanoma employees for their excellent work  tenacity and strong commitment to supporting our customers in these more challenging times. Thanks to our teams  we were able to continue our growth  operational development and solid financial performance throughout the year 2022. I also want to thank our customers and shareholders for their continued support and interest in selecting Sanoma as their partner and investment respectively. Together we will continue on our strategic path with an aim to grow and further strengthen our positions and improve our performance in the years ahead.’’Key indicators for continuing operationsEUR million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Net sales 259.5 252.4 3% 1 298.3 1 251.6 4% Operational EBITDA 1) 45.3 42.1 7% 355.4 361.0 -2% Margin 1) 17.4% 16.7% 27.4% 28.8% Operational EBIT excl. PPA 2) -2.3 -5.2 56% 189.3 197.2 -4% Margin 2) -0.9% -2.1% 14.6% 15.8% EBIT -20.8 -18.5 -13% 112.0 142.4 -21% Result for the period -21.1 -13.9 -52% 77.0 101.4 -24% Operational EPS  EUR 1) -0.07 -0.06 -12% 0.65 0.69 -6% EPS  EUR -0.13 -0.09 -48% 0.47 0.62 -24% Average number of employees (FTE) 5 018 4 885 3% Number of employees at the end ofthe period (FTE) 5 079 4 822 5%Key indicators incl. continuing and discontinued operations 3)EUR million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Result for the period -21.1 -14.0 -50% 77.0 101.2 -24% Free cash flow 64.2 55.2 16% 111.7 139.7 -20% Equity ratio 4) 35.8% 40.6% Net debt 823.4 616.4 34% Net debt / Adj. EBITDA 3.2 2.4 35% Operational EPS  EUR 1) -0.07 -0.07 -10% 0.65 0.69 -6% EPS  EUR -0.13 -0.09 -47% 0.47 0.61 -24% Free cash flow per share  EUR 0.39 0.34 16% 0.68 0.86 -20% Dividend per share  EUR 0.375) 0.541) Excluding IACs2) Excluding IACs and purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs)3) In 2021  discontinued operations included certain Learning operations that were under strategic review. More information on discontinued operations’ financial performance is available on p. 38.4) Advances received included in the formula of equity ratio were EUR 142.0 million in FY 2022 (2021: 155.2).5) 2022 is a proposal of the Board of Directors to the AGM.Dividend proposalOn 31 December 2022  Sanoma Corporation’s distributable funds were EUR 456 million  of which profit for the year made up EUR 123 million. Including the fund for non-restricted equity of EUR 210 million  the distributable funds amounted to EUR 665 million. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that:A dividend of EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid for the year 2022. The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date for this instalment is 28 April 2023. Record date for the second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in September  and the estimated payment date will be in September 2023. Record date for the third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in October  and the estimated payment date will be in November 2023.The amount left in equity shall be EUR 605 million.According to its dividend policy  Sanoma aims to pay an increasing dividend  equal to 40–60% of the annual free cash flow. When proposing a dividend to the AGM  the Board of Directors looks at the general macro-economic environment  Sanoma’s current and target capital structure  Sanoma’s future business plans and investment needs  as well as both previous year’s cash flows and expected future cash flows affecting capital structure.Analyst and investor conferenceAn analyst and investor conference will be held in English by the President and CEO Susan Duinhoven and CFO Alex Green at 11:00 EET at Sanomatalo  Flik Studio Eliel  1st floor  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki.The conference can be followed as a live webcast at https://sanoma.videosync.fi/q4-2022-result .Management presentation is followed by a Q&A session. Questions can be placed through the webcast chat function or by phone. To ask questions by phone  the participant is required to register at https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=10010424 . After the registration you will receive the phone number and conference ID to access the conference. If you wish to ask a question  please press *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the queue.An on-demand replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conference at www.sanoma.com/en/investors .Interview opportunities for media by Teams or by phone are available after the conference. Media representatives are asked to book interviews via Communications Director Marcus Wiklund  marcus.wiklund@sanoma.com .Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2022  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 14.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.4,0.08,0.52,True,English,"['Sanoma Corporation', 'Net sales', 'operational EBIT', 'Full-Year', 'inflation', 'EUR 300 million syndicated revolving credit facility', 'Dutch student administration system provider', 'EUR 250 million 4-year term loan', 'local K12 learning content business', 'Purchase price allocation adjustments', 'small exam preparation business', 'underlying free cash flow', 'two established learning businesses', 'comparable net sales growth', 'ten relationship banks', 'second dividend instalment', 'strategic growth ambition', 'CEO Susan Duinhoven', 'higher paper costs', 'Net debt/Adj. EBITDA', 'higher working capital', 'significant positive contribution', 'lower advertising sales', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'German learning business', 'comparable growth', 'earlier facility', 'German business', 'advertising market', 'positive impact', 'integration costs', 'significant changes', 'learning portfolio', 'lower earnings', 'complete report', 'recent acquisitions', 'tax audits', 'magazine distribution', 'interest accumulation', 'calculation purposes', 'same size', 'record date', 'payment date', 'vocational education', 'digital offering', 'three instalments', 'operating environment', 'operating countries', 'mild recession', 'first half', 'coronavirus pandemic', 'strong teams', 'modest pos', 'operational EBIT', 'The Group', 'Operational EPS', 'payment decision', 'VAT treatment', 'The Board', 'Full-Year 2022 Result', 'solid year', 'Sanoma Corp', 'Pearson Italy', 'Media Finland', '10 February', '8:30 EET', 'inflation', 'summary', 'investors', 'Germany', 'PPA', 'Items', 'comparability', 'IACs', 'amortisations', 'Italian', '16 December', 'penalties', 'interests', 'order', 'prepayment', '7 November', '26 October', 'Directors', 'share', '28 October', '4 October', 'Eduarte', 'line', 'strategy', 'FY', 'margin', 'transaction', 'impairments', 'investments', 'taxes', 'timing', '31 August', '7 June', '28 April', 'September', 'Outlook', 'economies', 'President', 'light', 'world', 'transformation', '2019', '0.37', '2023']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18192,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOMA-OYJ-1412549/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Sanoma-Corporation-42949436/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation,(marketscreener.com) Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:35 EET Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation Notice is given to the shareholders of Sanoma Corporation to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wedn…,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:35 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Sanoma Corporation (“Sanoma” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 19 April 2023 at 14:00 (EET) at Sanomatalo.For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity has been reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice (Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting). In addition  the shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com and submit questions in advance as well as during the general meeting through a chat function. These functionalities supporting unofficial remote participation will be organized only if it is technically possible.The official venue is the Mediatori in the Sanomatalo building. The address is Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets at the meeting venue shall commence at 13:00 (EET). There will be no catering at the general meeting. Sanoma recommends shareholders to arrive at the venue using public transportation. No parking has been arranged for the shareholders at the meeting venue.A. Matters on the Agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters shall be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report  and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid for the year 2022.The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date proposed by the Board of Directors for this instalment is 28 April 2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 4 September 2023.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2023. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 25 October 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2022 prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 7 April 2022 by the Company’s Annual General Meeting is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com at the latest on week 10  commencing on 6 March 2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting to adopt the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Consideration of the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodiesThe Remuneration Policy of the Company’s governing bodies was previously adopted in the 2022 Annual General Meeting and is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com. The remuneration policy must be presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years or every time a material change is made.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Policy be amended as follows:The length of the performance period of the long-term incentive plans will be one to three years (earlier two years). The performance period is followed by a vesting period  duration of which is dependent on the length of the performance period and varies from two years (when the performance period is one year) to no vesting period (when the performance period is three years).The proposal for the new Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website www.sanoma.com.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Policy for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting on the Remuneration Policy is advisory.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  Board Committees and the Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the monthly remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged.The monthly remunerations are EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetingsFor the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all shares and votes of the Company have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the meeting fees of the members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine.14. Election of the Chair  the Vice Chair and the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors comprises the following members: Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Denise Koopmans  Sebastian Langenskiöld and Eugenie van Wiechen as a new member  and that the term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. Rafaela Seppälä has informed that she is not available for re-election.In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed that Pekka Ala-Pietilä is elected as the Chair and Nils Ittonen as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Essential biographical information and information on independence on all Board member candidates is given on the Company's website at www.sanoma.com. All the proposed individuals have given their consent to being elected.Eugenie van Wiechen  b. 1969  Dutch national  MBA  INSEAD France 1997  MSc. (drs.) Chemical Engineering  University of Amsterdam 1994  Research Scholar  Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. Harvard Medical School 1994. Eugenie van Wiechen currently works as CEO 2014- and Publishing Director 2011- at FD Mediagroep. Previously she has worked as Managing Director of LinkedIn Corporation  the Netherlands 2009-2011  Managing Director of Marktplaats  eBay 2008-2009 as well as in different positions in Sanoma Uitgevers B.V. 2003-2008 and at McKinsey & Company 1995-2003.With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has estimated that in addition to the qualifications of the individual candidates for the Board of Directors  the proposed Board of Directors as a whole provides excellent competence and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements set for a listed company by the Corporate Governance Code.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Director’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid according to invoice approved by the Company.16. Election of AuditorThe Auditor will be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term that is determined in the Articles of Association of the Company. The term expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election. In accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor shall be audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  is the auditor with principal responsibility. The term of the Auditor will expire at the end of the Annual General meeting in 2024.Auditors give their report for the financial year 2023 also on the adoption of the Financial Statements  whether the proposal for distribution of funds is in compliance with the Finnish Companies Act and discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the Company from liability.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The own shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The shares shall be repurchased either through a tender offer made to all shareholders on equal terms or otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders  at their current price in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled. The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2024 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 7 April 2022.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The total number of new shares to be registered based on this authorisation cannot exceed 16 000 000 new shares in aggregate. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2024 and it will replace the authorisation to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares which was granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 7 April 2022.19. Resolution on amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that § 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the notice could be published only on the Company’s website. Furthermore  §§ 11-12 would be abolished (as the substantive contents would be incorporate into the revised § 10.The amended paragraphs of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“Article 10The notice convening a General Meeting of shareholders must be delivered to the shareholders by publishing the notice on the company’s website no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting of shareholders  however  in any case  at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting of shareholders  as referred to in the Finnish Companies Act. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice in at least one (1) newspaper of the Board’s selection with wide circulation.To be eligible to participate in a General Meeting of shareholders  a shareholder shall register with the company within the period specified in the notice of the meeting  which can end no earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki  Finland. However  a meeting may be held at another location  provided that there is a weighty reason to do so. Related to the place of the general meeting and the method of participation  the Board of Directors may also decide in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (and without limiting other options thereunder) that the general meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”Articles 11-12: deletedThe proposal regarding a meeting venue is based on amendments to Chapter 5 of the Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to organise general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Sanoma’s website at www.sanoma.com. The Financial Statements 2022  the Board of Directors’ Report  and the Auditor’s Report of Sanoma as well as the remuneration report are available on the above-mentioned website on week 10  commencing on 6 March 2023. The decision proposals and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice shall be sent to shareholders upon request. Notice to the Annual General Meeting shall not be sent to the shareholders separately. The minutes of the meeting shall be available on the above-mentioned website on 3 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  5 April 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. The use of proxies is described below.A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on 13 April 2023 at 16:00 (EET) by giving a prior notice of participation. The notice must be received by Innovatics Oy before the end of the above-mentioned registration period. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.comOnline registration requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication  by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinkic) by phone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday from 9:00 to 12:00 and from 13:00 to 16:00 (EET); ord) by e-mail addressed to agm@innovatics.fiIn connection with the registration  a shareholder must state requested information  such as their name  date of birth or business identity code  contact details and the name of a proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  and the personal identification number of the proxy representative or legal representative  as applicable. Any personal data provided to the Company or Innovatics Oy by a shareholder will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.For further information on how Sanoma Corporation processes personal data  please review Sanoma Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com or contact by email agm@sanoma.com. Shareholders are requested to note that personal information provided in connection with the registration by e-mail is provided possibly through an unsecure connection at the shareholder’s own responsibility.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  5 April 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10:00 a.m. (EET) on 14 April 2023 at the latest. For the nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting as well as voting in advance from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of the nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders' register of the Company by the time stated above at the latest. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares. For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot directly register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  but must register via their custodian bank instead.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting also by way of third-party proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronical registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder require secure strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares with which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com on 15 March 2023 at the latest. The proxy documents  if any  should be notified in connection with registration  and they should be submitted primarily to Innovatics Oy by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  no later than by the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must have been received by Innovatics Oy. In addition to delivering proxy authorization documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to registration for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service in Innovatics Oy’s general meeting service for authorising their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorisation. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorises a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Innovatics Oy’s general meeting service  and after that register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder if necessary. The strong electronic authentication works with personal online banking certificates or a mobile ID. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on the agenda matters 7-19 of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 15 March 2023 at 10.00 (EET) until 13 April 2023 at 16:00 (EET).A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal only  if they participate in person or by way of proxy representation in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company website at www.sanoma.comElectronic advance voting requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication for registering and voting by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by email or by regular mailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website as from 15 March 2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy primarily by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi  or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.The advance votes must be received by prior to the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the Annual General Meeting. The terms and other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General meeting can be followed online via a webcast on Company’s website www.sanoma.com. Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the Company’s website www.sanoma.com before the Annual General Meeting. Registration is required before logging in to the webcast. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting  and that it is not possible for the shareholders to exercise their shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders following the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting on the matter on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided above. In connection with the webcast of the Annual General Meeting  a chat functionality is available for submitting questions during the meeting. The chat function and possible questions asked in the chat are however not an official part of the Annual General Meeting. Accordingly  questions submitted through the chat function are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act. Unofficial questions can also be presented in advance by email addressed to agm@sanoma.com  by regular mail addressed to Sanoma Corporation  AGM  P.O. Box 60  00089 Sanoma or in connection with the electronic voting no later than 13 April 2o23 and such questions received will be primarily responded to at the Annual General Meeting.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Information on the Annual General Meeting laid down in the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Sanoma and votes represented by such shares is 163 565 663. The Company holds on the date hereof 387 895 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be used at the Annual General Meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.We wish our shareholders welcome to the Annual General Meeting.In Helsinki  9 February 2023Sanoma CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and CSR  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2022  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 14.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Notice', 'one to three years', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'long-term incentive plans', 'Annual General Meeti', 'unofficial remote participation', 'earlier two years', 'new Remuneration Policy', 'dividend record date', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'general meeting', 'three instalments', 'remuneration report', 'section C', 'chat function', 'voting tickets', 'meeting venue', 'public transportation', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'material change', 'performance period', 'vesting period', 'payment date', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'official venue', 'shareholders’ participation', 'The Board', 'Sanomatalo building', 'shareholder register', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'advance voting', 'Directors’ Report', '28 April', '7 April', '10 February', '8:35 EET', 'Notice', 'Company', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'functionalities', 'Mediatori', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'parking', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'September', 'November', '25 October', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', 'week', '6 March', 'length', 'duration', 'proposal', '14:00', '11.']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18193,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605652/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Sanoma-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:35 EET              Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma Corporation          ...,English FinnishSanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:35 EETNotice to the Annual General Meeting of Sanoma CorporationNotice is given to the shareholders of Sanoma Corporation (“Sanoma” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday 19 April 2023 at 14:00 (EET) at Sanomatalo.For the purposes of expanding the opportunities for shareholders’ participation  the opportunity has been reserved for the shareholders to exercise their rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in section C of this notice (Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting). In addition  the shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via webcast on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com and submit questions in advance as well as during the general meeting through a chat function. These functionalities supporting unofficial remote participation will be organized only if it is technically possible.The official venue is the Mediatori in the Sanomatalo building. The address is Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets at the meeting venue shall commence at 13:00 (EET). There will be no catering at the general meeting. Sanoma recommends shareholders to arrive at the venue using public transportation. No parking has been arranged for the shareholders at the meeting venue.A. Matters on the Agenda of the Annual General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters shall be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the Board of Directors’ Report  and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2022Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid for the year 2022.The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date proposed by the Board of Directors for this instalment is 28 April 2023.The second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid in September 2023. The second instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 4 September 2023.The third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share shall be paid in November 2023. The third instalment shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the dividend record date  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 25 October 2023.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Consideration of the remuneration report of the governing bodiesThe remuneration report for 2022 prepared in accordance with the remuneration policy adopted on 7 April 2022 by the Company’s Annual General Meeting is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com at the latest on week 10  commencing on 6 March 2023.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the remuneration report for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting to adopt the Remuneration Report is advisory.11. Consideration of the Remuneration Policy of the governing bodiesThe Remuneration Policy of the Company’s governing bodies was previously adopted in the 2022 Annual General Meeting and is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com. The remuneration policy must be presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years or every time a material change is made.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Remuneration Policy be amended as follows:The length of the performance period of the long-term incentive plans will be one to three years (earlier two years). The performance period is followed by a vesting period  duration of which is dependent on the length of the performance period and varies from two years (when the performance period is one year) to no vesting period (when the performance period is three years).The proposal for the new Remuneration Policy is available on the Company’s website www.sanoma.com.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the Remuneration Policy for the governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting on the Remuneration Policy is advisory.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  Board Committees and the Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the monthly remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors remains unchanged.The monthly remunerations are EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  EUR 7 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  and EUR 6 000 for the members of the Board of Directors.Furthermore  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the meeting fees of the Board of Directors are:For Board members who reside outside Finland: EUR 1 000 / Board meeting where the member was present;For members of the Board of Directors who reside in Finland: No separate fee is paid for attending Board meetingsFor the Chairs of Board of Directors’ Committees: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For Committee members who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor Committee members who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.Shareholders representing more than 10% of all shares and votes of the Company have proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the meeting fees of the members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee remain unchanged and are:For the Chair of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee: EUR 3 500 / Committee meeting participated;For members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside outside Finland: EUR 2 500 / Committee meeting where the member was present and EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated; andFor members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee who reside in Finland: EUR 1 500 / Committee meeting participated.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors shall be set at nine.14. Election of the Chair  the Vice Chair and the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors comprises the following members: Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Julian Drinkall  Rolf Grisebach  Anna Herlin  Mika Ihamuotila  Nils Ittonen  Denise Koopmans  Sebastian Langenskiöld and Eugenie van Wiechen as a new member  and that the term of all the Board members ends at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2024. Rafaela Seppälä has informed that she is not available for re-election.In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has proposed that Pekka Ala-Pietilä is elected as the Chair and Nils Ittonen as the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Essential biographical information and information on independence on all Board member candidates is given on the Company's website at www.sanoma.com. All the proposed individuals have given their consent to being elected.Eugenie van Wiechen  b. 1969  Dutch national  MBA  INSEAD France 1997  MSc. (drs.) Chemical Engineering  University of Amsterdam 1994  Research Scholar  Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. Harvard Medical School 1994. Eugenie van Wiechen currently works as CEO 2014- and Publishing Director 2011- at FD Mediagroep. Previously she has worked as Managing Director of LinkedIn Corporation  the Netherlands 2009-2011  Managing Director of Marktplaats  eBay 2008-2009 as well as in different positions in Sanoma Uitgevers B.V. 2003-2008 and at McKinsey & Company 1995-2003.With regard to the procedure for the selection of the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that the shareholders give their view on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting. The Shareholders’ Nomination Committee has estimated that in addition to the qualifications of the individual candidates for the Board of Directors  the proposed Board of Directors as a whole provides excellent competence and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements set for a listed company by the Corporate Governance Code.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Director’s Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid according to invoice approved by the Company.16. Election of AuditorThe Auditor will be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term that is determined in the Articles of Association of the Company. The term expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting following the election. In accordance with the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the Auditor shall be audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  is the auditor with principal responsibility. The term of the Auditor will expire at the end of the Annual General meeting in 2024.Auditors give their report for the financial year 2023 also on the adoption of the Financial Statements  whether the proposal for distribution of funds is in compliance with the Finnish Companies Act and discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO of the Company from liability.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on the repurchase of a maximum of 16 000 000 of the Company’s own shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) in one or several instalments. The own shares shall be repurchased with funds from the Company's unrestricted shareholders’ equity  and the repurchases shall reduce funds available for distribution of profits. The shares shall be repurchased either through a tender offer made to all shareholders on equal terms or otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders  at their current price in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The shares shall be repurchased to develop the Company’s capital structure  to carry out or finance potential corporate acquisitions or other business arrangements or agreements  to be used as a part of the Company’s incentive programme or to be otherwise conveyed further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled. The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2024 and it terminates the corresponding authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting of 7 April 2022.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Board be authorised by the Annual General Meeting to decide on issuance of new shares and the conveyance of the Company's own shares held by the Company (treasury shares) and the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. Option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as specified in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act may not be granted as part of the Company’s incentive programme. The Board would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to decide on the issuance of a maximum of 16 000 000 new shares (approximately 9.8% of all shares of the Company) as well as conveyance of a maximum of 21 000 000 treasury shares held by the Company in one or several instalments. The total number of new shares to be registered based on this authorisation cannot exceed 16 000 000 new shares in aggregate. The issuance of shares  the conveyance of treasury shares and the granting of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares may be done in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right (directed issue). The authorisation is proposed to be valid until 30 June 2024 and it will replace the authorisation to decide on issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares which was granted to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 7 April 2022.19. Resolution on amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that § 10 of the Company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting and that the notice could be published only on the Company’s website. Furthermore  §§ 11-12 would be abolished (as the substantive contents would be incorporate into the revised § 10.The amended paragraphs of the Articles of Association would read as follows:“Article 10The notice convening a General Meeting of shareholders must be delivered to the shareholders by publishing the notice on the company’s website no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the General Meeting of shareholders  however  in any case  at least nine (9) days prior to the record date of the General Meeting of shareholders  as referred to in the Finnish Companies Act. In addition  the Board of Directors may decide to publish the notice in at least one (1) newspaper of the Board’s selection with wide circulation.To be eligible to participate in a General Meeting of shareholders  a shareholder shall register with the company within the period specified in the notice of the meeting  which can end no earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki  Finland. However  a meeting may be held at another location  provided that there is a weighty reason to do so. Related to the place of the general meeting and the method of participation  the Board of Directors may also decide in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act (and without limiting other options thereunder) that the general meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means.”Articles 11-12: deletedThe proposal regarding a meeting venue is based on amendments to Chapter 5 of the Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to organise general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances.20. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for the decisions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Sanoma’s website at www.sanoma.com. The Financial Statements 2022  the Board of Directors’ Report  and the Auditor’s Report of Sanoma as well as the remuneration report are available on the above-mentioned website on week 10  commencing on 6 March 2023. The decision proposals and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice shall be sent to shareholders upon request. Notice to the Annual General Meeting shall not be sent to the shareholders separately. The minutes of the meeting shall be available on the above-mentioned website on 3 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  5 April 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company. The use of proxies is described below.A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than on 13 April 2023 at 16:00 (EET) by giving a prior notice of participation. The notice must be received by Innovatics Oy before the end of the above-mentioned registration period. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.comOnline registration requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication  by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinkic) by phone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday from 9:00 to 12:00 and from 13:00 to 16:00 (EET); ord) by e-mail addressed to agm@innovatics.fiIn connection with the registration  a shareholder must state requested information  such as their name  date of birth or business identity code  contact details and the name of a proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  and the personal identification number of the proxy representative or legal representative  as applicable. Any personal data provided to the Company or Innovatics Oy by a shareholder will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  their proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.For further information on how Sanoma Corporation processes personal data  please review Sanoma Corporation’s privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available at the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com or contact by email agm@sanoma.com. Shareholders are requested to note that personal information provided in connection with the registration by e-mail is provided possibly through an unsecure connection at the shareholder’s own responsibility.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  5 April 2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 10:00 a.m. (EET) on 14 April 2023 at the latest. For the nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting as well as voting in advance from their custodian bank. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall temporarily register the holder of the nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders' register of the Company by the time stated above at the latest. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall also arrange voting in advance on behalf of the holder of nominee registered shares within the registration period applicable to holders of nominee registered shares. For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot directly register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  but must register via their custodian bank instead.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting also by way of third-party proxy representation. A proxy representative may also choose to vote in advance in the manner described in this notice. Electronical registration and advance voting on behalf of a shareholder require secure strong electronic authentication; a proxy representative may register the shareholder and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares with which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com on 15 March 2023 at the latest. The proxy documents  if any  should be notified in connection with registration  and they should be submitted primarily to Innovatics Oy by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  no later than by the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must have been received by Innovatics Oy. In addition to delivering proxy authorization documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives shall see to registration for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service in Innovatics Oy’s general meeting service for authorising their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorisation. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorises a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Innovatics Oy’s general meeting service  and after that register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder if necessary. The strong electronic authentication works with personal online banking certificates or a mobile ID. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on the agenda matters 7-19 of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 15 March 2023 at 10.00 (EET) until 13 April 2023 at 16:00 (EET).A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal only  if they participate in person or by way of proxy representation in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on the Company website at www.sanoma.comElectronic advance voting requires that the shareholder or the shareholder’s statutory representative or proxy representative uses secure strong electronic authentication for registering and voting by logging in using their personal Finnish or Swedish online banking credentials or a mobile ID.b) by email or by regular mailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the Company’s website as from 15 March 2023 or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy primarily by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi  or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Sanoma Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.The advance votes must be received by prior to the expiry of the advance voting period. Submission of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the Annual General Meeting. The terms and other instructions related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General meeting can be followed online via a webcast on Company’s website www.sanoma.com. Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the Company’s website www.sanoma.com before the Annual General Meeting. Registration is required before logging in to the webcast. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting  and that it is not possible for the shareholders to exercise their shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders following the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting on the matter on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided above. In connection with the webcast of the Annual General Meeting  a chat functionality is available for submitting questions during the meeting. The chat function and possible questions asked in the chat are however not an official part of the Annual General Meeting. Accordingly  questions submitted through the chat function are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act. Unofficial questions can also be presented in advance by email addressed to agm@sanoma.com  by regular mail addressed to Sanoma Corporation  AGM  P.O. Box 60  00089 Sanoma or in connection with the electronic voting no later than 13 April 2o23 and such questions received will be primarily responded to at the Annual General Meeting.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Information on the Annual General Meeting laid down in the Finnish Companies Act and the Securities Markets Act is available on the Company’s website at www.sanoma.com.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the total number of shares in Sanoma and votes represented by such shares is 163 565 663. The Company holds on the date hereof 387 895 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be used at the Annual General Meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.We wish our shareholders welcome to the Annual General Meeting.In Helsinki  9 February 2023Sanoma CorporationBoard of DirectorsAdditional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and CSR  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2022  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 14.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Notice', 'one to three years', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'long-term incentive plans', 'unofficial remote participation', 'earlier two years', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new Remuneration Policy', 'dividend record date', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'three instalments', 'one year', 'remuneration report', 'English Finnish', 'section C', 'chat function', 'voting tickets', 'meeting venue', 'public transportation', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'material change', 'performance period', 'vesting period', 'payment date', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'official venue', 'shareholders’ participation', 'The Board', 'Sanomatalo building', 'shareholder register', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Wednesday 19 April', 'advance voting', 'Directors’ Report', '28 April', '7 April', '10 February', '8:35 EET', 'Notice', 'Company', 'purposes', 'opportunities', 'opportunity', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'functionalities', 'Mediatori', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'parking', 'Agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'September', 'November', '25 October', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'accordance', 'week', '6 March', 'length', 'duration', 'proposal', '14:00', '11.']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18194,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/north-holdings-3-supplements-tender-145500907.html,North Holdings 3 supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion; shareholders can choose the Alternative Consideration as of 13 February 2023,North Holdings 3 Oy supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation; shareholders can...,"Caverion Corporation Tender Offer 10 February 2023 at 4.40 p.m. EETHELSINKI  Feb. 10  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- North Holdings 3 Oy supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation; shareholders can choose the Alternative Consideration as of 13 February 2023As previously announced  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"") and Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement  which was amended on January 24  2023 (as amended  the ""Combination Agreement"")  pursuant to which the Offeror has made a recommended voluntary public tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). The Offeror has on November 24  2022 published a tender offer document  dated November 24  2022  and on January 13  2023 published the first supplement document to the tender offer document  concerning the Tender Offer (the tender offer document  as supplemented from time to time  the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer commenced on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and will expire on February 28  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended further or any extended offer period is discontinued as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.The Offeror announced on January 24  2023 improvement to the consideration offered in the Tender Offer  extension of the offer period  lowering the acceptance threshold and renewal of the recommendation by the Board of Directors of Caverion. As announced on January 24  2023  the Offeror supplements the Tender Offer Document with detailed information on the terms and conditions of the improved Tender Offer  including the Alternative Consideration Instruments. The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the related supplement to the Tender Offer Document (the ""Supplement Document""). The Supplement Document includes the amended terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. The Supplement Document is attached as Appendix 1 to this stock exchange release.North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (together ""Bain Capital"" and such funds being the ""Bain Capital Funds"")  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"") form a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the Tender Offer.OFFER PRICE OF THE TENDER OFFERThe shareholders of Caverion are in the Tender Offer given the possibility to choose either: (i) a fixed cash payment of EUR 8.50 per Share payable in nine (9) months from the date of the first completion trades in the Tender Offer implemented through the issuance of a debt instrument with the nominal principal amount of EUR 8.50 (the ""Alternative Consideration Instrument"") for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer  or (ii) an immediate cash consideration of EUR 8.00 upon completion of the Tender Offer (the ""Cash Offer Price"") for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer. The Alternative Consideration Instruments will be issued by the Offeror on the date(s) of the completion trades of the Tender Offer with the nominal principal amount of EUR 8.50 and will be redeemed at their full nominal amount upon their maturity on the date falling nine (9) months after the date of first issuance of the Alternative Consideration Instruments. Shareholders choosing the Alternative Consideration will be issued one (1) Alternative Consideration Instrument for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer in connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer. The acceptance of the Tender Offer with Alternative Consideration may be submitted on the business day following the publication of the Supplement Document  i.e. from February 13  2023. More detailed instructions are included in the Supplement Document and under section ""The Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" below.Shareholders holding Shares on Finnish equity savings accounts are not eligible to elect the Alternative Consideration Instrument in respect of such Shares for regulatory reasons. Instead of the Alternative Consideration Instruments  the shareholders holding Shares on the Finnish equity savings accounts have the possibility to elect a non-transferable deferred payment right of EUR 8.50 per Share to be paid in cash nine (9) months from the date of the first completion trades in the Tender Offer (the ""Deferred Payment Right""  and together with the Alternative Consideration Instruments the ""Alternative Consideration""). The Alternative Consideration and the Cash Offer Price are jointly referred to as the ""Offer Price"".The Cash Offer Price and the Alternative Consideration have been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date hereof as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades of the Tender Offer (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Cash Offer Price and the Alternative Consideration payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. However  each of the Alternative Consideration Instruments or Deferred Payment Rights are not subject to any adjustments after such an Alternative Consideration Instrument has been delivered or a Deferred Payment Right has been recorded to the shareholder but  instead  the adjustments will occur only if the distribution of funds or other corporate event entitling to the adjustment or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to the settlement of relevant completion trades of the Tender Offer.Bain Capital Europe Fund VI  Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis have given equity commitments to the Offeror to fund the Offeror for the purposes of the Tender Offer and the designated purpose of such equity commitments is to enable payment of the aggregate Cash Offer Price and redemption of the Alternative Consideration Instruments and payment of the Deferred Payment to holders of equity savings accounts by the Offeror.RECOMMENDATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF CAVERIONThe Board of Directors of Caverion  represented by a quorum comprising the non-conflicted members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously decided to recommend in its statement issued on February 9  2023 pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the ""Helsinki Takeover Code"") that the shareholders of Caverion accept the Tender Offer. The Board of Directors of Caverion has received an updated opinion  dated January 24  2023  of Caverion's exclusive financial adviser  Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch (""BofA Securities"")  to the effect that  as of the date of such opinion  the increased Offer Price to be paid to holders of Shares (other than Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis and their respective affiliates) pursuant to the Improved Tender Offer  was fair from a financial point of view  to such holders  which opinion was based upon and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken as more fully described in such opinion. The opinion of BofA Securities was provided for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of Caverion and does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holders of Shares should act in connection with the Tender Offer or any related matter.THE ACCEPTANCE PROCEDURE OF THE TENDER OFFERAcceptance of the Tender Offer with Alternative Consideration may only be submitted on the business day following the publication of the Supplement Document  i.e. from February 13  2023.Before February 13  2023  acceptance of the Tender Offer can only be made with the Cash Offer Price. Each shareholder of Caverion whose acceptance of the Tender Offer has been submitted before February 13  2023  shall be deemed to have accepted the Tender Offer with the Cash Offer Price.If a shareholder of Caverion has submitted the acceptance of the Tender Offer before February 13  2023 in respect of the Shares held by him/her and wishes to elect the Alternative Consideration instead of the Cash Offer Price  such shareholder must submit a valid withdrawal of his/her earlier acceptance of the Tender Offer in accordance with instructions from the account operator and submit a duly executed acceptance form for the Alternative Consideration. Neither the Offeror nor Nordea (in its capacity as arranger and an account operator) will charge the shareholders for withdrawing their acceptance of the Tender Offer in order to accept the Alternative Consideration in such a situation.A shareholder may only choose to receive either the Alternative Consideration or the Cash Offer Price for all Shares held on the same book-entry account  and  consequently  shareholders may only tender for mixed consideration if the relevant Shares are held on separate book-entry accounts.The shareholders holding Shares on equity savings accounts who have selected the Alternative Consideration will receive  instead of the Alternative Consideration Instruments  non-transferable rights to payment from the Offeror  and to demonstrate these  the book-entries named as other rights will be recorded to a shareholder's equity savings account.Most Finnish account operators will send a new notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@nordea.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.For more information on the acceptance procedure of the Tender Offer  see section ""Terms and Conditions of the Tender Offer - Acceptance Procedure of the Tender offer"" in the Supplement Document. All shareholders of Caverion are advised to carefully review the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document before deciding on the acceptance of the Tender Offer.The Finnish language versions of the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document are available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.fi and www.nordea.fi/caverion-ostotarjous as of February 10  2023. The English language translations of the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document are available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.com and www.nordea.fi/caverion-offer as of February 10  2023.Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of December 2022  there were almost 14 500 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.ABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki in 2021. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR A SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT TO TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE POSSIBLE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENTS TO THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT  THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI LTD AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(c) under the Exchange Act for a Tier I tender offer (the ""Tier I Exemption"") and Rule 802 (the ""802 Exemption"") under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this stock exchange release has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this stock exchange release  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.As permitted under the Tier I Exemption  the settlement of the Tender Offer is based on the applicable Finnish law provisions  which differ from the settlement procedures customary in the United States  particularly as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered. The Tender Offer  which is subject to Finnish law  is being made to the U.S. shareholders in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws  and applicable exemptions thereunder  in particular the Tier I Exemption and the 802 Exemption. To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. shareholders and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. U.S. shareholders should consider that (whether paid initially in cash or upon redemption of any Alternative Consideration Instruments) the offer price for the Tender Offer is being paid in EUR and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer (including in relation to the Alternative Consideration Instruments). Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION  AND THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS CONSTITUTE ""RESTRICTED SECURITIES"" PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITH UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR  THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. shareholder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENTS UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT OR PASSED ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.DisclaimerUBS AG London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG London Branch is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Advium Corporate Finance Ltd is acting exclusively on behalf of the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or other matters referred to in this document  does not consider any other person (whether the recipient of this document or not) as a client in connection to the Tender Offer  and is not responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection or providing advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Nordea Bank Abp is acting as financial adviser to the Offeror and arranger outside of the United States and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this stock exchange release. For the avoidance of doubt  Nordea Bank Abp is not registered as a broker or dealer in the United States of America and will not be engaging in direct communications relating to the Tender Offer with investors located within the United States (whether on a reverse inquiry basis or otherwise). U.S. shareholders should contact their brokers with any questions relating to the Tender Offer.BNP Paribas  which is duly authorized and lead-supervised by the European Central Bank and the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of BNP Paribas  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Appendix 1: Supplement DocumentCONTACT:Investor and Media enquiries:CaverionMilena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations and External Communications  Caverion Corporation  tel. +358 40 5581 328  milena.haeggstrom@caverion.comBain Capital  Security Trading  Fennogens and CorbisIris Nevanlinna  +358 40 577 9229  iris.nevanlinna@miltton.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14078/3712974/1841990.pdf Release https://mb.cision.com/Public/14078/3712974/ba847ddb11c07ef7.pdf North Holdings 3 Oy - Supplement Document - February 10 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/north-holdings-3-supplements-the-tender-offer-document-relating-to-the-public-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-shareholders-can-choose-the-alternative-consideration-as-of-13-february-2023-301744055.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['tender offer document', 'public tender offer', 'North Holdings', 'Alternative Consideration', 'shares', 'Caverion', 'shareholders', '13 February', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Finnish equity savings accounts', 'transferable deferred payment right', 'Bain Capital Private Equity', 'Fennogens Investments S.A.', 'one (1) Alternative Consideration Instrument', 'voluntary public tender offer', 'The Alternative Consideration Instruments', 'The Cash Offer Price', 'Finnish language version', 'fixed cash payment', 'Caverion Corporation Tender Offer', 'stock exchange release', 'Lux Holdco SARL', 'Corbis S.A.', 'nominal principal amount', 'full nominal amount', 'More detailed instructions', 'immediate cash consideration', 'extended offer period', 'The Acceptance Procedure', 'first supplement document', 'tender offer document', 'first completion trades', 'Bain Capital Funds', 'Security Trading Oy', 'North Holdings 3 Oy', 'debt instrument', 'Finnish time', 'Bain Luxco', 'detailed information', 'first issuance', 'related supplement', 'combination agreement', 'acceptance threshold', 'nine (9) months', 'business day', 'regulatory reasons', 'The Offeror', 'outstanding shares', 'February', 'EET', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'November', 'January', 'subsidiaries', 'terms', 'conditions', '2023 improvement', 'extension', 'renewal', 'recommendation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'amended', 'Appendix', 'BC', 'vehicle', 'Europe', 'LLP', 'affiliates', 'consortium', 'purposes', 'possibility', 'date', 'maturity', 'connection', 'publication', 'section', 'respect', 'non', '136,472,645 issued', '4.40', '9:30', '4:00']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18195,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valoe-agreed-5-000-000-154000897.html,Valoe Has Agreed on 5 000 000€ Financial Arrangement with Winance. Funding Will be Used as Working Capital after the Signing of Mass Production Contract with Sono Motors Has Been Postponed and to Pay Down the Company’s Debt to RiverFort,Valoe Corporation Inside Information 10 February 2023 at 17.40 (Finnish time) VALOE HAS AGREED ON A EUR 5 000 000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH WINANCE. THE...,"Valoe OyjValoe Corporation Inside Information 10 February 2023 at 17.40 (Finnish time)VALOE HAS AGREED ON A EUR 5 000 000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH WINANCE. THE FUNDING WILL BE USED AS WORKING CAPITAL AFTER THE SIGNING OF THE MASS PRODUCTION CONTRACT WITH SONO MOTORS HAS BEEN POSTPONED AND TO PAY DOWN THE COMPANY’S DEBT TO RIVERFORT.Background and Purpose of Financial ArrangementValoe Oyj (“Valoe” or the “Company”) has signed a convertible note facility agreement with Winance concerning a funding arrangement of up to EUR 5 000 000 in convertible loan notes (the ""Convertible Notes"") that will be accompanied by share subscription warrants (the ""Warrants"") (the agreement  the Convertible Notes and the Warrants hereinafter referred to collectively as the ""Arrangement"").Valoe will use the funding as working capital. The need for additional funding became apparent after the signing of the mass production contract for Sion  Sono Motors' self-charging electric vehicle  and the related estimated cash flows were postponed. In addition  Valoe will pay down its debt to Riverfort Global Opportunities Pcc Limited by approximately one million euro.On 20 December 2022  Valoe disclosed that the signing of the contract Valoe is negotiating with the company’s significant customer has been postponed until the end of the first quarter of 2023. The delay was expected to have negative impact on Valoe’s working capital situation. With Winance’s financing that has now been agreed on  Valoe expects to be able to meet its working capital needs until the substantial customer contracts are signed and the planned cash flow from customer contracts start to materialize.Under the Arrangement  Valoe issues Convertible Notes to Winance. The Convertible Notes may be drawn down so that the first tranche amounts to EUR2 000 000  after which the Convertible Notes may be drawn down in maximum of 6 sequential tranches of EUR 500 000 each (the first tranche and the subsequent Tranches  each ""Tranche"") during a period of 24 months from the drawdown of the first Tranche provided that the preconditions for each Tranche are met. Winance has the right to convert each Tranche into the Company’s newly issued or treasury shares. In addition  Winance will receive Warrants stripped from the Convertible Notes at the drawdown of each Tranche. The Warrants entitle Winance to subscribe to additional shares of the Company with a subscription price described in the Characteristics of the Warrants.Story continuesThe Company has an obligation to draw down the first Tranche of EUR 2 000 000 and a minimum of two sequential Tranches of the Convertible Notes  i.e. a total minimum of EUR 3 000 000. The remainder of the Convertible Notes  a total of four Tranches of EUR500 000 totaling EUR 2 000 000  may be drawn down by the Company at its discretion.Valoe has  pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Arrangement between Valoe and Winance  withdrawn the first Tranche of EUR 2 000 000  and issued to Winance in total 2 000 convertible notes and in total 13 333 333 warrants related thereto.Commercial Terms of ArrangementPursuant to the Arrangement  Winance may be given in the maximum of 5 000 convertible loan notes against subscription price of EUR 1 000 per each convertible loan note. The Convertible Notes entitle their holder to subscribe to maximum of 50 000 000 shares of the Company in the aggregate.The subscription price of the Notes related to the Tranche Warrants shall be equal to 98% of the par value of the Notes.Notwithstanding the first Tranche  a Tranche may be drawn down by the Company provided that all previously issued Convertible Notes within the Arrangement have been converted into the shares of the Company or that a cool down period agreed between the parties has lapsed  unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties. Each Tranche may be drawn in several parts.Winance has agreed to subscribe for the Convertible Notes issued by the Company with a conversion ratio calculated at the time the respective conversion is requested so that the conversion ratio is equal to 90 % of the lowest daily volume weighted average price observed over a period of fifteen (15) consecutive trading days prior to such conversion request.The Convertible Notes bear a zero interest rate. The Convertible Notes have a maturity of 12 months from the issuance of each Tranche. Each Tranche must be converted into the Company's shares upon maturity at the latest.In connection with the drawdown of each Tranche  Winance will receive Warrants free of charge. Winance has the right  but no obligation  to subscribe for the Company’s shares based on the Warrants. In connection with the Arrangement  Winance may be given maximum of 10 000 000 Warrants in the aggregate which entitle their holder to subscribe to maximum of 10 000 000 shares of the Company in the aggregate. The number of Warrants that shall be attached to the Convertible Notes of a Tranche shall be determined as follows: 20% of the nominal value of the Convertible Notes of a Tranche divided by the Exercise Price of Warrants  the resulting number of Warrants being rounded down to the nearest whole number. For the purposes of the aforesaid  the ""Exercise Price of Warrants"" shall be 110% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price in the 15 trading days immediately preceding the request to issue the relevant Tranche.The subscription period of the Company's shares pursuant to the Warrants is five (5) years from the issuance of each Warrant.The exact number of the Company's shares to be issued based on the conversion of the Convertible Notes and the exercise of the Warrants depends  in the manner described above  on the conversion ratio applied to the Convertible Notes and Warrants and is thus not yet known. Depending on the exact number of the Company's shares to be issued based on the conversion of the Convertible Notes and the exercise of the Warrants  it may be necessary for the Board of Directors of the Company to apply for additional authorizations from the general meeting of shareholders in order to implement the entire Arrangement.There is a weighty financial reason for the Company to issue the Convertible Notes and Warrants to Winance as the purpose of the Arrangement is to strengthen the tight working capital situation of the Company. The subscription price of the Convertible Notes and Warrants as well as the shares of the Company to be subscribed based on the Convertible Notes and Warrants is based on the agreement between the Company and Winance.The drawdown of each Tranche requires that certain representations and warranties given by the Company and other customary conditions relating to financing arrangements of this nature are met.Winance has the right to terminate the Arrangement if the Company’s operations become subject to a material adverse effect  there has been a change of control in the Company or in the event of default which  if curable  is not cured within 30 business days.Valoe will pay Winance on the Arrangement an upfront commitment fee equaling EUR 400 000 in Convertible Notes.The terms and conditions of the Convertible Notes and of the Warrants (without schedules) are included in all material respects in the Appendices 1 and 2 of this release.In Mikkeli on 10 February 2023Valoe OyjBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor more information:CEO Iikka Savisalo  Valoe Corporation tel. +35 40 521 6082email: iikka.savisalo@valoe.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.valoe.comValoe Corporation specializes in the clean energy  especially in photovoltaic solutions. Valoe provides automated production technology for solar modules based on the company’s own technology; production lines for modules; solar modules and special components for solar modules. Valoe's head office is located in Mikkeli  Finland.APPENDIX 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CONVERTIBLE NOTES (WITHOUT SCHEDULES)TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CONVERTIBLE NOTESDefinitions usedAffiliate Means a person or entity that directly or indirectly controls  is controlled by  or is under common control with  another person or entity. Examples of an affiliate include executive officers  directors  large stockholders  subsidiaries  parent entities and sister companies.Agreement Means the agreement entered into between the Investor and the Company for the issuance of and subscription to the Notes and the Warrants  as may be amended from time to time.Business day Means a day on which banks in New York  Dubai and Helsinki areopen for business.Change of Control Means the acquisition of more than 90 % of all the shares or votingrights of the Issuer by one or several individual(s) or legal entity(ies)  acting alone or in concert.Closing Date Means the day on which the Investor has paid the subscription priceof the Notes regarding a single Tranche to the Company.Company Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 8  50100 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Conversion Notice Means Note holder's conversion notice submitted to the Issuer.Conversion Price Means 90 % of the lowest Daily VWAP observed over the PricingPeriod  as published by Bloomberg in the <HP> Historical Prices Function  within the delegation granted to the board of directors by the shareholders’ meeting by the Issuer. Should the Conversion Price be outside the delegation granted to the board of directors  the Issuer is obliged to convene without undue delay an Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders to increase the delegation granted to the board of directors as necessary to remedy the situation.The Conversion Price will be determined by truncation after two decimal places.Daily VWAP Means  as of any Trading Day  the daily volume weighted averageprice of the Share on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as reported by Bloomberg.Event of Default Means any of the following occurrences:(i) failure by the Issuer to prepare and file a Prospectus in a timely manner to allow for its subject Shares to be admitted for trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd within one (1) month from their issuance (the “Prospectus Default”); provided  however  that if the Prospectus Default is cured within one (1) month from the issuance of such Shares  the Issuer shall only be subject to accruing Default Notes Interest (as defined in Paragraph 6 of Schedule 4) while such default is continuing; and provided further that if the Prospectus Default is cured within two (2) months  the Issuer shall only be subject to accruing Default Notes Interest and a monthly (or pro rata if cured prior to month- end) cash penalty of EUR 10 000 while such default is continuing; otherwise  the Prospectus Default shall be deemed an Event of Default without the ability to cure as of two (2) months from the issuance of such Shares;(ii) a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any of its obligations under the Agreement which has an impact of more than EUR 100 000 or a default by the Issuer of Section 4.1.6 of the Agreement or in connection with the Prospectus Default cash penalty notwithstanding any impact threshold and which  if curable  is not cured within ten (10) Business Days as from the first of the following dates: (i) the date on which the Issuer becomes (or should have become) aware of this breach and (ii) the date on which the Investor notifies such breach to the Issuer  requesting that it be cured;(iii) failure by the Issuer to pay the price due in connection with the acquisition of the Notes or the Warrants  as the case may be  in the case where the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares  in accordance with the Agreement  it being specified that after ten (10) Trading Days of delay any amount due by the Issuer to the Investor shall bear interest at LIBOR + 10%;(iv) the de-listing of the Shares from Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd;(v) any refusal to certify the financial statements by the statutory auditors of the Issuer which is not cured within sixty (60) Business Days as from the date such certification is requested from the auditors;(vi) a Material Adverse Effect or Change of Control has occurred;(vii) failure by the Issuer to pay any indebtedness in excess of EUR 500 000 when due or within any applicable grace period  other than any such failure resulting from a good faith error which is diligently and promptly corrected  or failure by the Issuer to observe or perform any term  covenant or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument by which it is bound evidencing or securing any such indebtedness for a period of time which would cause or permit the acceleration of the maturity thereof  except if such indebtedness is contested in good faith by the Issuer;(viii) the Issuer voluntarily suspends or discontinues substantially all of its business  liquidates substantially all of its assets except for fair consideration or on an arm's length basis  or bankruptcy  moratorium  insolvency or similar proceedings for relief of financially distressed debtors shall be instituted by or against the Issuer and shall not have been discharged within six (6) months; and(ix) a final judgement for the payment of money in excess of EUR 500 000 is rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction against the Issuer  and the Issuer does not discharge the same or provide for its discharge in accordance with its terms or procure a stay of execution thereof within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of entry thereof and within said period of sixty (60) calendar days (or such longer period during which execution of such judgment shall have been stayed) appeal therefrom and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal.Investor Means Winance  a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands  having its registered address at Vistra (Cayman) Limited  P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion  Hibiscus Way  802 West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 – 1205 Cayman Islands  registered with the Registrar of Companies Cayman Islands  under registration number 335554.Issuer Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 5  50150 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Material Adverse Effect Means any effect on the business  operations  properties  orfinancial condition of the Issuer that is material and adverse to the Issuer and its Affiliates  taken as a whole and/or any condition  circumstance or situation that would prohibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of the Issuer to enter into and perform any of its obligations under the Agreement in any material respect. Material Adverse Effect also includes (but is not limited to) any transactionchanging the Company's status from public to private or de-listing of the Company’s shares  change of legal form or corporate purpose.Note(s) Means the convertible loan notes of the Company in an aggregate principal maximum amount of EUR 5 000 000  each Note being EUR 1 000  having the characteristics described in these terms and conditions.Pricing Period Means a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Trading Days prior to thereception of a Conversion Notice issued by the Investor.Principal Amount Means the total amount of debt in principal represented by atranche of Notes.In the event of conversion of one or several Notes  the other Note(s) not so converted shall remain in full force and effect with respect to that part of the Principal Amount which shall not yet have been repaid  such unpaid principal amount being then the “Principal Amount” for the purposes of the Agreement.Prospectus Shall mean a simplified prospectus for secondary issuances to be prepared by the Issuer for the admission on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd of any Shares converted as a result of the Tranche Warrants in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in the event that no exemption under the Prospectus Regulation applies.“Prospectus Regulation” Shall mean Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the EuropeanParliament and of the Council of 41 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market.Shares Means the shares of the Issuer.Trading Day Means any day during which Nasdaq Helsinki is open for business provided that “Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Shares are scheduled to trade on such market for less than 4.5 hours (it being specified for the avoidance of doubt that any day during which there would be no effective trading would not be considered as a Trading Day if this is due to a suspension requested by the Issuer or the stock market authorities) or any day that the Shares are suspended from trading at the request of the Issuer or of the stock market authorities during the final hour of trading on such market  unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Investor.1. FormThe Notes shall be in dematerialized form. Evidence of any Note holder shall be included in a register kept by the Issuer.2. EnjoymentThe Notes are issued with full rights of enjoyment as from the date of their full subscription by the Investor.3. Assignment  transfer and absence of admission to trading of the Notes3.1. The Notes may be assigned or transferred without the prior consent of the Issuer  only to Affiliates of the Investor.3.2. Any transferee that becomes a Note holder  by whatever means and for whatever reason  shall have the benefit of  and be subject to  all of the rights and obligations arising under the Agreement.3.3. The Notes will not be admitted to trading on any financial market.4. MaturityEach Note shall have a duration of 12 months as from its date of issuance (the ""Maturity Date"").The Notes shall be subject to and governed by the provisions of Chapter 12 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) concerning capital loans (in Finnish: pääomalaina).5. Nominal valueEach Note shall have a nominal value of EUR 1 000.6. InterestThe Notes shall accrue no interest; except  however  if the Issuer is not able to issue the Shares which are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date (as defined in Paragraph 8.2)  in addition to any other remedies that the Investor may have in such a situation the outstanding principal balance of the Notes issued in connection with such Tranche Warrant shall bear interest at the rate of ten per cent (10%) per annum on the basis of a 360 day year. Such interest shall accrue from and including the date which is five (5) Days after the Conversion Date until such default is cured  and shall be compounded monthly.7. Redemption7.1. The Issuer shall have no right to early redeem any Note.7.2. If Notes have not been converted by the Note holder prior to their Maturity Date  (i) the Issuer shall not redeem in cash the outstanding principal amount under the Notes on the Maturity Date and (ii) the Investor shall convert all outstanding Notes on the Maturity Date.7.3. Notwithstanding the above  at the Note holder’s discretion  the Issuer is required to early redeem in cash all or any Notes held by the applicable Note holder in the following circumstances:(i) failure to issue new Shares to each Note holder in accordance with the terms of the Agreement (for example in case of late delivery of the new Shares); or(ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default  a Material Adverse Effect or a Change of Control under the Agreement.7.4. In the event of redemption in cash  the Issuer shall pay to each Note holder the aggregate outstanding principal amount of its Notes  in accordance with Paragraph 8 of these characteristics of the Notes.8. Conversion; Termination of Conversion Rights8.1. Conversion of the Notes into Shares of the Issuer; Conversion PeriodUnless it has terminated its conversion rights pursuant to Paragraph 8.5 of these characteristics of the Notes  each Note holder shall have the right at any time as of any Closing Date  up to and including the Maturity Date (the ""Conversion Period"")  to convert all or any of the Notes into new Shares  and to determine the number of Notes to be converted  and the corresponding aggregate principal amount so converted (the “Conversion Amount”). Instead of issuing to the Note holder new Shares upon conversion  the Issuer may also transfer to the Note holder the corresponding number of treasury Shares upon conversion.Each Note holder is allowed to make multiple conversions of Notes as long as it stays within the outstanding Principal Amount.8.2. Conversion Date; NoticeEach Note holder may convert all or any of its Notes on any Trading Day of its choice during the Conversion Period  effective at the date of receipt by the Issuer of a Conversion Notice in accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes (the ""Conversion Date"").On each chosen Conversion Date  each Note holder shall convert all or any of its Notes by giving Notice to the Issuer (the “Conversion Notice”)  using the form attached in Schedule 5 and specifying a number of Notes to be converted and the corresponding Conversion Amountin accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes. The Company must confirm the due receipt of the Conversion Notice in writing to the Investor within one Business Day from the due issuance of such Conversion Notice by the Investor.The Issuer shall in turn issue the new Shares to the relevant Note holder in accordance with these terms and conditions.The Shares upon conversion shall be issued in bearer form and the Issuer shall use its best efforts that the Shares shall be transferred to the Investor’s book-entry account at Euroclear Finland within five (5) Trading Days following the Conversion Date. Issuer shall be liable for  and shall indemnify the Investor against  any losses resulting from a delay  caused by the Issuer  over the aforementioned five (5) Trading Days.8.3. Conversion RatioThe number of new Shares issued by the Issuer to the relevant Note holder upon conversion of one or several Notes in accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes will be calculated as the Conversion Amount divided by the Conversion Price.If the issuance of new Shares would result in the issuance of a fraction of a Share  the Issuer shall round such fraction of a Share up to the nearest whole Share.The new Shares shall be fully paid by set-off against the Conversion Amount that will come in deduction from the Principal Amount. Such conversion shall not require the payment of any fee or charge by the relevant Note holder.If the Conversion Price on the Conversion Date is equal to or lower than EUR 0.10 (ten cents)  the ongoing cool down period (as specified in the Agreement) on such Conversion Date and the Maturity Date shall be extended by the number of days until the Conversion Price exceeds EUR 0.10 (ten cents)  at which time the Shares upon conversion shall be issued automatically without further notice from the Note holder.The Issuer shall promptly deliver freely tradable Shares to the relevant Note holder upon each conversion of Note(s). The Issuer shall use its best efforts that the issuance of the Shares and their admission to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd shall occur no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date.Upon conversion of Notes  if the relevant Note holder does not receive the relevant Shares as provided for in the paragraph above  and if the early redemption of the Notes was not requested by the relevant Note holder  at the Note holder’s discretion  the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Note holder an amount equal to the difference (if positive) between the closing price of the Share three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date and the closing price of the Share on the day immediately prior to the date on which the relevant Shares are effectivelyreceived by the relevant Note holder  for each new Share which was issued upon the relevant conversion of Notes.If the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares to a Note holder upon conversion of Notes  and if the early redemption of the Notes was not requested by the relevant Note holder  at the Note holder’s discretion  the relevant Notes shall be acquired by the Issuer  on the Trading Day following the Conversion Date  for a price equal to the number of new Shares which should have been issued to it upon conversion of the Notes multiplied by the closing price of the Share on the day prior to the Conversion Date. Such acquired Notes shall be cancelled by the Issuer.Any payment to a Note holder made by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 8.3 of these characteristics of the Notes shall be made by the Issuer to the relevant Note holder in cash  by wire transfer to a bank account notified by the relevant Note holder to the Issuer  in immediately available  freely transferable funds in Euros.8.4. Rights attached to the SharesThe new Shares issued upon conversion of the Note(s) shall be subject to all provisions of the By-Laws and to decisions of the general meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer. The new Shares shall be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as from their issuance  be freely tradable  will carry immediate and current dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to and fungible with the existing Shares.8.5. Termination of Conversion RightThe right of each Note holder to convert the Notes pursuant to this Paragraph 8 shall terminate on the date on which the Notes are fully converted.9. Note holders’ rights in cert ain circumstancesIf the Company  prior to a conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to issue Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares so that the shareholders shall have the pre- emptive subscription right  the Note holder shall have the same or equal right as the shareholders. The equality is reached by the means resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith (i) by giving to the Note holder the same priority to the subscription of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares as given to the shareholders or (ii) by adjusting the Conversion Price or (ii) by combining the alternatives (i) and (ii) above. In other cases  the issuance of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  distributes dividends or funds from the fund for Company’s invested own free equity or lowers its share capital bydistributing share capital to the shareholders  this will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to acquire or redeem its own Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares under Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies Act in accordance with Chapters 3 or 15 of the Finnish Companies Act  this will not require actions from the Company (or the Note holders) in relation to Notes  and this will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to merge with another company as a merging company or with a company to be formed in a combination merger or if the Company decides to fully demerge its business activities  the Note holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the board of directors of the Company prior to resolution on the merger or demerger  to convert the Note(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the conversion right  no conversion right shall exist anymore.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to change its legal form to a private company  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Investor within fifteen(15) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement.If  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  a Company’s shareholder holds Shares and votes in excess of 90 per cent and this leads to the realization of the redemption right and redemption obligation under Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Note holder within five (5) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement. Alternatively  the Note holder has a right to request that the Note holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company after the Company has become aware of the above situation  to convert the Note(s) into Shares.If  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  the Company is placed into liquidation or removed from the Trade Register  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Note holder within fifteen (15) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement.APPENDIX 2: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS (WITHOUT SCHEDULES)TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTSDefinitions usedAffiliate Means a person or entity that directly or indirectly controls  is controlled by  or is under common control with  another person or entity. Examples of an affiliate include executive officers  directors  large stockholders  subsidiaries  parent entities and sister companies.Agreement Means the agreement entered into between the Investor and the Company for the issuance of and subscription to the Notes and the Warrants  as may be amended from time to time.Company Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 8  50100 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Daily VWAP Means  as of any Trading Day  the daily volume weighted averageprice of the Share on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as reported by Bloomberg.Exercise Price of WarrantsMeans 110% of the lowest Daily VWAP in the 15 Trading Days immediately preceding the request to issue the relevant tranche.Investor Means Winance  a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands  having its registered address at Vistra (Cayman) Limited  P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion  Hibiscus Way  802 West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 – 1205 Cayman Islands  registered with the Registrar of Companies Cayman Islands  under registration number 335554.Issuer Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 5  50150 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Note(s) Means the convertible loan notes of the Company in an aggregate principal maximum amount of EUR 5 000 000  each Note being EUR 1 000  having the characteristics described in terms and conditions of the Notes.Shares Means the shares of the Issuer.Trading Day Means any day during which Nasdaq Helsinki is open for business provided that “Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Shares are scheduled to trade on such market for less than 4.5 hours (it being specified for the avoidance of doubt that any day during which there would be no effective trading would not be considered as a Trading Day if this is due to a suspension requested by the Issuer or the stock market authorities) or any day that the Shares are suspended from trading at the request of the Issuer or of the stock market authorities during the final hour of trading on such market  unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Investor.Warrants Means share subscription warrants  having the characteristics described in these terms and conditions  shall be attached to the Notes of each tranche subscribed by the Investor.1. Form1.1. The Warrants shall be in dematerialized form. Evidence of any Warrant holder shall be included in a register kept by the Issuer.2. EnjoymentThe Warrants are issued with full rights of enjoyment as from the date of their detachment from the Notes to which they are attached (i.e. as from the date of the subscription of the relevant Notes).3. Assignment  transfer and admission to trading of the Warrants3.1. The Warrants may be assigned or transferred without the prior consent of the Issuer  only to Affiliates of the Investor.3.2. Any transferee that becomes a Warrant holder  by whatever means and for whatever reason  shall have the benefit of  and be subject to  all of the rights and obligations arising under the Agreement.3.3. The Warrants will not be admitted to trading on any financial market.4. TermThe Warrants shall become automatically null and void five (5) years after their respective issuance date.5. Exercise5.1. Exercise of the Warrants into Shares of the Issuer; Exercise PeriodEach Warrant holder shall have the right at its option  and effective at any time prior to the Warrant’s term (the ""Warrant Exercise Period"")  to exercise all or any of the Warrants into newly issued Shares in bearer form. Instead of issuing to the Warrant holder new Shares upon exercise of Warrants  the Issuer may also transfer to the Warrant holder the corresponding number of treasury Shares upon exercise of Warrants.Each Warrant holder is allowed to make multiple exercises of Warrants.5.2. Exercise Date; Exercise NoticeEach Warrant holder may exercise all or part of its Warrants on any Trading Day of its choice effective at the date of its delivery of a Warrant Exercise Notice (the ""Warrant Exercise Date"") during the Warrant Exercise Period.On each chosen Warrant Exercise Date  the relevant Warrant holder shall exercise all or part of its Warrants by giving Notice to the Issuer (the “Warrant Exercise Notice”)  using the form attached in Schedule 7.The Issuer  after updating the register where the Warrants are registered  shall in turn issue the new Shares to the relevant Warrant holder in accordance with these terms and conditions.5.3. Exercise Ratio – Exercise PriceEach Warrant will give right to one (1) Share (the “Warrant Exercise Ratio”) subject to any adjustment made in accordance with Paragraph 6 of these characteristics of the Warrants.The new Shares resulting from the exercise of the Warrants shall be issued upon payment in cash by the relevant Warrant holder of the Exercise Price of Warrants.The Exercise Price of Warrants will be determined by truncation after two decimal places.Such exercise shall not require the payment of any additional fee or charge by the relevant Warrant holder in addition to the payment of the Exercise Price.The Issuer shall promptly deliver freely tradable Shares to the relevant Warrant holder upon each exercise of Warrant(s). The Company shall use its best efforts that the issuance of the Shares and their admission to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd shall occur no later than three (3) Trading Days and in any case no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Warrant Exercise Date.Upon exercise of Warrants  if the relevant Warrant holder does not receive the relevant Shares as provided for in the paragraph above  the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Warrant holder an amount in cash equal to (i) the Warrant Exercise Ratio multiplied by (ii) the difference (if positive) between (a) the closing price of the Share five (5) Trading Days after the Warrant Exercise Date and (b) the closing price of the Share on the day immediately prior to the date on which the relevant Shares are effectively received by the relevant Warrant holder  for each exercised Warrant.If the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares to a Warrant holder upon exercise of a Warrant  the exercised Warrant shall beacquired by the Issuer  on the Trading Day following the Warrant Exercise Date  for a price equal to (i) the Warrant Exercise Ratio multiplied by (ii) the difference between (a) the closing price of the Share on the day prior to the Warrant Exercise Date and (b) the Exercise Price of Warrants  as the case may be  divided by the Warrant Exercise Ratio. Such acquired Warrants shall be cancelled by the Issuer.Any payment to a Warrant holder made by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 5.3 of these characteristics of the Warrants shall be made by the Issuer to the relevant Warrant holder in cash  by wire transfer to a bank account notified by the relevant Warrant holder to the Issuer  in immediately available  freely transferable funds in Euros.5.4. Rights attached to the SharesThe new Shares issued upon exercise of Warrant(s) shall be subject to all provisions of the By- Laws and to decisions of the general meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer. The new Shares shall be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as from their issuance  be freely tradable  will carry immediate and current dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to and fungible with the existing Shares.6. Protection of the Warrant holdersIf the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to issue Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares so that the shareholders shall have the pre- emptive subscription right  the Warrant holder shall have the same or equal right as the shareholders. The equality is reached by the means resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith (i) by giving to the Warrant holder the same priority to the subscription of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares as given to the shareholders or (ii) by adjusting the Warrant Exercise Ratio or (ii) by combining the alternatives (i) and (ii) above. In other cases  the issuance of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.Notwithstanding the foregoing  if the Company resolves to split or reverse split its issued Shares prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  then these terms and conditions of the Warrants shall be amended so that the relative proportion of the Shares available for exercise with the Warrants to the total number of the Company’s Shares shall be the same both immediately prior to such split or reverse split and immediately after such split or reverse split.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  distributes dividends or funds from the fund for Company’s invested own free equity or lowers its share capital by distributing share capital to the shareholders  this will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to acquire or redeem its own Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares under Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies Act in accordance with Chapters 3 or 15 of the Finnish Companies Act  this will not require actions from the Company (or the Warrant holders) in relation to Warrants  and this will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to merge with another company as a merging company or with a company to be formed in a combination merger or if the Company decides to fully demerge its business activities  the Warrant holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to resolution on the merger or demerger  to convert the Warrant(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the exercise right  no exercise right shall exist anymore.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to change its legal form to a private company  all Warrants then outstanding shall remain in full force and effect.If  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  a Company’s shareholder holds Shares and votes in excess of 90 per cent and this leads to the realization of the redemption right and redemption obligation under Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  the Warrant holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company after the Company has become aware of the above situation  to exercise the Warrant(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the exercise right  no exercise right shall exist anymore.If  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  the Company is placed into liquidation or removed from the Trade Register  the Warrant holder shall be given the right to subscribe for the shares in the Company during a period determined by the board of directors prior to the beginning of the liquidation procedure or prior to the removal of the Company from the Trade Register.7. FractionsAny Warrants holder exercising its rights may subscribe to a number of Shares  which is calculated by multiplying the Warrant Exercise Ratio in effect at such time by the number of the Warrants exercised. If the Shares are listed and if the number of Shares calculated in this manner is not a whole number  a Warrant holder shall receive:either the nearest whole number of Shares immediately less than its entitlement and will receive a payment equal to the value of such additional fraction of a Share calculated on the basis of the closing Share price listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the Warrant Exercise Date;or the nearest whole number of Shares immediately more than its entitlement and will provide a payment equal to the value of such additional fraction of a Share calculated on the basis of the closing Share price listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the Warrant Exercise Date.",negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,mixed,0.14,0.2,0.66,True,English,"['Mass Production Contract', '5,000,000€ Financial Arrangement', 'Working Capital', 'Sono Motors', 'Valoe', 'Winance', 'Funding', 'Signing', 'Company', 'Debt', 'RiverFort', 'lowest daily volume weighted average price', 'Riverfort Global Opportunities Pcc Limited', ""Sono Motors' self-charging electric vehicle"", 'fifteen (15) consecutive trading days', 'convertible note facility agreement', 'one million euro', 'zero interest rate', 'convertible loan note', 'working capital situation', 'working capital needs', 'substantial customer contracts', 'two sequential Tranches', 'cool down period', 'EUR 5,000,000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT', 'The Convertible Notes', 'mass production contract', 'share subscription warrants', 'subscription price', 'Exercise Price', '6 sequential tranches', '2,000 convertible notes', 'significant customer', 'subsequent Tranches', 'four Tranches', 'cash flows', 'first quarter', 'negative impact', 'par value', 'several parts', 'conversion ratio', 'respective conversion', 'conversion request', 'nominal value', 'The Warrants', 'Finnish time', 'funding arrangement', 'additional funding', 'Commercial Terms', 'first tranche', 'treasury shares', 'additional shares', 'Valoe Oyj', 'Valoe Corporation', 'total minimum', 'Tranche Warrants', '13,333,333 warrants', '10,000,000 Warrants', '50,000,000 shares', '10,000,000 shares', 'Information', 'February', 'SIGNING', 'COMPANY', 'DEBT', 'Background', 'Purpose', 'Winance', 'related', '20 December', 'end', 'delay', 'financing', 'maximum', '24 months', 'drawdown', 'preconditions', 'right', 'Characteristics', 'Story', 'obligation', 'remainder', 'discretion', 'holder', 'aggregate', 'parties', 'maturity', '12 months', 'issuance', 'connection', 'charge', 'number']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18196,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sato-corporation-financial-statements-bulletin-070000508.html,SATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Bulletin 2022: Improved customer satisfaction strengthened customer retention,SATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 10 February 2023 at 9:00 am SATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Bulletin 2022 Highlights January–December 2022 (...,SATO OyjSATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 10 February 2023 at 9:00 amSATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Bulletin 2022Highlights January–December 2022 (January–December 2021)The economic occupancy rate improved in Finland and was 95.2% (94.9).Net sales stood at EUR 291.2 million (298.3).Net rental income decreased and was EUR 200.4 million (210.6).Profit before taxes decreased and was EUR 151.9 million (259.4).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR -14.9 million (129.1).Housing investments amounted to EUR 190.5 million (167.1).Invested capital was EUR 4 626.5 million (4 520.8).Return on invested capital was 4.3% (6.7).Earnings per share were EUR 2.13 (3.64).The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that dividends shall not be distributed (EUR 0.50).Highlights October–December 2022 (October–December 2021)The economic occupancy rate in Finland was 95.5% (95.4).Net sales were EUR 71.4 million (75.1).Profit before taxes was EUR -31.0 million (47.7).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR -58.1 million (14.6).Investments in rental apartments amounted to EUR 68.4 million (50.2).Earnings per share were EUR -0.45 (0.65).Events after the review periodChief Commercial Officer Janne Ojalehto left the company 27 January 2023.CEO’S REVIEWThe reporting year was exceptional. The mood at the start of the year was expectant in terms of the ending of the COVID-19 pandemic of the past two years and the lifting of the restrictions  and the year began with strong economic growth. However  Russia’s attack on Ukraine in February  created a new kind of uncertainty in the world and the war resulted in human suffering.The war’s impacts could been seen in our operating environment as economic uncertainty  rising energy prices and interest rates and high inflation. These multiplier effects showed in SATO’s business operations during the reporting year. We have approximately 25 000 homes in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. In addition  SATO has 522 apartments in St. Petersburg  which make up approximately one per cent of the value of our investment assets. Since the start of the war in Ukraine  we have been reviewing opportunities to withdraw from the Russian business operations and we are searching actively for a solution.Story continuesDespite the economic uncertainty  there is demand for rental apartments in Finland  and the urbanisation trend continues. The rise in mortgage interest rates coupled with the increase in energy and other costs had a partial impact on the growth in rental apartment demand. Now  also some of the people looking for an owner-occupied apartment may consider renting an apartment.The competition between rental housing providers is tough and a large number of new rental apartments has been built especially in the Helsinki metropolitan area in recent years. The historically high rate of housing construction is slowing. There are significantly fewer housing starts than before  but a large number of new apartments will be completed in 2023. This will maintain the tight competition for good tenants and keep rent increases moderate  despite the pressure for rent to increase in the future due to the rising cost level.During the reporting year  our investments in rental apartments were EUR 190.5 million (167.1). In 2022  we completed 191 rental apartments and 52 FlexHomes. On 31 December 2022  a total of 1 418 apartments were under construction. During the second half of the reporting year  we made a decision to refrain from launching any new construction projects. Our decision was based on the dramatic rise in the cost level for construction and property maintenance and the increase in financing costs  while rent development remained moderate due to the market situation.During the first half of the year  we made a decision to launch new non-subsidised rental apartment construction projects in Rykmentinpuisto in Tuusula  Skanssi in Turku and Finnoo in Espoo. The Rykmentinpuisto project is our first new apartment investment in Tuusula in 15 years and the Skanssi project is the first new apartment investment in Turku in five years.In April of the reporting year  we sold 2 009 rental apartments mainly in the Lahti  Jyväskylä and Oulu areas to the Swedish investment company Heimstaden. The sale was consistent with our strategy of focusing our apartment investments on the Helsinki metropolitan area and its commuting area along the main railway  and in Tampere and Turku and their surrounding municipalities.We continued to develop the customer experience at SATO during the year. The economic occupancy rate improved compared to the previous year and was 95.2% (94.9). Our tenant turnover for the reporting year fell and our customer satisfaction improved. We clarified and simplified the processes and operating models related to the customer experience and focused especially on building a harmonised and seamless service experience. In addition to developing digital services  we invested in our presence near to the customers.During the reporting year  we continued our sustainability work and released our sustainability programme for 2023−2026  our second ever. The themes of the sustainability programme are sustainable housing  thriving communities and sustainable profitability. Our vision is to be a leader in sustainable rental housing. In our own sustainability goals  we have committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).Last autumn  SATO became the first rental housing provider to join the Ostavastuullisesti.fi service  which provides sustainable service and products and tips for sustainable living. A sustainability panel consisting of outside experts in sustainable production and consumption selected six of SATO’s buildings: Lupajantie 2 in Mellunkylä  Helsinki; Jokiniityntie 28 in Kirkkonummi; Lincolninaukio 4 in Keimola  Vantaa; Kotkatie 6 in Espoo and Jokiniementie 46 and 48 in Veräjämäki  Helsinki to be featured on the website as more sustainable options. We also participated in Rakli’s Green Homes activities (which started up in 2022)  with altogether 1 100 Green Homes which had either geothermal heat or consumption-based water invoicing or both.During the reporting year  we focused on supporting the well-being of SATO personnel and encouraged SATO employees to learn and grow continually. Our goal is for each person to be able to come up with ideas in their work and develop solutions for future rental housing. We want for everyone at SATO to have the courage to reinvent themselves and the ability to succeed. During the year  the entire organisation adopted the objectives and key results (OKR) model with which we are working towards better setting of objectives  closer monitoring of results and openness. The constantly increasing complexity in the operating environment challenges both experts’ and supervisors’ competence and thinking. In order to provide support to this end  we launched supervisor training in the coaching management style during the reporting year.I wish to thank all SATO employees for their committed and excellent work. I also wish to thank our partners and the residents of our SATOhomes for their good co-operation during the past year.Report of the Board of DirectorsReport of the Board of Directors 1 January–31 December 2022Operating environmentThe year 2022 began with strong economic growth. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February of the reporting year brought uncertainty to the economic outlook  dramatically raising the price of energy and accelerating inflation. The exceptionally high inflation forced the central banks to react by rapidly hiking interest rates. During the reporting year  the ECB raised its key interest rate four times after the summer and it was 2.50% at the end of 2022. Due to the high inflation  interest rate hikes are expected to continue in early 2023. Inflation is anticipated to stabilise during 2023.Employment development was strong in early 2022  but slowed down towards year-end due to economic challenges. During the reporting year  consumers’ confidence weakened to a historically low level after the start of the year  which showed in private consumption. According to the projection made by the Bank of Finland on 16 December 2022  Finland’s economic growth in 2022 will be 1.9 % due to the good start to the year. In 2023  the increase in energy prices and the cost of living is predicted to cause the economy to slide into a slight downturn and shrink by 0.5%.Uncertainty and rising interest rates are slowing housing sales. According to the statistics released by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies in December 2022  sales volumes of new and old apartments clearly fell in November compared to the five-year average. According to Statistics Finland’s preliminary data in December  the prices of old owner-occupied apartments fell in November 2022 in the whole of Finland by 3.4% compared to November of the previous year.The economic situation will decelerate the historically high rate of construction. The number of issued building permits began to fall already in 2021  but plenty of new apartments were and will be completed in 2022 and 2023  which is maintaining tight competition for good tenants and keeping rent increases moderate. The increased cost level resulting from inflation does  however  create pressure to increase rents in the future.The lifting of COVID-19 restrictions and improving employment resulted in a positive turnaround in internal migration to large growth centres in 2022 and demand for rental apartments has begun to grow. This  and SATO’s investments in making renting more efficient and improving customer service  were visible as an increase in SATO’s occupancy rate. Also  economic uncertainty  upward pressure on interest rates and increasing consumer prices contributed to the increase in the demand for rental apartments.Despite the economic uncertainty  there is demand for rental apartments  and the urbanisation trend continues. Dense urban living near services and along good public transport connections is becoming increasingly popular in Finland. The Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku continue to enjoy strong growth  while according to Statistics Finland’s population projection  Finland’s population will start declining in 2031. The Helsinki metropolitan area is expected to grow by over 200 000 new residents by 2040. Close to 80% of the area’s residents already live in one- to two-person households  and the number of small households continues to rise. The proportion of immigrants living in the capital area is predicted to grow from the current 17% to 25% by 2030. Aging populations typically move closer to growth centres and the services they offer  and they increasingly expect housing-related services.The change in the population structure and urbanisation create a stable foundation for demand for rental housing especially in the capital area and in Tampere and Turku. Outside of growth centres  the real prices of homes are declining  which makes acquiring an owner-occupied apartment in growth centres even more challenging for people coming from those areas.StrategyCustomer experience  sustainability and sustainable housing  and SATO employees lie at the core of SATO’s strategy. We want to be closely involved in our customers’ daily lives in order to serve them in the best possible way. We build homes that stand the test of time and we take care of them in line with the life-cycle principles. We enable sustainable housing for our residents and encourage them to make sustainable choices in their daily lives. We want all SATO employees to be able to contribute ideas and participate in developing future housing solutions.SATO is a housing investment company whose basic product is a rental apartment in an apartment building. We focus our investments on growth centres: the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku  because in these areas demand for apartments is the highest and the increase in value is expected to be stable over the longer term. Our operations are geared towards profitable growth.During the reporting year  our strategy implementation focused especially on developing the customer experience  improving customer satisfaction and retention  and ensuring an excellent moving-in experience. We prepared a sustainability programme for 2023–2026  which is based on feedback from our stakeholders  such as personnel  customers and partners. The themes of the sustainability programme are sustainable housing  thriving communities and sustainable profitability. In our own sustainability goals  we have committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). With regard to our personnel  we focused on supporting work well-being and developing an inspiring employee experience  competence and a coaching management style.SATO has set maintaining its investment grade credit rating as a strategic goal. Our return on equity target is 8%. In addition  our strategic goal is to achieve a continuously improving Net Promoter Score (NPS) from our residents.According to SATO’s dividend policy  a maximum of 40% of the cash flow from operations will be paid in annual dividends  depending on the market situation  investment level  the development of the equity ratio and the solvency ratio.Net sales and profitIn 2022  consolidated net sales were EUR 291.2 million (298.3).Operating profit was EUR 198.9 million (304.5). The operating profit without the fair value change of investment properties was EUR 213.8 million (175.4). The change in fair value was EUR -14.9 million (129.1).Net financing costs totalled EUR -47.0 million (-45.1).Profit before taxes was EUR 151.9 million (259.4). Cash flow from operations (free cash flow after taxes excluding changes in fair value) amounted to EUR 141.3 million (107.9).Earnings per share were EUR 2.13 (3.64).Financial position and financingThe consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 5 184.7 million (5 091.4) at the end of December. Equity was EUR 2 480.9 million (2 351.3). Equity per share was EUR 43.82 (41.53).The Group’s equity ratio was 47.8% (46.2) at the end of the year. EUR 137.3 million in new long-term financing was withdrawn and the solvency ratio was 40.7% (42.5) at the end of December.The Group’s return on equity was 5.0% (9.1). Return on invested capital was 4.3% (6.7).Cash and cash equivalents at the end of December totalled EUR 60.5 million (8.5). Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of December totalled EUR 2 145.7 million (2 169.5)  of which loans subject to market terms accounted for EUR 1 991.3 million (1 994.5). The loan itemisation is in note 26 of the financial statements. At the end of the reporting year  the average loan interest rate was 2.3% (1.7). Net financing costs totalled EUR -47.0 million(-45.1). The average maturity of loans was 3.3 years (4.0).The calculated impact of changes in the market value of interest hedging on equity was EUR 48.1 million (15.1). During the reporting year  SATO increased the proportion of unsecured loans to 88.1% of all loans. At the end of the year  the proportion of unencumbered assets was 89.2% of the balance sheet.Group structureSATO Corporation is the parent company of SATO Group. At the end of the reporting year  the parent company had a total of 21 subsidiaries engaged in business operations (23). Mergers took place during the year in order to clarify the Group structure.SATO Corporation’s majority shareholder is Balder Finska Otas AB  whose parent company is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Housing businessOur housing business includes rental activities  customer service  lifecycle management and maintenance. Effective rental activities and digital services provide home-seekers with quick access to a home  and the Group with a steadily increasing cash flow. High-quality maintenance operations ensure the comfort of residents and that the apartments stay in good condition and maintain their value. We serve our customers in daily housing issues through our customer-oriented service organisation.The competition between rental housing providers has become tighter  as a large volume of new rental apartments have been built in growth centres  especially in the Helsinki metropolitan area  in recent years. Tenants now have a wide array of choices and a successful customer experience is more important than ever. We try to respond to this challenge by adjusting the organisation and our service processes. We want to be closely involved in our customers’ daily lives in order to serve them in the best possible way.During the reporting year we expanded the house expert model further in the Helsinki metropolitan area. At the end of the year  SATO employed 62 house experts and the model is now in use to its full extent in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. The house experts take care of the technical building work on homes and buildings. The purpose of our house expert operating model is to create a better customer experience and more efficient maintenance.SATO had approximately 45 000 customers at the end of the reporting year. We measure our successes in customer encounters using the Net Promoter Score (NPS). Our customer satisfaction improved during the reporting year. We clarified and simplified the processes and operating models related to the customer experience and focused especially on building a harmonised and seamless service experience. We invested in developing digital services  as well as our presence near to the customers. We also established closer collaboration between SATO employees working at our residents’ buildings and improved internal communications.The economic occupancy rate improved compared to the previous year and was 95.2% (94.9) on average in Finland. The external tenant turnover rate for rental apartments was 28.4% (31.2). Rental income decreased 2.4% and was EUR 291.2 million (298.3).The average monthly rent of SATO’s rental apartments in Finland at the end of the reporting year was EUR 17.84 per m2 (17.46).Net rental income for apartments was EUR 200.4 million (210.6).Investment propertiesOn 31 December 2022  SATO owned a total of 24 999 apartments (26 791). Altogether 191 rental apartments were completed and 1 was acquired. The total number of divested rental apartments was 2 021  of which 2 009 rental apartments were sold to the Swedish investment company Heimstaden.Fair valueThe development of the value of rental apartments is a key factor for SATO. The housing stock is focussed on areas and apartment sizes that are expected to grow in demand in the long term. The allocation of building repairs is based on life-cycle plans and repair need specifications.The fair value of investment properties at the end of December totalled EUR 5 044.2 million (5 032.8). The change in the value of investment properties  including investments and divestments in the financial year  was EUR 11.4 million (279.3).The external expert JLL Finland Oy (JLL) issues a biannual statement on the valuation methods applied by SATO  the appropriateness of sources of information used and the quality and credibility of the valuation for Finnish investment properties. JLL’s latest statement was issued on the valuation carried out on 31 December 2022. The criteria for the determination of the fair value are presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.The change in value was influenced by the increase in yield requirements and the decrease in the fair value of St. Petersburg housing assets.At the end of the year  the Helsinki metropolitan area’s commuting area accounted for 87.3%  Tampere for 6.4% and Turku for 5.1%  and St. Petersburg for roughly 1.2% of the value of apartments.Investments  divestments and property developmentInvestment activities are used to manage the housing portfolio and prepare the ground for growth. SATO’s investments in the 2000s in non-subsidised rental apartments total more than EUR 3 billion. SATO acquires and builds entire rental buildings and single rental apartments. Property development allows for new investments in rental apartments in Finland. The rental potential and value of rental apartments owned by SATO are developed through renovation activities.Investments in rental apartments were EUR 190.5 million (167.1). Investments in the Helsinki metropolitan area represented 84.0% of all investments in the reporting year. Investments in new apartments represented 57.1% of the investments. In addition  on 31 December 2022  binding purchase agreements in Finland totalled EUR 114.3 million (96.8).During the reporting year  2 021 rental apartments (26) were divested in Finland. Their total value was EUR 210.6 million (7.9). In April of the reporting year  we sold 2 009 rental apartments mainly in the Lahti  Jyväskylä and Oulu areas to the Swedish investment company Heimstaden. The sale was consistent with our strategy based on which SATO is focusing its apartment investments on the Helsinki metropolitan area and its commuting area along the main railway  and in Tampere and Turku and their surrounding municipalities.The book value of plot reserves totalled EUR 40.8 million (43.4) at the end of December. The value of new plots acquired by the end of December totalled EUR 18.4 million (15.5).The permitted building volume for about 1 450 apartments is being developed for the plots in the company’s housing portfolio. This allows SATO to utilise existing infrastructure  create a denser urban structure and thus bring more customers closer to services and public transport connections.We collaborate with cities when areas are being developed and new housing is planned for them. As a long-term owner  housing investor and housing provider  SATO wants to build nice homes  residential areas and pleasant urban areas for decades to come. During the reporting year  we continued the development of the Hakunila area in Vantaa and Finnoo in Espoo  for example. In Helsinki  we were involved in planning the Mellunpuisto project in Mellunkylä and we continued our collaboration with VR to develop the area it owns in Ilmala. During the reporting year  plots in complementary planning areas developed by SATO were sold to construction companies and other partners  enabling the construction of approximately 175−200 owner-occupied apartments and roughly 25 state-subsidised rental apartments  thus promoting a diverse residential area and urban structure.In May 2022  construction of non-subsidised rental apartments began in Rykmentinpuisto in Tuusula. The area is a collaboration by several parties and the area will include different types of housing. SATO is building 92 non-subsidised rental apartments in the area. The Rykmentinpuisto Pataljoonantie project is SATO’s first new apartment investment in Tuusula in more than 15 years.In August 2022  SATO signed a deed to buy from Lujatalo an apartment building which is being built in Skanssi  Turku. The eight-storey building under construction at the address Sorakatu 9 will have 77 new rental apartments. This is SATO’s first new apartment investment in Turku in five years. Construction was begun in August 2022 and the apartments will be ready for residents at the end of 2023.We are building 257 new rental apartments at Peijinkuja in Finnoo  Espoo. Construction began in August 2022 and the apartments will be completed in stages during autumn 2024. The project is based on long-term development work in which we drew up a new local plan with the City of Espoo for a property that SATO owns in the old low-rise area of Hannus  which formerly featured terraced houses. The area is being transformed into a new area called Finnoo. SATO’s goal is to continue developing the Finnoo area in the future.During the reporting year  new rental apartments were finished on Lupajantie in Mellunmäki  Helsinki and on Jokiniityntie in Kirkkonummi.Due to rising construction  maintenance and financing costs and the moderate rent development resulting from the competitive situation  we made a decision to refrain from launching new construction projects and we are postponing their launch.In 2022  we completed 191 rental apartments (235) and 0 owner-occupied apartments (71) and 52 FlexHomes (0) in Finland. On 31 December 2022  a total of 1 418 apartments (1 152) were under construction: 1 418 rental apartments (1 100) and 0 owner-occupied apartments (0) and 0 FlexHomes (52). FlexHome is a short-term ownership concept that enables home ownership with a small initial capital outlay and which the resident can purchase entirely for themselves within five years of completion.A total of EUR 92.4 million (93.6) was spent on repairing and upgrading apartments.At the end of December  SATO owned 522 apartments (525) in St. Petersburg. The economic occupancy rate of rental apartments in St. Petersburg was 92.4% (97.7) on average. Since the start of the war in Ukraine  we have been reviewing opportunities to withdraw from the Russian business operations. Based on our studies  a fast withdrawal is not possible. For this reason  SATO will continue to rent residential apartments in St. Petersburg until a way to withdraw has been found. The company is actively seeking a solution.SustainabilityOur sustainability work during the reporting year was guided by SATO’s strategy and our sustainability programme for 2019–2022  which emphasised carbon-neutral cities and the well-being of residents and neighbourhoods.Due to the energy crisis resulting from the war in Ukraine  we increased the efficiency of our energy saving measures and paid more attention to the temperatures of apartments than earlier. We monitor and regulate the heating of some 21 000 SATOhomes using AI. Our goal is to maintain a temperature of approximately 21 degrees in SATOhomes  which is a healthy and energy-efficient indoor temperature. In addition to our own energy saving measures  we actively provided our residents with guidance on energy saving opportunities in their day-to-day lives. At the end of the year  we provided our residents with instructions on how to prepare for possible blackouts in the exceptional energy situation.During the reporting year  we launched a development project related to waste and sorting  in which we surveyed our homes’ waste-collection points and inspected their lighting  the number of waste bins and signage. Based on the survey  we targeted repairs at the sites that needed them and they will continue in upcoming years. Our housing advisors’ tours focused on waste guidance during the year. We pilot tested a clothing collection point on Kauppakartanonkatu in Helsinki’s Itäkeskus.Some of our sustainable development measures are described below under ‘Impacts on the environment and society’.In the autumn of 2022  an external sustainability panel chose six of SATO’s rental apartment buildings to be among the Ostavastuullisesti.fi website’s more sustainable choices. SATO was the first rental housing provider to be included in the Ostavastuullisesti.fi service. Our following buildings were assessed to be a more sustainable choice: Lupajantie 2 in Mellunkylä  Helsinki; Jokiniityntie 28 in Kirkkonummi; Lincolninaukio 4 in Keimola  Vantaa; Kotkatie 6 in Espoo and Jokiniementie 46 and 48 in Veräjämäki  Helsinki.In 2022  we took part in Rakli’s newly launched Green Homes activities. At the end of 2022  we had altogether 1 100 Green Homes which had either geothermal heat or consumption-based water invoicing or both.We participated for the eighth time in the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) assessment. SATO received two stars on a scale of one to five. SATO’s score in the Standing Investments Benchmark (existing properties) fell by one point from last year (score now at 73)  while in the Development Benchmark (construction projects) SATO’s score rose to 75 points from 71 points last year. We report on our sustainability annually in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) reporting guidelines  and the environmental sustainability figures presented in the report have been verified by an independent third party  i.e. KPMG Oy Ab.During the reporting year  we collaborated on a project with the non-profit organisations No Fixed Abode and the Rehabilitation Foundation to help participants in the project find two of life’s essentials – a home and a job. By the end of 2022  10 people who had participated in the project were living in a SATOhome.During 2022  we updated the materiality analysis and released a new sustainability programme for 2023–2026. Our vision is to be a leader in sustainable rental housing during the programme period.In 2020 we committed to reporting in compliance with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework and in 2021  we conducted an extensive assessment of the risks and opportunities arising from climate change for SATO’s entire supply chain. In the framework  the risks are divided into four main categories: transition risks  acute and chronic physical risks and social risks. At the same time  we carried out a scenario analysis to look into how the two- and four-degree scenarios affect society and how SATO should prepare for these changes. During the reporting year  risks caused by climate change were part of SATO’s general risk assessment that is conducted internally each year. In 2022  two reports were made to SATO’s Board of Directors on climate risks and opportunities and their impact.The Corporate Governance Statement is published separately from the Report of the Board of Directors. SATO’s Corporate Governance Statement  Code of Conduct and sustainability programme are available at sato.fi.Impacts on the environment and societyOur objective is to systematically reduce the negative impacts of our operations on the environment. We reduce the load on the environment by regularly and proactively taking care of and repairing homes and properties according to the life-cycle principle  and by building properties primarily in existing urban environments and near good public transport connections.The planning of SATO’s new rental apartments always takes into account energy efficiency and solutions that will last for decades. In new properties  SATO’s goal is energy class A (energy performance indicator 75 or below)  which is significantly better than that required by the building code (energy performance indicator 90). All of the buildings that were completed during the reporting year were energy class A. The average EPI for buildings begun during 2022 was 72 and all of the housing starts are energy class A.We are committed to the Energy Efficiency Agreement targets for the property sector  aiming for a reduction in the total consumption of electricity and heat of 10.5% from the 2015 baseline by 2025.The use of renewable energy in heating significantly reduces the in-use emissions of homes. At every new building and renovation site  we look into the possibility of geothermal heat. We currently have 17 properties that are carbon neutral in terms of electricity and heating. During the reporting year  geothermal heat was being built on 12 properties. In addition  six properties had a solar power plant and solar power plants were being built on nine properties. In 2022  building electricity consisted entirely of emission-free electricity.During 2022  SATO converted the heating system to geothermal heat at the last properties which still had fossil-fuel-based heating  thus taking us a significant step closer to our goal of achieving in-use carbon neutrality.Vantaa Energy and SATO signed an energy partnership agreement in February 2022. Together with Vantaa Energy  we are developing carbon-neutral energy solutions for buildings’ heating and cooling  which will help us achieve our carbon neutrality target by 2030 for in-use energy consumption.During the reporting year  we continued to invest in energy efficiency improvements in SATOhomes in connection with renovations. In renovations  our goal is to improve energy efficiency by some 30% compared to earlier. Due to the rise in heating and electricity prices  energy costs rose overall.During the reporting year  specific energy consumption fell 4.1%  specific electricity consumption rose 7.1% and specific water consumption fell 2.0% compared to 2021. Specific emissions from SATO’s apartments fell by 9.3% compared to 2021 and were 28.2 (31.1) carbon dioxide equivalent kilograms per square metre. Emissions are calculated according to the absolute consumption of district heat. Electricity was generated from emission-free nuclear power.According to the Ministry of the Environment  the built environment causes approximately one third of Finland’s greenhouse gas emissions. The construction industry  together with the real estate sector and their related services  employ more than half a million people and bring in tax revenues for society. The construction industry does  however  have negative impacts not only on the environment  but also society and people. Some well-known examples of the construction industry’s negative impacts are the grey economy  occupational safety and human rights-related violations  as well as irregularities in procurement and delivery chains. We regularly assess and predict the social  economic and environmental risks related to our operations. We try to systematically reduce the identified negative impacts  for example by following our Code of Conduct  by combating the grey economy  by conducting audits and internal control  and by continuously developing our operations. During 2022  we decided to survey the current state of our compliance function in order to gain an overall picture of our policies and commitments.SATO has a whistleblowing channel through which SATO employees and external stakeholders can anonymously report critical concerns.The Group’s sustainability programme is available in its entirety at sato.fi.Development activitiesSATO’s development activities during the reporting year focused on developing sales and customer experience processes and operating models  the renewal of the invoicing processes and improving the continuous development operating model. We invested in developing digital services  as well as our presence near to the customers  and in building a uniform and seamless service experience. Our goal is to serve our customers in the best way possible  regardless of time or place.Based on customer feedback  we also developed  during the reporting year  our processes involving the rental of a new home. The changes made daily work more efficient for our rental team  which also means even better service for our customers. We revamped the reservation of apartment viewings to make them more flexible for the customer and to pilot test the online reservation of viewings no matter the time or place. The apartment viewings were mostly held by our own viewing agents. We updated the apartment application process on the sato.fi website and in 2022 made it possible for our customers to apply for homes using the ‘more sustainable option’ search criterion.In our development operations last year  we also focused on renewing the invoicing processes and we piloted a new invoicing system in summer 2022. The new system offers better opportunities to view up-to-date invoicing information and the plan is to roll it out in full in spring 2023.In developing the business  we adopted a continuous development model at SATO during the reporting year. We defined the roles related to the model and will develop the activities as smaller components rather than large units  which will speed up development work and allow processes to be improved more effectively.A total of EUR 3.2 million (3.2) was spent on development  corresponding to approximately 1.1% of net sales.Risk managementRisk management is used to ensure that risks impacting the company’s business are identified  managed and monitored. The main risks of SATO’s business are risks related to the business environment and financial risks.SATO’s most significant risks are related to prolonged inflation and the resulting rise in interest rates. As a result of the war in Ukraine  the prices of energy  food  materials and commodities have increased dramatically and interest rates have risen. Higher cost of living can have a negative impact on consumers’ purchasing power and ability to meet their obligations. If the strong growth in the cost of financing and maintenance costs continues and the market situation does not provide an opportunity to transfer the higher costs into rents in full  this can have a negative impact on the fair value of investment assets and the company’s ability to finance investments  which means that new investments and renovations will have to be postponed.The most significant risks in the renting of apartments are related to economic cycles and fluctuations in demand and supply. Market risk can increase the supply of rental housing to a point that it exceeds demand. This leads to rental housing vacancies and pressure to even out or lower the rent level especially for the old housing portfolio.A clear weakening in the housing market could have a negative impact on the market value of SATO’s housing portfolio. In accordance with its strategy  SATO focuses its investments on growth centres and on renovating and repairing its existing housing portfolio  thus ensuring the rental potential of its apartments and the development of their value.Changes in official regulations and legislation  as well as the uncertainty stemming from them  may have a significant impact on the reliability of the investment environment and thus on SATO’s business. SATO monitors and anticipates these changes and also calls attention to what it considers to be negative impacts of regulation.The management of financial risks is steered by the Group’s treasury policy  which has been approved by SATO’s Board of Directors. Our financial risk management principles have been defined in the treasury policy. Our most significant financial risks relate to liquidity  refinancing and interest rates. We manage our liquidity and refinancing risks by diversifying the financing sources and maturity of our loan portfolio  and by holding sufficient liquidity reserves in the form of committed credit facilities and other long-term financing commitments. The company established a EUR 1.5 billion Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) bond programme in 2019.The means for managing the liquidity risk at SATO include cash assets  a bank account limit  committed credit facilities of EUR 700 million and a commercial paper programme of EUR 400 million. We increase the amount of reserves as the financing requirements grow. Our objective is to keep the liquidity requirements of the next 12 months covered by committed agreements.Floating rate loans form an interest rate risk which we manage by balancing the share of fixed and floating rate loans either by issuing fixed rate loans or by interest rate hedges. According to our treasury policy  our objective is to keep the ratio of fixed rate loans at over 60 % of debt portfolio after interest hedging.There are risks related to the business environment in our St. Petersburg operations  including currency risk. The consolidation of foreign currency-denominated assets in the consolidated financial statements also involves a translation risk. Possibilities of hedging the translation risk are evaluated in accordance with our financial policy. SATO has abstained from making new investments in Russia for a long time. Since the start of the war in Ukraine  the company has been reviewing opportunities to withdraw from the Russian business operations. Based on our studies  a fast withdrawal is not possible  which is why SATO will continue to rent residential apartments in St. Petersburg until a way to withdraw has been found. The company is actively seeking a solution. The Russian operating environment is expected to be extremely uncertain and it may cause disturbances in SATO’s business operations in Russia and with parties related to the Russian business. This can affect SATO’s ability to make payments to suppliers  its employees and authorities  and to receive payments from customers  which can have a significant adverse impact on SATO’s business operations in Russia. If the Ukraine war is prolonged  doing business in Russia may have a negative impact on the company’s reputation and it may make doing business difficult in Finland and weaken the company’s ability to procure financing on the market. It may also have an adverse impact on the financial result or operations of SATO’s properties  not to mention on financing costs or values.A more detailed description of risks and risk management is available on the Group’s website www.sato.fi.Pending legal actionsSATO has no official procedures  legal actions or arbitration proceedings pending that would have a significant impact on the company’s financial standing or profitability  and SATO is not aware of any threat of such proceedings.SharesOn 31 December 2022  the share capital of SATO Corporation was EUR 4 442 192.00 and there were 56 783 067 shares. The company has one series of shares. The shares are included in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.SATO Corporation holds 166 000 treasury shares. This represents 0.3% of all shares and the votes they confer.On 31 December 2022  the Board of Directors did not have authorisation to acquire or issue the company’s own shares.On 31 December 2022  the Board members or the CEO of SATO Corporation did not directly hold any shares in the company. A more detailed description of the shareholdings of the members of the Board is given in the Corporate Governance Statement 2022.PersonnelAt the end of December  the Group employed 325 people (313)  of whom 299 (278) had a permanent employment contract. The average number of personnel was 328 (276) during the reporting year. The Group’s salaries and remunerations in 2022 totalled EUR 21.6 million (18.8).Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee consists of representatives of SATO’s four largest shareholders registered in the book-entry system on 1 October. If a shareholder chooses not to exercise their nomination right  the right will pass on to the next largest shareholder. The State Pension Fund  the company’s fourth largest shareholder on 1 October 2022  did not exercise its nomination right  and the right was passed to Erkka Valkila  the fifth largest shareholder. The Committee consisted of representatives of the following shareholders: Balder Finska Otas AB (Erik Selin)  Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool (Hans Spikker)  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company (Hanna Hiidenpalo) and Erkka Valkila.Board of Directors  CEO and auditorsThe Annual General Meeting held on 24 March 2022 confirmed that the Board of Directors consists of six members.In 2022  the members of SATO’s Board of Directors were chairman Erik Selin and ordinary members Esa Lager  Tarja Pääkkönen  Sharam Rahi  Johannus (Hans) Spikker and Timo Stenius.The Board of Directors convened 11 times in 2022. The Board’s work is supported by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.In 2022  Antti Aarnio  M.Sc. (Tech.)  was SATO’s CEO.As the company’s auditor  the Annual General Meeting selected the audit firm Deloitte Oy  which appointed APA Aleksi Martamo as the auditor in charge. The auditor’s term in office is the financial year  and the auditor’s duties end at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting.Members of the Management GroupDuring the reporting period 2022  the Corporate Management Group consisted of Antti Aarnio  CEO  Arto Aalto  EVP  Investments  Markku Honkasalo  CFO  Janne Ojalehto  CCO (until 27 January 2023) and Elina Vaurasalo  EVP  Housing Business.OutlookIn the operating environment  SATO’s business activities are mainly affected by consumer confidence  the development of purchasing power  rent and price development for apartments  the general competitive situation and interest rates.Employment development was strong in early 2022  but slowed down towards year-end due to economic challenges. During the reporting year  consumers’ confidence weakened to a historically low level after the start of the year  which showed in private consumption. According to the projection made by the Bank of Finland on 16 December 2022  Finland’s economic growth in 2022 will be 1.9% due to the good start to the year. In 2023  the increase in energy prices and the cost of living is predicted to cause the economy to slide into a slight downturn and shrink by 0.5%.Uncertainty and rising interest rates are slowing housing sales. According to the statistics released by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies in December 2022  sales volumes of new and old apartments clearly fell in November compared to the five-year average. According to Statistics Finland’s preliminary data in December  the prices of old owner-occupied apartments fell in November 2022 in the whole of Finland by 3.4% compared to November of the previous year.The economic situation will decelerate the historically high rate of construction. The number of issued building permits began to fall already in 2021  but plenty of new apartments were and will be completed in 2022 and 2023  which is maintaining tight competition for good tenants and keeping rent increases moderate. The increased cost level resulting from inflation does  however  create pressure to increase rents in the future.The lifting of COVID-19 restrictions and improving employment resulted in a positive turnaround in internal migration to large growth centres in 2022 and demand for rental apartments has begun to grow. This  and SATO’s investments in making renting more efficient and improving customer service  were visible as an increase in SATO’s occupancy rate. Also  economic uncertainty  upward pressure on interest rates and increasing consumer prices contributed to the increase in the demand for rental apartments.As tenants have a wider array of choices  a successful customer experience is more important than ever. SATO is investing strongly in increasing its customer presence and developing digital services.In line with its majority shareholder’s operating model  SATO Corporation will not publish guidance on its 2023 earnings. The parent company of Balder Finska Otas AB is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the distribution of profitOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable equity was EUR 512 557 145.56  of which profit for the period was EUR 129 644 613.16. The company had 56 617 067 outstanding shares entitling to dividends for 2022.According to the dividend policy  a maximum of 40% of the cash flow from operations will be paid in annual dividends  depending on the market situation  investment level  the development of the equity ratio and the solvency ratio.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that dividends shall not be distributed for the 2022 financial period (EUR 0.50 per share for year 2021)  and that EUR 129 644 613.16 is transferred to earnings.Largest shareholders 30.12.2022Number of shares % Balder Finska Otas Ab (Fastighets Ab Balder)31 971 535 56.3% Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool12 811 647 22.6% Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company7 233 081 12.7% The State Pension Fund2 796 200 4.9% Valkila Erkka385 000 0.7% SATO Corporation166 000 0.3% Entelä Tuula159 000 0.3% Heinonen Erkki146 684 0.3% Tradeka Invest Ltd126 500 0.2% Research Foundation of the Pulmonary Diseases120 000 0.2% Others (117 shareholders)1 527 603 1.5%On 30 December 2022  the Group had 127 shareholders entered in the book-entry register. The turnover of SATO Corporation’s shares was 1.7% during the reporting year.More information at www.sato.fi.Annual General Meeting 2023The Annual General Meeting of SATO Corporation will be held on March 23  2023.Financial publications in 2023Publication dates for interim reports and the half-year financial report:Interim report January–March: 11 May 2023Half-year financial report January–June: 18 July 2023Interim report January–September: 27 October 2023Further informationCEO Antti Aarnio  tel. +358 20 134 4200CFO Markku Honkasalo  tel. +358 20 134 4226www.sato.fiSATO CORPORATIONATTACHMENTSAnnual Report 2022Financial Statements presentation 2022Financial Statements as an XHTML fileDISTRIBUTION:NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.  Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fiSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2022  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 291.2 million  operating profit EUR 198.9 million and profit before taxes EUR 151.9 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 5 billion. www.sato.fiAttachments,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.07,0.66,True,English,"['Financial Statements Bulletin', 'SATO Corporation', 'customer satisfaction', 'customer retention', 'Chief Commercial Officer Janne Ojalehto', 'new non-subsidised rental apartment construction projects', 'first new apartment investment', 'new construction projects', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Financial Statements Bulletin', 'Annual General Meeting', 'one per cent', 'Helsinki metropolitan area', 'fewer housing starts', 'economic occupancy rate', 'rental housing providers', 'Net rental income', 'new rental apartments', 'past two years', 'rising energy prices', 'Russian business operations', 'mortgage interest rates', 'rising cost level', 'rental apartment demand', 'Swedish investment company', 'strong economic growth', 'The Rykmentinpuisto project', 'new kind', 'first half', 'new apartments', 'owner-occupied apartment', 'housing construction', 'investment properties', 'investment assets', 'high rate', 'commuting area', '191 rental apartments', '2,009 rental apartments', 'apartment investments', 'Net sales', 'economic uncertainty', 'unrealised change', 'Housing investments', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'human suffering', 'operating environment', 'high inflation', 'multiplier effects', 'St. Petersburg', 'other costs', 'partial impact', 'large number', 'recent years', 'good tenants', 'second half', 'financing costs', 'market situation', 'Skanssi project', 'five years', 'Jyväskylä', 'Oulu areas', 'main railway', 'surrounding municipalities', 'customer experience', 'tenant turnover', 'customer satisfaction', 'operating models', 'fair value', 'rent increases', 'rent development', 'reporting year', 'previous year', 'SATO Oyj', 'SATO Corporation', 'review period', 'tight competition', 'dramatic rise', '15 years', '522 apartments', '1,418 apartments', 'Highlights', 'December', 'January', 'Finland', 'Profit', 'taxes', 'result', 'capital', 'Return', 'Earnings', 'share', 'Board', 'Directors', 'dividends', 'October', 'Events', 'CEO', 'mood', 'terms', 'ending', 'lifting', 'restrictions', 'attack', 'Ukraine', 'February', 'world', 'war', 'impacts', '25,000 homes', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'addition', 'opportunities', 'solution', 'Story', 'trend', 'people', 'pressure', 'future', '52 FlexHomes', 'total', 'decision', 'property', 'maintenance', 'Tuusula', 'Finnoo', 'Espoo', 'April', 'Lahti', 'Heimstaden', 'strategy', 'processes', 'harmonised', '9:00']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18197,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605679/0/en/Sampo-Group-s-results-for-2022.html,Sampo Group’s results for 2022,SAMPO PLC                        FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE           10 February 2023 at 9:35 am          Sampo Group’s results for 2022        •...,English FinnishSAMPO PLC FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 10 February 2023 at 9:35 amSampo Group’s results for 2022• Group P&C gross written premiums increased by 6 per cent year-on-year to EUR 8 136 million. The Group combined ratio was strong at 82.1 per cent (81.4).• Underwriting profit increased by 2 per cent to EUR 1 314 million (1 282). Excluding COVID-19 effects reported in 2021  underwriting profit grew 13 per cent.• The Board proposes a EUR 2.60 per share (4.10) dividend  including a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share (1.70). In addition  management is to propose a new EUR 400 million buyback programme.• The strategic review of Mandatum is ongoing  with all options still available. An update is expected to be provided by the end of the first quarter.• Group Solvency II coverage stood at 210 per cent (185)  after allowing for all the capital management actions outlined above. Financial leverage was 25.6 per cent (23.8).Key figuresEURm 2022 2021 Change  % 10–12/2022 10–12/2021 Change  % Profit before taxes 1 863 3 171 -41 390 1 197 -67 If 1 217 1 077 13 285 260 10 Topdanmark 220 346 -36 128 89 44 Hastings 73 127 -43 7 11 -34 Mandatum *) 207 291 -29 18 91 -80 Holding *) 146 1 331 -89 -48 746 - Profit for the period 1 541 2 748 -44 323 1 086 -70 Underwriting profit 1 314 1 282 2 304 297 2 Change Change Earnings per share  EUR 2.69 4.63 -1.94 0.50 1.89 -1.39 EPS (without eo. items)  EUR **) 2.41 2.86 -0.45 0.41 0.55 -0.14 EPS (including OCI)  EUR ***) -0.26 5.90 -6.16 0.71 2.22 -1.63 RoE (including OCI)  % -1.3 26.8 -28.1 - - -*) After Mandatum’s group contribution of EUR 29 million in Q4/2022 and EUR 15 million in Q4/2021 to Sampo plc.**) The accounting effects treated as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy amounted to EUR 138 million in 2022 and EUR 35 million in Q4/2022. In the comparison period  extraordinary items were EUR 982 million in 2021 and EUR 746 million in Q4/2021.***) OCI refers to Other comprehensive income.The figures in this report have not been audited.Sampo Group financial targets for 2021–2023Target 2022 Group Mid-single digit UW profit growth annually on average (excluding COVID-19 effects) 13% (2% on a reported basis) Group combined ratio: below 86% 82.1% Solvency ratio: 170-190% 210% Financial leverage: below 30% 25.6% If Combined ratio: below 85% 80.3% Hastings Operating ratio: below 88% 89.7% Loss ratio: below 76% 83.7%Year 2022 effects related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been very limited; hence  these will not be reported separately.For further information  please see section Other developments.FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR 2022Sampo Group’s core business  P&C insurance delivered strong results in 2022. Underwriting profit amounted to EUR 1 314 million (1 282)  representing year-on-year growth of 2 per cent or 13 per cent adjusted for COVID-19 effects reported in 2021. The Group combined ratio was solid at 82.1 per cent (81.4)  supported by excellent performance in Nordic P&C and benefits from higher discount rates. Excluding the reported COVID-19 effects in 2021  the combined ratio would have improved by 1.0 percentage points year-on-year. Gross written premiums increased by 6 per cent to EUR 8 136 million (7 644)  driven by strong renewals  high retention and disciplined pricing. Sampo targets mid-single digit per cent underwriting profit growth on average and a combined ratio below 86 per cent for 2021-2023.If P&C’s underwriting profit increased 11 per cent to EUR 985 million (891) and the combined ratio improved to 80.3 per cent (81.3). The result was driven by a 7.2 per cent currency adjusted premium growth and continued strong underlying performance. Premium development was supported by broad-based growth across all business areas  with Industrial and the Baltics seeing the most notable positive development. In the largest business area  Private  currency adjusted premium growth remained solid at 3.5 per cent despite a decline in Nordic new car sales. The adjusted risk ratio improved by approximately 0.5 percentage points year-on-year. In addition to the strong underwriting development  the significant changes in the interest rate environment during 2022 increased If’s fixed income running yield to 3.2 per cent (1.5). Profit before taxes increased to EUR 1 217 million (1 077).Topdanmark’s profit before taxes for 2022 in Sampo Group’s profit and loss account decreased to EUR 220 million (346)  as the investment result was affected by the adverse market environment. The sale of Topdanmark life insurance business in the fourth quarter of 2022 supported the result by EUR 72 million. The combined ratio stood at 83.1 per cent (82.3).Hastings reported solid top-line growth with resilient margins in a challenging UK motor insurance market  in which the claims inflation remained elevated throughout the year. Gross written premiums grew by 15 per cent on a currency adjusted basis in 2022  supported by high retention and disciplined pricing. Live customer policies increased 2 per cent year-on-year to over 3.2 million  driven by a 33 per cent growth in home insurance  while motor policy count was stable. Hastings’ operating ratio increased to 89.7 per cent (80.3). Profit before taxes amounted to EUR 73 million (127)  or EUR 131 million (168) excluding the non-operational depreciation and amortisation.The Mandatum segment’s profit before taxes for 2022 decreased to EUR 207 million (291)  reflecting lower realised gains and an increase in the group contribution to Sampo plc to EUR 29 million (15). Mandatum’s net flows in third-party assets remained positive in every quarter  but were outweighed by the decline in market values  leading to assets under management of EUR 10.3 billion at the end of 2022  down from EUR 11.1 billion at the year-end 2021. Mandatum Life’s Solvency II ratio increased to 248 per cent (190)  driven by higher interest rates and lower solvency capital requirement.The profit before taxes of EUR 1 863 million (3 171) for 2022 includes accounting effects of EUR 138 million (982) defined as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy. Of the total amount  EUR 103 million related to the sale of Nordea shares  EUR 72 million to the sale of Topdanmark Life and EUR -37 million to the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment. Excluding these items  the profit before taxes declined to EUR 1 725 million (2 189)  mainly as a result of Nordea no longer being consolidated as an associate. The total comprehensive income  which takes changes in the market values of assets into account  was affected by the adverse capital markets environment and amounted to EUR -26 million (3 448).Sampo Group’s year-end 2022 Solvency II ratio stood at 210 per cent  up from 185 per cent at the year-end 2021  but down from 256 per cent at the end of the third quarter. The decrease over the third quarter was primarily driven by the inclusion of the dividend proposal and the planned new buyback programme. Sampo targets a solvency ratio of 170–190 per cent.Sampo Group’s financial leverage was 25.6 per cent at the end of 2022  up from 23.8 per cent at the end of 2021  but slightly down from 25.9 per cent at the end of the third quarter. Sampo targets a financial leverage ratio below 30 per cent.Sampo plc’s Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share for the 2022 financial year to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023. This consists of a regular dividend (formerly known as the insurance dividend as introduced at the 2021 CMD) of EUR 1.80 per share (1.70)  representing growth of 6 per cent  and an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share. In addition to the dividend  management is to propose to the Board a new EUR 400 million buyback programme.The implementation of IFRS 17 and 9 on 1 January 2023 will bring asset and liability side mark-to-market effects into Sampo’s reported net income. As a result  the Sampo Board has decided to adjust the Group’s dividend policy  such that the payout ratio is measured against a newly defined operational result rather than net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary  as previously. The change is not expected to have any significant effect on the size and trajectory of dividends. The adjusted dividend policy is described in the section Dividend proposal.On 7 December 2022  Sampo plc announced that the Board of Directors had decided to undertake a strategic review of Mandatum in line with Sampo’s strategic focus on P&C insurance. The Board continues to review a number of different options  with the aim to evaluate whether a separation of Mandatum could create shareholder value. Sampo expects to provide a further update on the strategic review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.In 2022  Sampo repurchased its own shares through three buyback programmes. Of the latest buyback programme of EUR 1 billion  launched on 9 June 2022  EUR 845 million had been executed at year-end 2022. The programme was completed on 8 February 2023. In total  Sampo repurchased 32 million shares for a total of EUR 1.4 billion in 2022.FOURTH QUARTER 2022 IN BRIEFIn October-December 2022  Sampo Group reported profit before taxes of EUR 390 million (1 197). Excluding accounting effects treated as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy  profit before taxes amounted to EUR 355 million (452). Earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.50 (1.89)  or EUR 0.41 (0.55) excluding extraordinary items. Total comprehensive income  which takes changes in the market values of assets into account  amounted to EUR 448 million (1 269).Group underwriting profit increased to EUR 304 million (297). Excluding COVID-19 effects reported in the comparison period  underwriting profit grew by 12 per cent. The Group combined ratio amounted to 83.7 per cent (83.0).If P&C reported profit before taxes of EUR 285 million (260) and underwriting profit of EUR 229 million (210). The combined ratio was 81.7 per cent (82.9) and gross written premium growth 7.8 per cent on a currency adjusted basis. The adjusted risk ratio  which excludes the impact of large losses  severe weather  reported COVID-19 effects and prior year development  improved by 0.2 percentage points year-on-year.Topdanmark’s profit before taxes amounted to EUR 128 million (89) and combined ratio was 82.1 per cent (80.6).Hastings profit before taxes amounted to EUR 7 million (11). The operating ratio deteriorated to 94.0 per cent (87.9)  driven by increased claims frequency due to harsh weather conditions particularly in December. Gross written premiums increased by 31 per cent year-on-year on a currency adjusted basis. Live customer policy count remained stable  supported by continued strong growth in home insurance.The Mandatum segment’s profit before taxes amounted to EUR 18 million (91)  net of a profit contribution to Sampo plc of EUR 29 million (15). Excluding the profit contribution  profit before taxes stood at EUR 47 million (106). Mandatum’s third-party assets under management increased to EUR 10.3 billion from EUR 10.1 billion at the end of the third quarter  supported by strong net flows of EUR 213 million during the quarter.GROUP CEO’S COMMENTSampo’s fourth quarter was characterised by strong operational execution  robust financial results and further steps on our strategic agenda. As we conclude a successful year  I am delighted that we are announcing EUR 1.7 billion (EUR 3.40 per share) of planned capital returns to shareholders.Sampo’s P&C insurance operations delivered excellent fourth quarter underwriting results of EUR 304 million  representing 13 per cent year-on-year growth  after adjusting for COVID-19 effects in the prior year. Notably  this result was achieved despite adverse weather in the form of heavy snowfall and cold weather. As always  our focus has been on assisting affected customers through superior service  which is a cornerstone of our strategy and instrumental in securing high retention rates over the long term.The result was driven mainly by our Nordic P&C business  where If grew underwriting profit excluding COVID-19 effects by 23 per cent  supported by an excellent fourth quarter combined ratio of 81.7 per cent and currency adjusted premium growth of 7.8 per cent. Importantly  our Nordic customer retention has remained high as we continue to cover claims inflation of 4–5 per cent with rate increases. The strongest pricing momentum is observed in Industrial  but fourth quarter premium growth also benefited from a stabilisation of new cars sales  albeit at a relatively low level  including support from high electric vehicle sales.In the UK  market conditions remained challenging  but Hastings achieved premium growth of 15 per cent over 2022 as it implemented significant rate increases to cover claims inflation of 12 per cent. Adverse weather had a negative impact on Hastings’ operating ratio  pushing this to 89.7 per cent for 2022 as a whole. Although above our annual 88 per cent target  Hastings has delivered a relatively resilient result in what has been a challenging year for the UK motor market. I believe this reflects skilful operational execution and the company’s strong positioning and capabilities  which I expect will enable attractive profit growth as market conditions improve.In the capital markets  the fourth quarter saw further increases in interest rates and positive development in equity markets. Due to the short duration of our fixed income portfolio  we were able to continue to rapidly increase our running yield. Over 2022  higher running yields have added roughly EUR 230 million to Sampo’s annual pre-tax earning power  with the largest contribution coming from If P&C  which has more than doubled its running yield to 3.2 per cent (1.5).In December  Sampo’s Board of Directors launched a strategic review of Mandatum to evaluate whether separating the entity from the Group could add shareholder value. As a pure P&C insurer  Sampo could deliver higher and more resilient returns on capital  while an independent Mandatum would enjoy greater strategic flexibility to invest in growth. On the other hand  Mandatum makes an attractive contribution to the Group’s cash flow that supports value creation over time. We expect to provide an update on the review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.Turning to capital management  Sampo remains committed to capital discipline with a EUR 2.60 per share dividend proposal for 2022 and a EUR 400 million share buyback programme  which management is to propose. Adjusting for these actions  the Group retains EUR 2 per share of excess capital above the needs of the insurance operations  most of which is tied into private equity investments held in Sampo plc.Torbjörn MagnussonGroup CEOOUTLOOKOutlook for 2023Sampo Group’s P&C insurance operations are expected to achieve underwriting margins that meet the annual targets set for 2021–2023. At Group level  Sampo targets a combined ratio of below 86 per cent  while the target for its largest subsidiary  If P&C  is below 85 per cent. Hastings targets an operating ratio of below 88 per cent.The combined and operating ratios of Sampo Group’s P&C insurance operations are subject to volatility driven by  among other factors  seasonal weather patterns  large claims and prior year development. These effects are particularly relevant for individual segments and business areas  such as the Danish and UK operations.The mark-to-market component of the net financial result will be significantly influenced by capital markets’ developments  particularly in life insurance.With regard to Topdanmark  reference is made to the profit forecast model that the company publishes on a quarterly basis.The major risks and uncertainties for the Group in the near-termIn its current day-to-day business activities Sampo Group is exposed to various risks and uncertainties  mainly through its major business units.Major risks affecting the Group companies’ profitability and its variation are market  credit  insurance and operational risks. At the Group level  sources of risks are the same  although they are not directly additive due to the effects of diversification.Uncertainties in the form of major unforeseen events may have an immediate impact on the Group’s profitability. The identification of unforeseen events is easier than the estimation of their probabilities  timing  and potential outcomes. During 2022 the global economy was hit by the war in Ukraine and at the same time  inflation pressures intensified and broadened forcing central banks to raise interest rates sharply. This may lead to both a further significant slowdown in economic growth and a deterioration in the debt service capacity of businesses  households and governments. Furthermore  the re-alignment of energy supplies in Europe takes time and the energy crisis could continue for several years. These developments are currently causing significant uncertainties in economic and capital market development. At the same time rapidly evolving hybrid threats create new challenges for states and businesses. There are also a number of widely identified macroeconomic  political and other sources of uncertainty which can  in various ways  affect the financial services industry in a negative manner.Other sources of uncertainty are unforeseen structural changes in the business environment and already identified trends and potential wide-impact events. These external drivers may have a long-term impact on how Sampo Group’s business will be conducted. Examples of identified trends are demographic changes  sustainability issues  and technological developments in areas such as artificial intelligence and digitalisation including threats posed by cybercrime.DIVIDEND PROPOSALDividendUnder Sampo Group’s capital management framework  Sampo will return ongoing surplus capital generation from its insurance operations through a regular dividend. Other forms of surplus capital generation  including possible proceeds from disposals of financial investments  are returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that the funds are not utilised to support business development. Sampo targets a Solvency II ratio of 170–190 per cent and financial leverage below 30 per cent.According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applied for distribution of 2022 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s net profit for the year (excluding extraordinary items). In 2022  accounting items related to the sale of Nordea shares  the sale of Topdanmark life insurance operations and the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment have been defined as extraordinary in accordance with Sampo’s dividend policy.The parent company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 6 716 million of which profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 1 780 million. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 2.60 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 22 May 2023. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share.As earnings per share excluding extraordinary items amounted to EUR 2.41 per share  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 108 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2022 year-end distributable funds amounted to EUR 5 378 million  Group Solvency II ratio to 210 per cent and financial leverage to 28.6 per cent.Dividend paymentThe dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 31 May 2023.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish kronor.Financial positionNo significant changes have taken place in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposed distributions do not jeopardise the company's ability to fulfil its obligations.Adjustment to Sampo Group’s dividend policyThe implementation of IFRS 17 and 9 on 1 January 2023 will bring asset and liability side mark-to-market effects into Sampo’s reported net income. As a result  the Sampo Board has decided to adjust the Group’s dividend policy  such that the minimum payout ratio of 70 per cent is measured against a newly defined operational result rather than net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary  as previously. The change is not expected to have any significant effect on the size and trajectory of dividends. The adjustment is effective to payouts made in respect of the 2023 and later financial years’.According to the updated dividend policy  Sampo is to pay a stable and sustainable regular dividend that grows in line with the Group’s earnings over time. Total annual dividends paid will be at least 70 per cent of Group’s operational result.The operational result is similar to net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary used under IFRS 4  with the main differences being that it excludes all result effects from discount rate changes as well as non-operational amortisation in Sampo’s P&C operations  and that Mandatum’s profit is replaced with the dividend stream that it provides to Sampo plc. The full definition of the operational result can be found at www.sampo.com/dividend .Sampo is committed to operating a strong and efficient balance sheet  as defined by the Group’s capital management framework. To enable this  regular dividends can be complemented with distributions of excess capital via share buybacks and/or extra dividends.OTHER DEVELOPMENTSStrategic review of MandatumOn 7 December 2022  Sampo plc announced that the Board of Directors had decided to undertake a strategic review of Mandatum in line with Sampo’s strategic focus on P&C insurance. The Board continues to review a number of different options  with the aim to evaluate whether a separation of Mandatum could create shareholder value.The Board of Directors of Sampo plc is content with the current Group structure as it offers diversification in terms of business exposures as well as capital and cash generation. Sampo expects to provide a further update on the strategic review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIODShare buyback programmeSampo’s share buyback programme of EUR 1 billion announced on 9 June 2022 continued after the end of the reporting period. The buyback programme was completed on 8 February 2023  when at market close  the company held  after cancellation of the own shares on 8 December 2022  in total 5.4 million Sampo A shares representing 1.05 per cent of the total number of shares in Sampo plc. Sampo had bought altogether 22.1 million A shares under the share buyback programme between 10 June 2022 and 8 February 2023  of which 16.7 million shares were cancelled on 8 December 2022. Further information on the buyback programme is available on www.sampo.com/sharebuyback .Proposal for the new Chair of the BoardSampo disclosed on 30 January 2023 that its Nomination and Remuneration Committee plans to propose previous Board member Antti Mäkinen as a new member of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc at the Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2023  and to nominate him as Chair of the Board of Directors. Björn Wahlroos  the current Chair of the Board of Directors  has previously notified that he is not available for re-election.Mäkinen has managerial experience of over 20 years in the financial services industry  including Nordea  eQ plc and SEB Enskilda Securities. He was previously CEO of Solidium  and he has been on the Board of Directors of e.g. Sampo and Metso Outotec and the Chair of Stora Enso. Mäkinen was born in 1961 and holds a diploma of Master of Laws from University of Helsinki.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Knut Arne Alsaker  Group CFO  tel. +358 10 516 0010Sami Taipalus  Head of Investor Relations  tel. +358 10 516 0030Maria Silander  Communications Manager  Media Relations  tel. +358 10 516 0031Conference callA conference call for investors and analysts will be arranged at 2 pm Finnish time (12 pm UK time). Please call tel. +1 786 697 3501  +44 33 0551 0200  +46 8 5052 0424  or +358 9 2319 5437.Conference passcode: Sampo.The conference call can also be followed live at www.sampo.com/result . A recorded version will later be available at the same address.In addition  the Investor Presentation is available at www.sampo.com/result .Sampo will publish the Interim Statement for January - March 2023 on 10 May 2023.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.1,0.5,True,English,"['Sampo Group', 'results', '2022', 'mid-single digit per cent underwriting profit growth', 'Mid-single digit UW profit growth', 'challenging UK motor insurance market', 'Group P&C gross written premiums', '7.2 per cent currency adjusted premium growth', 'new EUR 400 million buyback programme', 'SAMPO PLC FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE', 'Nordic new car sales', 'Group Solvency II coverage', 'Topdanmark life insurance business', 'Sampo Group financial targets', 'The Group combined ratio', 'P&C insurance', 'currency adjusted basis', 'Nordic P&C', 'solid top-line growth', 'adverse market environment', 'higher discount rates', 'interest rate environment', 'Live customer policies', 'largest business area', 'notable positive development', 'capital management actions', 'Other comprehensive income', 'strong underlying performance', 'strong underwriting development', 'Hastings Operating ratio', 'Change Change Earnings', 'Premium development', 'broad-based growth', 'Solvency ratio', 'year growth', 'group contribution', 'Target 2022 Group', '6 per cent', '82.1 per cent', '210 per cent', '13 per cent', '3.5 per cent', '3.2 per cent', '83.1 per cent', '15 per cent', 'Financial leverage', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'core business', 'business areas', 'Other developments', 'excellent performance', 'strong renewals', 'risk ratio', 'fixed income', 'English Finnish', 'COVID-19 effects', 'regular dividend', 'strategic review', 'first quarter', 'accounting effects', 'Loss ratio', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'strong results', '1.0 percentage points', 'high retention', 'disciplined pricing', '0.5 percentage points', 'significant changes', 'fourth quarter', 'resilient margins', 'claims inflation', 'extraordinary items', 'Key figures', 'comparison period', 'investment result', 'Year 2022 effects', '80.3 per', '44 Hastings', 'February', 'Board', 'share', 'addition', 'Mandatum', 'options', 'update', 'taxes', 'Holding', 'EPS', 'eo.', 'OCI', 'RoE', 'Q4', 'accordance', 'policy', 'report', 'average', 'information', 'section', 'benefits', 'Industrial', 'Baltics', 'Private', 'decline', 'yield', '35', '60', '85', '76']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18198,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Sampo-Group-s-results-for-2022-42949937/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Sampo Group's results for 2022,(marketscreener.com) SAMPO PLC                        FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE           10 February 2023 at 9:35 am Sampo Group’s results for 2022 • Group P&C gross...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAMPO-OYJ-42062213/news/Sampo-Group-s-results…,SAMPO PLC FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE 10 February 2023 at 9:35 amSampo Group’s results for 2022• Group P&C gross written premiums increased by 6 per cent year-on-year to EUR 8 136 million. The Group combined ratio was strong at 82.1 per cent (81.4).• Underwriting profit increased by 2 per cent to EUR 1 314 million (1 282). Excluding COVID-19 effects reported in 2021  underwriting profit grew 13 per cent.• The Board proposes a EUR 2.60 per share (4.10) dividend  including a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share (1.70). In addition  management is to propose a new EUR 400 million buyback programme.• The strategic review of Mandatum is ongoing  with all options still available. An update is expected to be provided by the end of the first quarter.• Group Solvency II coverage stood at 210 per cent (185)  after allowing for all the capital management actions outlined above. Financial leverage was 25.6 per cent (23.8).Key figuresEURm 2022 2021 Change  % 10–12/2022 10–12/2021 Change  % Profit before taxes 1 863 3 171 -41 390 1 197 -67 If 1 217 1 077 13 285 260 10 Topdanmark 220 346 -36 128 89 44 Hastings 73 127 -43 7 11 -34 Mandatum *) 207 291 -29 18 91 -80 Holding *) 146 1 331 -89 -48 746 - Profit for the period 1 541 2 748 -44 323 1 086 -70 Underwriting profit 1 314 1 282 2 304 297 2 Change Change Earnings per share  EUR 2.69 4.63 -1.94 0.50 1.89 -1.39 EPS (without eo. items)  EUR **) 2.41 2.86 -0.45 0.41 0.55 -0.14 EPS (including OCI)  EUR ***) -0.26 5.90 -6.16 0.71 2.22 -1.63 RoE (including OCI)  % -1.3 26.8 -28.1 - - -*) After Mandatum’s group contribution of EUR 29 million in Q4/2022 and EUR 15 million in Q4/2021 to Sampo plc.**) The accounting effects treated as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy amounted to EUR 138 million in 2022 and EUR 35 million in Q4/2022. In the comparison period  extraordinary items were EUR 982 million in 2021 and EUR 746 million in Q4/2021.***) OCI refers to Other comprehensive income.The figures in this report have not been audited.Sampo Group financial targets for 2021–2023Target 2022 Group Mid-single digit UW profit growth annually on average (excluding COVID-19 effects) 13% (2% on a reported basis) Group combined ratio: below 86% 82.1% Solvency ratio: 170-190% 210% Financial leverage: below 30% 25.6% If Combined ratio: below 85% 80.3% Hastings Operating ratio: below 88% 89.7% Loss ratio: below 76% 83.7%Year 2022 effects related to the COVID-19 pandemic have been very limited; hence  these will not be reported separately.For further information  please see section Other developments.FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR 2022Sampo Group’s core business  P&C insurance delivered strong results in 2022. Underwriting profit amounted to EUR 1 314 million (1 282)  representing year-on-year growth of 2 per cent or 13 per cent adjusted for COVID-19 effects reported in 2021. The Group combined ratio was solid at 82.1 per cent (81.4)  supported by excellent performance in Nordic P&C and benefits from higher discount rates. Excluding the reported COVID-19 effects in 2021  the combined ratio would have improved by 1.0 percentage points year-on-year. Gross written premiums increased by 6 per cent to EUR 8 136 million (7 644)  driven by strong renewals  high retention and disciplined pricing. Sampo targets mid-single digit per cent underwriting profit growth on average and a combined ratio below 86 per cent for 2021-2023.If P&C’s underwriting profit increased 11 per cent to EUR 985 million (891) and the combined ratio improved to 80.3 per cent (81.3). The result was driven by a 7.2 per cent currency adjusted premium growth and continued strong underlying performance. Premium development was supported by broad-based growth across all business areas  with Industrial and the Baltics seeing the most notable positive development. In the largest business area  Private  currency adjusted premium growth remained solid at 3.5 per cent despite a decline in Nordic new car sales. The adjusted risk ratio improved by approximately 0.5 percentage points year-on-year. In addition to the strong underwriting development  the significant changes in the interest rate environment during 2022 increased If’s fixed income running yield to 3.2 per cent (1.5). Profit before taxes increased to EUR 1 217 million (1 077).Topdanmark’s profit before taxes for 2022 in Sampo Group’s profit and loss account decreased to EUR 220 million (346)  as the investment result was affected by the adverse market environment. The sale of Topdanmark life insurance business in the fourth quarter of 2022 supported the result by EUR 72 million. The combined ratio stood at 83.1 per cent (82.3).Hastings reported solid top-line growth with resilient margins in a challenging UK motor insurance market  in which the claims inflation remained elevated throughout the year. Gross written premiums grew by 15 per cent on a currency adjusted basis in 2022  supported by high retention and disciplined pricing. Live customer policies increased 2 per cent year-on-year to over 3.2 million  driven by a 33 per cent growth in home insurance  while motor policy count was stable. Hastings’ operating ratio increased to 89.7 per cent (80.3). Profit before taxes amounted to EUR 73 million (127)  or EUR 131 million (168) excluding the non-operational depreciation and amortisation.The Mandatum segment’s profit before taxes for 2022 decreased to EUR 207 million (291)  reflecting lower realised gains and an increase in the group contribution to Sampo plc to EUR 29 million (15). Mandatum’s net flows in third-party assets remained positive in every quarter  but were outweighed by the decline in market values  leading to assets under management of EUR 10.3 billion at the end of 2022  down from EUR 11.1 billion at the year-end 2021. Mandatum Life’s Solvency II ratio increased to 248 per cent (190)  driven by higher interest rates and lower solvency capital requirement.The profit before taxes of EUR 1 863 million (3 171) for 2022 includes accounting effects of EUR 138 million (982) defined as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy. Of the total amount  EUR 103 million related to the sale of Nordea shares  EUR 72 million to the sale of Topdanmark Life and EUR -37 million to the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment. Excluding these items  the profit before taxes declined to EUR 1 725 million (2 189)  mainly as a result of Nordea no longer being consolidated as an associate. The total comprehensive income  which takes changes in the market values of assets into account  was affected by the adverse capital markets environment and amounted to EUR -26 million (3 448).Sampo Group’s year-end 2022 Solvency II ratio stood at 210 per cent  up from 185 per cent at the year-end 2021  but down from 256 per cent at the end of the third quarter. The decrease over the third quarter was primarily driven by the inclusion of the dividend proposal and the planned new buyback programme. Sampo targets a solvency ratio of 170–190 per cent.Sampo Group’s financial leverage was 25.6 per cent at the end of 2022  up from 23.8 per cent at the end of 2021  but slightly down from 25.9 per cent at the end of the third quarter. Sampo targets a financial leverage ratio below 30 per cent.Sampo plc’s Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 2.60 per share for the 2022 financial year to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 17 May 2023. This consists of a regular dividend (formerly known as the insurance dividend as introduced at the 2021 CMD) of EUR 1.80 per share (1.70)  representing growth of 6 per cent  and an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share. In addition to the dividend  management is to propose to the Board a new EUR 400 million buyback programme.The implementation of IFRS 17 and 9 on 1 January 2023 will bring asset and liability side mark-to-market effects into Sampo’s reported net income. As a result  the Sampo Board has decided to adjust the Group’s dividend policy  such that the payout ratio is measured against a newly defined operational result rather than net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary  as previously. The change is not expected to have any significant effect on the size and trajectory of dividends. The adjusted dividend policy is described in the section Dividend proposal.On 7 December 2022  Sampo plc announced that the Board of Directors had decided to undertake a strategic review of Mandatum in line with Sampo’s strategic focus on P&C insurance. The Board continues to review a number of different options  with the aim to evaluate whether a separation of Mandatum could create shareholder value. Sampo expects to provide a further update on the strategic review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.In 2022  Sampo repurchased its own shares through three buyback programmes. Of the latest buyback programme of EUR 1 billion  launched on 9 June 2022  EUR 845 million had been executed at year-end 2022. The programme was completed on 8 February 2023. In total  Sampo repurchased 32 million shares for a total of EUR 1.4 billion in 2022.FOURTH QUARTER 2022 IN BRIEFIn October-December 2022  Sampo Group reported profit before taxes of EUR 390 million (1 197). Excluding accounting effects treated as extraordinary items in accordance with Sampo Group’s dividend policy  profit before taxes amounted to EUR 355 million (452). Earnings per share amounted to EUR 0.50 (1.89)  or EUR 0.41 (0.55) excluding extraordinary items. Total comprehensive income  which takes changes in the market values of assets into account  amounted to EUR 448 million (1 269).Group underwriting profit increased to EUR 304 million (297). Excluding COVID-19 effects reported in the comparison period  underwriting profit grew by 12 per cent. The Group combined ratio amounted to 83.7 per cent (83.0).If P&C reported profit before taxes of EUR 285 million (260) and underwriting profit of EUR 229 million (210). The combined ratio was 81.7 per cent (82.9) and gross written premium growth 7.8 per cent on a currency adjusted basis. The adjusted risk ratio  which excludes the impact of large losses  severe weather  reported COVID-19 effects and prior year development  improved by 0.2 percentage points year-on-year.Topdanmark’s profit before taxes amounted to EUR 128 million (89) and combined ratio was 82.1 per cent (80.6).Hastings profit before taxes amounted to EUR 7 million (11). The operating ratio deteriorated to 94.0 per cent (87.9)  driven by increased claims frequency due to harsh weather conditions particularly in December. Gross written premiums increased by 31 per cent year-on-year on a currency adjusted basis. Live customer policy count remained stable  supported by continued strong growth in home insurance.The Mandatum segment’s profit before taxes amounted to EUR 18 million (91)  net of a profit contribution to Sampo plc of EUR 29 million (15). Excluding the profit contribution  profit before taxes stood at EUR 47 million (106). Mandatum’s third-party assets under management increased to EUR 10.3 billion from EUR 10.1 billion at the end of the third quarter  supported by strong net flows of EUR 213 million during the quarter.GROUP CEO’S COMMENTSampo’s fourth quarter was characterised by strong operational execution  robust financial results and further steps on our strategic agenda. As we conclude a successful year  I am delighted that we are announcing EUR 1.7 billion (EUR 3.40 per share) of planned capital returns to shareholders.Sampo’s P&C insurance operations delivered excellent fourth quarter underwriting results of EUR 304 million  representing 13 per cent year-on-year growth  after adjusting for COVID-19 effects in the prior year. Notably  this result was achieved despite adverse weather in the form of heavy snowfall and cold weather. As always  our focus has been on assisting affected customers through superior service  which is a cornerstone of our strategy and instrumental in securing high retention rates over the long term.The result was driven mainly by our Nordic P&C business  where If grew underwriting profit excluding COVID-19 effects by 23 per cent  supported by an excellent fourth quarter combined ratio of 81.7 per cent and currency adjusted premium growth of 7.8 per cent. Importantly  our Nordic customer retention has remained high as we continue to cover claims inflation of 4–5 per cent with rate increases. The strongest pricing momentum is observed in Industrial  but fourth quarter premium growth also benefited from a stabilisation of new cars sales  albeit at a relatively low level  including support from high electric vehicle sales.In the UK  market conditions remained challenging  but Hastings achieved premium growth of 15 per cent over 2022 as it implemented significant rate increases to cover claims inflation of 12 per cent. Adverse weather had a negative impact on Hastings’ operating ratio  pushing this to 89.7 per cent for 2022 as a whole. Although above our annual 88 per cent target  Hastings has delivered a relatively resilient result in what has been a challenging year for the UK motor market. I believe this reflects skilful operational execution and the company’s strong positioning and capabilities  which I expect will enable attractive profit growth as market conditions improve.In the capital markets  the fourth quarter saw further increases in interest rates and positive development in equity markets. Due to the short duration of our fixed income portfolio  we were able to continue to rapidly increase our running yield. Over 2022  higher running yields have added roughly EUR 230 million to Sampo’s annual pre-tax earning power  with the largest contribution coming from If P&C  which has more than doubled its running yield to 3.2 per cent (1.5).In December  Sampo’s Board of Directors launched a strategic review of Mandatum to evaluate whether separating the entity from the Group could add shareholder value. As a pure P&C insurer  Sampo could deliver higher and more resilient returns on capital  while an independent Mandatum would enjoy greater strategic flexibility to invest in growth. On the other hand  Mandatum makes an attractive contribution to the Group’s cash flow that supports value creation over time. We expect to provide an update on the review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.Turning to capital management  Sampo remains committed to capital discipline with a EUR 2.60 per share dividend proposal for 2022 and a EUR 400 million share buyback programme  which management is to propose. Adjusting for these actions  the Group retains EUR 2 per share of excess capital above the needs of the insurance operations  most of which is tied into private equity investments held in Sampo plc.Torbjörn MagnussonGroup CEOOUTLOOKOutlook for 2023Sampo Group’s P&C insurance operations are expected to achieve underwriting margins that meet the annual targets set for 2021–2023. At Group level  Sampo targets a combined ratio of below 86 per cent  while the target for its largest subsidiary  If P&C  is below 85 per cent. Hastings targets an operating ratio of below 88 per cent.The combined and operating ratios of Sampo Group’s P&C insurance operations are subject to volatility driven by  among other factors  seasonal weather patterns  large claims and prior year development. These effects are particularly relevant for individual segments and business areas  such as the Danish and UK operations.The mark-to-market component of the net financial result will be significantly influenced by capital markets’ developments  particularly in life insurance.With regard to Topdanmark  reference is made to the profit forecast model that the company publishes on a quarterly basis.The major risks and uncertainties for the Group in the near-termIn its current day-to-day business activities Sampo Group is exposed to various risks and uncertainties  mainly through its major business units.Major risks affecting the Group companies’ profitability and its variation are market  credit  insurance and operational risks. At the Group level  sources of risks are the same  although they are not directly additive due to the effects of diversification.Uncertainties in the form of major unforeseen events may have an immediate impact on the Group’s profitability. The identification of unforeseen events is easier than the estimation of their probabilities  timing  and potential outcomes. During 2022 the global economy was hit by the war in Ukraine and at the same time  inflation pressures intensified and broadened forcing central banks to raise interest rates sharply. This may lead to both a further significant slowdown in economic growth and a deterioration in the debt service capacity of businesses  households and governments. Furthermore  the re-alignment of energy supplies in Europe takes time and the energy crisis could continue for several years. These developments are currently causing significant uncertainties in economic and capital market development. At the same time rapidly evolving hybrid threats create new challenges for states and businesses. There are also a number of widely identified macroeconomic  political and other sources of uncertainty which can  in various ways  affect the financial services industry in a negative manner.Other sources of uncertainty are unforeseen structural changes in the business environment and already identified trends and potential wide-impact events. These external drivers may have a long-term impact on how Sampo Group’s business will be conducted. Examples of identified trends are demographic changes  sustainability issues  and technological developments in areas such as artificial intelligence and digitalisation including threats posed by cybercrime.DIVIDEND PROPOSALDividendUnder Sampo Group’s capital management framework  Sampo will return ongoing surplus capital generation from its insurance operations through a regular dividend. Other forms of surplus capital generation  including possible proceeds from disposals of financial investments  are returned through additional dividends and/or buybacks  to the extent that the funds are not utilised to support business development. Sampo targets a Solvency II ratio of 170–190 per cent and financial leverage below 30 per cent.According to Sampo plc’s Dividend Policy applied for distribution of 2022 earnings  total annual dividends paid shall represent at least 70 per cent of Sampo Group’s net profit for the year (excluding extraordinary items). In 2022  accounting items related to the sale of Nordea shares  the sale of Topdanmark life insurance operations and the reclassification of Nordax from an associated company to fair value investment have been defined as extraordinary in accordance with Sampo’s dividend policy.The parent company’s distributable capital and reserves totalled EUR 6 716 million of which profit for the financial year 2022 was EUR 1 780 million. Based on the policies outlined above  the Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 2.60 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 22 May 2023. The total dividend includes a regular dividend of EUR 1.80 per share as well as an extra dividend of EUR 0.80 per share.As earnings per share excluding extraordinary items amounted to EUR 2.41 per share  the payout ratio for the total dividend equates to 108 per cent. The remainder of the distributable funds are left in the company’s equity capital. After adjusting for the proposed dividend  Sampo Group’s 2022 year-end distributable funds amounted to EUR 5 378 million  Group Solvency II ratio to 210 per cent and financial leverage to 28.6 per cent.Dividend paymentThe dividend is proposed to be paid to the shareholders registered in the register of shareholders held by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 22 May 2023. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 31 May 2023.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 22 May 2023  which payment shall be made in Swedish kronor.Financial positionNo significant changes have taken place in the company's financial position since the end of the financial year. The company's liquidity position is good and in the view of the Board  the proposed distributions do not jeopardise the company's ability to fulfil its obligations.Adjustment to Sampo Group’s dividend policyThe implementation of IFRS 17 and 9 on 1 January 2023 will bring asset and liability side mark-to-market effects into Sampo’s reported net income. As a result  the Sampo Board has decided to adjust the Group’s dividend policy  such that the minimum payout ratio of 70 per cent is measured against a newly defined operational result rather than net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary  as previously. The change is not expected to have any significant effect on the size and trajectory of dividends. The adjustment is effective to payouts made in respect of the 2023 and later financial years’.According to the updated dividend policy  Sampo is to pay a stable and sustainable regular dividend that grows in line with the Group’s earnings over time. Total annual dividends paid will be at least 70 per cent of Group’s operational result.The operational result is similar to net profit excluding items defined as extraordinary used under IFRS 4  with the main differences being that it excludes all result effects from discount rate changes as well as non-operational amortisation in Sampo’s P&C operations  and that Mandatum’s profit is replaced with the dividend stream that it provides to Sampo plc. The full definition of the operational result can be found at www.sampo.com/dividend .Sampo is committed to operating a strong and efficient balance sheet  as defined by the Group’s capital management framework. To enable this  regular dividends can be complemented with distributions of excess capital via share buybacks and/or extra dividends.OTHER DEVELOPMENTSStrategic review of MandatumOn 7 December 2022  Sampo plc announced that the Board of Directors had decided to undertake a strategic review of Mandatum in line with Sampo’s strategic focus on P&C insurance. The Board continues to review a number of different options  with the aim to evaluate whether a separation of Mandatum could create shareholder value.The Board of Directors of Sampo plc is content with the current Group structure as it offers diversification in terms of business exposures as well as capital and cash generation. Sampo expects to provide a further update on the strategic review by the end of the first quarter of 2023.EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIODShare buyback programmeSampo’s share buyback programme of EUR 1 billion announced on 9 June 2022 continued after the end of the reporting period. The buyback programme was completed on 8 February 2023  when at market close  the company held  after cancellation of the own shares on 8 December 2022  in total 5.4 million Sampo A shares representing 1.05 per cent of the total number of shares in Sampo plc. Sampo had bought altogether 22.1 million A shares under the share buyback programme between 10 June 2022 and 8 February 2023  of which 16.7 million shares were cancelled on 8 December 2022. Further information on the buyback programme is available on www.sampo.com/sharebuyback .Proposal for the new Chair of the BoardSampo disclosed on 30 January 2023 that its Nomination and Remuneration Committee plans to propose previous Board member Antti Mäkinen as a new member of the Board of Directors of Sampo plc at the Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2023  and to nominate him as Chair of the Board of Directors. Björn Wahlroos  the current Chair of the Board of Directors  has previously notified that he is not available for re-election.Mäkinen has managerial experience of over 20 years in the financial services industry  including Nordea  eQ plc and SEB Enskilda Securities. He was previously CEO of Solidium  and he has been on the Board of Directors of e.g. Sampo and Metso Outotec and the Chair of Stora Enso. Mäkinen was born in 1961 and holds a diploma of Master of Laws from University of Helsinki.SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Knut Arne Alsaker  Group CFO  tel. +358 10 516 0010Sami Taipalus  Head of Investor Relations  tel. +358 10 516 0030Maria Silander  Communications Manager  Media Relations  tel. +358 10 516 0031Conference callA conference call for investors and analysts will be arranged at 2 pm Finnish time (12 pm UK time). Please call tel. +1 786 697 3501  +44 33 0551 0200  +46 8 5052 0424  or +358 9 2319 5437.Conference passcode: Sampo.The conference call can also be followed live at www.sampo.com/result . A recorded version will later be available at the same address.In addition  the Investor Presentation is available at www.sampo.com/result .Sampo will publish the Interim Statement for January - March 2023 on 10 May 2023.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmLondon Stock ExchangeThe principal mediaFIN-FSAwww.sampo.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.07,0.37,True,English,"['Sampo Group', 'results', '2022', 'mid-single digit per cent underwriting profit growth', 'Mid-single digit UW profit growth', 'challenging UK motor insurance market', 'Group P&C gross written premiums', '7.2 per cent currency adjusted premium growth', 'new EUR 400 million buyback programme', 'SAMPO PLC FINANCIAL STATEMENT RELEASE', 'Nordic new car sales', 'Group Solvency II coverage', 'Topdanmark life insurance business', 'Sampo Group financial targets', 'The Group combined ratio', 'P&C insurance', 'currency adjusted basis', 'Nordic P&C', 'solid top-line growth', 'adverse market environment', 'higher discount rates', 'interest rate environment', 'Live customer policies', 'largest business area', 'notable positive development', 'strong underwriting development', 'capital management actions', 'Other comprehensive income', 'strong underlying performance', 'Hastings Operating ratio', 'Change Change Earnings', 'Premium development', 'broad-based growth', 'Solvency ratio', 'year growth', 'The Board', 'group contribution', 'Target 2022 Group', '6 per cent', '82.1 per cent', '210 per cent', '13 per cent', '80.3 per cent', '3.5 per cent', '3.2 per cent', '83.1 per cent', '15 per cent', 'Financial leverage', 'FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS', 'core business', 'business areas', 'Other developments', 'excellent performance', 'strong renewals', 'risk ratio', 'fixed income', 'COVID-19 effects', 'regular dividend', 'strategic review', 'first quarter', 'eo. items', 'accounting effects', 'extraordinary items', 'Loss ratio', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'strong results', '1.0 percentage points', 'high retention', 'disciplined pricing', '0.5 percentage points', 'significant changes', 'fourth quarter', 'resilient margins', 'claims inflation', 'Key figures', 'comparison period', 'investment result', 'Year 2022 effects', '44 Hastings', 'February', 'share', 'addition', 'Mandatum', 'options', 'update', 'taxes', 'Holding', 'EPS', 'OCI', 'RoE', 'Q4', 'accordance', 'policy', 'report', 'average', 'information', 'section', 'benefits', 'Industrial', 'Baltics', 'Private', 'decline', '35', '60', '85', '76', '33']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18199,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605650/0/en/Sanoma-Corporation-Full-Year-2022-Result-Net-sales-continued-to-grow-and-operational-EBIT-was-affected-by-inflation.html,Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and operational EBIT was affected by inflation,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:30 EET  Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and......,English FinnishSanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:30 EETSanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and operational EBIT was affected by inflationThis release is a summary of Sanoma’s Full-Year 2022 Result. The complete report is attached to this release and is also available at www.sanoma.com/en/investors .Q4 2022The Group’s net sales grew to EUR 260 million (2021: 252). The positive impact of the acquisition of Pearson Italy and Germany was partially offset by lower advertising sales. The Group’s comparable growth was ‑3% (2021: 6%).Operational EBIT excl. PPA was seasonally negative and amounted to EUR -2 million (2021: -5).EBIT was EUR -21 million (2021: -19). Items affecting comparability (IACs) increased to EUR -8 million (2021: -5) and were mainly related to recent acquisitions in Learning. Purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs) grew to EUR 11 million (2021: 8) as a result of the acquisition of the Italian and German business.Operational EPS was EUR -0.07 (2021: -0.06).EPS was EUR -0.13 (2021: -0.09).On 16 December 2022  Sanoma received a payment decision regarding tax audits for 2019−2021 concerning the VAT treatment of magazine distribution in Media Finland  from which it will appeal. Based on the decision received  Sanoma paid EUR 11 million of VAT  penalties and interests at year end 2022 in order to avoid further interest accumulation. For dividend calculation purposes  the Group’s free cash flow will be adjusted for the prepayment.On 7 November 2022  Sanoma signed a EUR 300 million syndicated revolving credit facility replacing its earlier facility of the same size  and syndicated its EUR 250 million 4-year term loan used for the acquisition of Pearson Italy and Germany with a group of ten relationship banks.On 26 October  the Board of Directors decided the record date and payment date of the second dividend instalment of EUR 0.27 per share. The dividend record date was 28 October and the payment date 4 November.On 4 October  Sanoma divested Eduarte  a Dutch student administration system provider for vocational education  in line with the strategy to harmonise its digital offering across the learning business.FY 2022The Group’s net sales grew to EUR 1 298 million (2021: 1 252) mainly driven by the acquisition of the Italian and German learning business from Pearson. The Group’s comparable net sales growth was 1% (2021: 7%).Operational EBIT excl. PPA declined to EUR 189 million (2021: 197)  corresponding to a margin of 14.6% (2021: 15.8%). Earnings were stable in Learning and declined in Media Finland mainly due to lower advertising sales and higher paper costs.EBIT was EUR 112 million (2021: 142). IACs increased to EUR -38 million (2021: -16) mainly due to transaction and integration costs of recent acquisitions as well as impairments in Learning. PPAs were EUR 39 million (2021: 39).Operational EPS was EUR 0.65 (2021: 0.69).EPS was EUR 0.47 (2021: 0.62).Free cash flow declined to EUR 112 million (2021: 140) mainly due to lower earnings  as well as higher working capital  investments and taxes. It includes a significant positive contribution from the working capital of the acquired Italian and German businesses due to the timing of the acquisition.Net debt/Adj. EBITDA increased to 3.2 (2021: 2.4) mainly as a result of the acquisition in Italy and Germany.On 31 August  Sanoma completed the acquisition of Pearson’s local K12 learning content business in Italy and its small exam preparation business in Germany.On 7 June  Sanoma announced its strategic growth ambition to increase the Group’s net sales to over EUR 2 billion by 2030  with at least 75% coming from the learning business.The Board proposes a dividend of 0.37 € per share (2021: 0.54)  corresponding to 93% of the underlying free cash flow. The dividend will be paid in three instalments  EUR 0.13 on 28 April  EUR 0.13 in September and EUR 0.11 in November.Outlook for 2023In 2023  Sanoma expects that the Group’s reported net sales will be EUR 1.35‒1.4 billion (2022: 1.3). The Group’s operational EBIT excl. PPA is expected to be EUR 150−180 million (2022: 189).Regarding the operating environment  Sanoma expects that:The economies in the Group’s operating countries  particularly in Finland  will experience a mild recession.The advertising market in Finland will decline slightly  with most of the decline during the first half of the year.President and CEO Susan Duinhoven:”In light of the significant changes in the world around us  2022 was another solid year of transformation for Sanoma –although being very different from what we expected twelve months ago  just coming out of the coronavirus pandemic. In Learning  one of the highlights in 2022 was the acquisition of two established learning businesses in Italy and Germany from Pearson. We were happy to welcome these strong teams to Sanoma at the end of August. The acquired businesses fit well in our learning portfolio and strategy  and the acquisition had already a modest positive contribution to our net sales growth and operational EBIT  and due to the timing of the acquisition also a significant one to the free cash flow. The integration has started according to our plans and playbook and we expect the separation from Pearson and integration into Sanoma to be a sizable project over the next 18−24 months.Net sales of Learning grew by 7% driven by the acquired Italian and German businesses. Organic growth was good across our operating countries except – in line with our expectations – in Poland  where the latest curriculum renewal ended in 2021. In Spain  the implementation of the major educational reform and curriculum renewal  LOMLOE  started a bit more fragmented than we had anticipated. However  it created solid growth in the demand for learning content in 2022  which is expected to continue also in 2023 extending most likely even into 2024. The inflationary cost increases impacted the earnings in Learning  as we typically can set our prices only once a year. Now for 2023  we have been able to adapt the prices for our products and services and we expect that it will take 1−2 years to fully mitigate the cost increases in most of our markets. Especially the higher personnel costs that in most of our businesses will impact us only from 2023 onwards  will take some time to mitigate. Despite the inflationary cost increases  the operational earnings remained stable in most of our businesses. The main exception was the Dutch distribution business that suffered during the summer period from labour shortage and related sharp increase in hiring costs  delays due to supply chain issues with our main supplier and the general inflationary cost pressures.In Media Finland  net sales were stable  while operational earnings declined driven by lower advertising sales and significantly higher paper costs. The active cost containment by the teams across fixed cost categories was not able to fully offset the adverse inflationary impact on Media Finland’s operational earnings. One of the highlights of the year was the clear growth in the number of visits to all our digital news platforms  especially Ilta-Sanomat  as well as solid growth in the digitally active subscription base of both Helsingin Sanomat and the regional news media titles. Subscription sales were stable  while the total number of subscribers declined slightly towards the end of the year reflecting the weakening consumer confidence in Finland. During the second half of the year  advertising sales declined year-on-year compared to the strong demand in 2021 that was driven by the recovery from the coronavirus pandemic.Sustainability is at the core of both our learning and media business. During the year  we continued our actions towards our targets by focusing on improving diversity  equality and inclusion across Sanoma and sending our climate targets for validation to the Science-Based Targets initiative. Our progressive and holistic approach to sustainability was reflected in continued improvement in key ESG ratings and inclusion into the Nasdaq OMX Sustainability Finland Index. We were delighted to also see that our Employee Experience Index remained stable at the good level of 7.3  even in a year that put quite some challenges and hardship for our teams  and we continued to exceed the European benchmark that was 7.1.Compared to last year  our free cash flow declined significantly. The main reasons for this were higher investments in digital development in Learning  adaptation of our offices to the hybrid way of working as well as lower EBITDA and costs related to the recent acquisition in Learning. This was mostly compensated by the working capital that came with the acquired businesses due to the timing of the acquisition. Without a similar benefit from the Italian and German acquisition as seen in 2022  we expect the Group’s 2023 free cash flow to temporarily decline  being impacted by the lower earnings expected in our Finnish media business  continued investments in our digital platforms and integration of the recently acquired businesses together with significantly higher financial expenses.The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.37 (2021: 0.54)  corresponding to a yield of 3.8% on the end of 2022 share price and 93% of the underlying free cash flow. This proposal balances the capital use between the dividend and our continuing investments in growing the business further.We expect the challenging operating environment to continue  leading to a mild recession in most of our operating countries. This will be impacting our performance in 2023  and thus our Outlook for 2023 shows growth in net sales with slightly lower operational EBIT. In 2023  we will focus on further building the long-term strengths of our businesses around learning content  harmonisation of digital learning platforms and leading offering in digital news and entertainment  and thus coming out of the recession even stronger than we went in. At the same time  we will intensify our thoughtful cost management and highly selective approach to growth investments. We remain fully committed to our growth strategy as well as our long-term financial targets. We are aiming for the Group net sales to be above EUR 2 billion  with at least 75% coming from the learning business  which we aim to achieve through organic growth and further acquisitions within K12 learning services. Also in the shorter term  we continue to be interested in value creating acquisitions in K12 learning content  especially in-market acquisitions  even though our main focus this year will be on integrations and gaining the scale benefits that our European portfolio can offer.I would like to extend my great thanks to all Sanoma employees for their excellent work  tenacity and strong commitment to supporting our customers in these more challenging times. Thanks to our teams  we were able to continue our growth  operational development and solid financial performance throughout the year 2022. I also want to thank our customers and shareholders for their continued support and interest in selecting Sanoma as their partner and investment respectively. Together we will continue on our strategic path with an aim to grow and further strengthen our positions and improve our performance in the years ahead.’’Key indicators for continuing operationsEUR million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Net sales 259.5 252.4 3% 1 298.3 1 251.6 4% Operational EBITDA 1) 45.3 42.1 7% 355.4 361.0 -2% Margin 1) 17.4% 16.7% 27.4% 28.8% Operational EBIT excl. PPA 2) -2.3 -5.2 56% 189.3 197.2 -4% Margin 2) -0.9% -2.1% 14.6% 15.8% EBIT -20.8 -18.5 -13% 112.0 142.4 -21% Result for the period -21.1 -13.9 -52% 77.0 101.4 -24% Operational EPS  EUR 1) -0.07 -0.06 -12% 0.65 0.69 -6% EPS  EUR -0.13 -0.09 -48% 0.47 0.62 -24% Average number of employees (FTE) 5 018 4 885 3% Number of employees at the end ofthe period (FTE) 5 079 4 822 5%Key indicators incl. continuing and discontinued operations 3)EUR million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Result for the period -21.1 -14.0 -50% 77.0 101.2 -24% Free cash flow 64.2 55.2 16% 111.7 139.7 -20% Equity ratio 4) 35.8% 40.6% Net debt 823.4 616.4 34% Net debt / Adj. EBITDA 3.2 2.4 35% Operational EPS  EUR 1) -0.07 -0.07 -10% 0.65 0.69 -6% EPS  EUR -0.13 -0.09 -47% 0.47 0.61 -24% Free cash flow per share  EUR 0.39 0.34 16% 0.68 0.86 -20% Dividend per share  EUR 0.375) 0.541) Excluding IACs2) Excluding IACs and purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs)3) In 2021  discontinued operations included certain Learning operations that were under strategic review. More information on discontinued operations’ financial performance is available on p. 38.4) Advances received included in the formula of equity ratio were EUR 142.0 million in FY 2022 (2021: 155.2).5) 2022 is a proposal of the Board of Directors to the AGM.Dividend proposalOn 31 December 2022  Sanoma Corporation’s distributable funds were EUR 456 million  of which profit for the year made up EUR 123 million. Including the fund for non-restricted equity of EUR 210 million  the distributable funds amounted to EUR 665 million. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that:A dividend of EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid for the year 2022. The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date for this instalment is 28 April 2023. Record date for the second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in September  and the estimated payment date will be in September 2023. Record date for the third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in October  and the estimated payment date will be in November 2023.The amount left in equity shall be EUR 605 million.According to its dividend policy  Sanoma aims to pay an increasing dividend  equal to 40–60% of the annual free cash flow. When proposing a dividend to the AGM  the Board of Directors looks at the general macro-economic environment  Sanoma’s current and target capital structure  Sanoma’s future business plans and investment needs  as well as both previous year’s cash flows and expected future cash flows affecting capital structure.Analyst and investor conferenceAn analyst and investor conference will be held in English by the President and CEO Susan Duinhoven and CFO Alex Green at 11:00 EET at Sanomatalo  Flik Studio Eliel  1st floor  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki.The conference can be followed as a live webcast at https://sanoma.videosync.fi/q4-2022-result .Management presentation is followed by a Q&A session. Questions can be placed through the webcast chat function or by phone. To ask questions by phone  the participant is required to register at https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=10010424 . After the registration you will receive the phone number and conference ID to access the conference. If you wish to ask a question  please press *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the queue.An on-demand replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conference at www.sanoma.com/en/investors .Interview opportunities for media by Teams or by phone are available after the conference. Media representatives are asked to book interviews via Communications Director Marcus Wiklund  marcus.wiklund@sanoma.com .Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2022  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 14.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.4,0.08,0.52,True,English,"['Sanoma Corporation', 'Net sales', 'operational EBIT', 'Full-Year', 'inflation', 'EUR 300 million syndicated revolving credit facility', 'Dutch student administration system provider', 'EUR 250 million 4-year term loan', 'local K12 learning content business', 'Purchase price allocation adjustments', 'small exam preparation business', 'underlying free cash flow', 'two established learning businesses', 'comparable net sales growth', 'ten relationship banks', 'second dividend instalment', 'strategic growth ambition', 'CEO Susan Duinhoven', 'higher paper costs', 'Net debt/Adj. EBITDA', 'higher working capital', 'significant positive contribution', 'lower advertising sales', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'German learning business', 'comparable growth', 'earlier facility', 'German business', 'advertising market', 'positive impact', 'integration costs', 'significant changes', 'learning portfolio', 'lower earnings', 'English Finnish', 'complete report', 'recent acquisitions', 'tax audits', 'magazine distribution', 'interest accumulation', 'calculation purposes', 'same size', 'record date', 'payment date', 'vocational education', 'digital offering', 'three instalments', 'operating environment', 'operating countries', 'mild recession', 'first half', 'coronavirus pandemic', 'strong teams', 'operational EBIT', 'The Group', 'Operational EPS', 'payment decision', 'VAT treatment', 'The Board', 'solid year', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Full-Year 2022 Result', 'Pearson Italy', 'Media Finland', '10 February', '8:30 EET', 'inflation', 'summary', 'investors', 'Germany', 'PPA', 'Items', 'comparability', 'IACs', 'amortisations', 'Italian', '16 December', 'penalties', 'interests', 'order', 'prepayment', '7 November', '26 October', 'Directors', 'share', '28 October', '4 October', 'Eduarte', 'line', 'strategy', 'FY', 'margin', 'transaction', 'impairments', 'investments', 'taxes', 'timing', '31 August', '7 June', '28 April', 'September', 'Outlook', 'economies', 'President', 'light', 'world', 'transformation', 'modest', '2019', '0.37', '2023']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18200,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOMA-OYJ-1412549/news/Sanoma-Corporation-Full-Year-2022-Result-Net-sales-continued-to-grow-and-operational-EBIT-was-affe-42949398/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and operational EBIT was affected by inflation,(marketscreener.com) Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:30 EET Sanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and operational EBIT was affected by inflation This release is a summary of Sanoma’s Full-Year…,Sanoma Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  10 February 2023 at 8:30 EETSanoma Corporation  Full-Year 2022 Result: Net sales continued to grow and operational EBIT was affected by inflationThis release is a summary of Sanoma’s Full-Year 2022 Result. The complete report is attached to this release and is also available at www.sanoma.com/en/investors .Q4 2022The Group’s net sales grew to EUR 260 million (2021: 252). The positive impact of the acquisition of Pearson Italy and Germany was partially offset by lower advertising sales. The Group’s comparable growth was ‑3% (2021: 6%).Operational EBIT excl. PPA was seasonally negative and amounted to EUR -2 million (2021: -5).EBIT was EUR -21 million (2021: -19). Items affecting comparability (IACs) increased to EUR -8 million (2021: -5) and were mainly related to recent acquisitions in Learning. Purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs) grew to EUR 11 million (2021: 8) as a result of the acquisition of the Italian and German business.Operational EPS was EUR -0.07 (2021: -0.06).EPS was EUR -0.13 (2021: -0.09).On 16 December 2022  Sanoma received a payment decision regarding tax audits for 2019−2021 concerning the VAT treatment of magazine distribution in Media Finland  from which it will appeal. Based on the decision received  Sanoma paid EUR 11 million of VAT  penalties and interests at year end 2022 in order to avoid further interest accumulation. For dividend calculation purposes  the Group’s free cash flow will be adjusted for the prepayment.On 7 November 2022  Sanoma signed a EUR 300 million syndicated revolving credit facility replacing its earlier facility of the same size  and syndicated its EUR 250 million 4-year term loan used for the acquisition of Pearson Italy and Germany with a group of ten relationship banks.On 26 October  the Board of Directors decided the record date and payment date of the second dividend instalment of EUR 0.27 per share. The dividend record date was 28 October and the payment date 4 November.On 4 October  Sanoma divested Eduarte  a Dutch student administration system provider for vocational education  in line with the strategy to harmonise its digital offering across the learning business.FY 2022The Group’s net sales grew to EUR 1 298 million (2021: 1 252) mainly driven by the acquisition of the Italian and German learning business from Pearson. The Group’s comparable net sales growth was 1% (2021: 7%).Operational EBIT excl. PPA declined to EUR 189 million (2021: 197)  corresponding to a margin of 14.6% (2021: 15.8%). Earnings were stable in Learning and declined in Media Finland mainly due to lower advertising sales and higher paper costs.EBIT was EUR 112 million (2021: 142). IACs increased to EUR -38 million (2021: -16) mainly due to transaction and integration costs of recent acquisitions as well as impairments in Learning. PPAs were EUR 39 million (2021: 39).Operational EPS was EUR 0.65 (2021: 0.69).EPS was EUR 0.47 (2021: 0.62).Free cash flow declined to EUR 112 million (2021: 140) mainly due to lower earnings  as well as higher working capital  investments and taxes. It includes a significant positive contribution from the working capital of the acquired Italian and German businesses due to the timing of the acquisition.Net debt/Adj. EBITDA increased to 3.2 (2021: 2.4) mainly as a result of the acquisition in Italy and Germany.On 31 August  Sanoma completed the acquisition of Pearson’s local K12 learning content business in Italy and its small exam preparation business in Germany.On 7 June  Sanoma announced its strategic growth ambition to increase the Group’s net sales to over EUR 2 billion by 2030  with at least 75% coming from the learning business.The Board proposes a dividend of 0.37 € per share (2021: 0.54)  corresponding to 93% of the underlying free cash flow. The dividend will be paid in three instalments  EUR 0.13 on 28 April  EUR 0.13 in September and EUR 0.11 in November.Outlook for 2023In 2023  Sanoma expects that the Group’s reported net sales will be EUR 1.35‒1.4 billion (2022: 1.3). The Group’s operational EBIT excl. PPA is expected to be EUR 150−180 million (2022: 189).Regarding the operating environment  Sanoma expects that:The economies in the Group’s operating countries  particularly in Finland  will experience a mild recession.The advertising market in Finland will decline slightly  with most of the decline during the first half of the year.President and CEO Susan Duinhoven:”In light of the significant changes in the world around us  2022 was another solid year of transformation for Sanoma –although being very different from what we expected twelve months ago  just coming out of the coronavirus pandemic. In Learning  one of the highlights in 2022 was the acquisition of two established learning businesses in Italy and Germany from Pearson. We were happy to welcome these strong teams to Sanoma at the end of August. The acquired businesses fit well in our learning portfolio and strategy  and the acquisition had already a modest positive contribution to our net sales growth and operational EBIT  and due to the timing of the acquisition also a significant one to the free cash flow. The integration has started according to our plans and playbook and we expect the separation from Pearson and integration into Sanoma to be a sizable project over the next 18−24 months.Net sales of Learning grew by 7% driven by the acquired Italian and German businesses. Organic growth was good across our operating countries except – in line with our expectations – in Poland  where the latest curriculum renewal ended in 2021. In Spain  the implementation of the major educational reform and curriculum renewal  LOMLOE  started a bit more fragmented than we had anticipated. However  it created solid growth in the demand for learning content in 2022  which is expected to continue also in 2023 extending most likely even into 2024. The inflationary cost increases impacted the earnings in Learning  as we typically can set our prices only once a year. Now for 2023  we have been able to adapt the prices for our products and services and we expect that it will take 1−2 years to fully mitigate the cost increases in most of our markets. Especially the higher personnel costs that in most of our businesses will impact us only from 2023 onwards  will take some time to mitigate. Despite the inflationary cost increases  the operational earnings remained stable in most of our businesses. The main exception was the Dutch distribution business that suffered during the summer period from labour shortage and related sharp increase in hiring costs  delays due to supply chain issues with our main supplier and the general inflationary cost pressures.In Media Finland  net sales were stable  while operational earnings declined driven by lower advertising sales and significantly higher paper costs. The active cost containment by the teams across fixed cost categories was not able to fully offset the adverse inflationary impact on Media Finland’s operational earnings. One of the highlights of the year was the clear growth in the number of visits to all our digital news platforms  especially Ilta-Sanomat  as well as solid growth in the digitally active subscription base of both Helsingin Sanomat and the regional news media titles. Subscription sales were stable  while the total number of subscribers declined slightly towards the end of the year reflecting the weakening consumer confidence in Finland. During the second half of the year  advertising sales declined year-on-year compared to the strong demand in 2021 that was driven by the recovery from the coronavirus pandemic.Sustainability is at the core of both our learning and media business. During the year  we continued our actions towards our targets by focusing on improving diversity  equality and inclusion across Sanoma and sending our climate targets for validation to the Science-Based Targets initiative. Our progressive and holistic approach to sustainability was reflected in continued improvement in key ESG ratings and inclusion into the Nasdaq OMX Sustainability Finland Index. We were delighted to also see that our Employee Experience Index remained stable at the good level of 7.3  even in a year that put quite some challenges and hardship for our teams  and we continued to exceed the European benchmark that was 7.1.Compared to last year  our free cash flow declined significantly. The main reasons for this were higher investments in digital development in Learning  adaptation of our offices to the hybrid way of working as well as lower EBITDA and costs related to the recent acquisition in Learning. This was mostly compensated by the working capital that came with the acquired businesses due to the timing of the acquisition. Without a similar benefit from the Italian and German acquisition as seen in 2022  we expect the Group’s 2023 free cash flow to temporarily decline  being impacted by the lower earnings expected in our Finnish media business  continued investments in our digital platforms and integration of the recently acquired businesses together with significantly higher financial expenses.The Board proposes a dividend of EUR 0.37 (2021: 0.54)  corresponding to a yield of 3.8% on the end of 2022 share price and 93% of the underlying free cash flow. This proposal balances the capital use between the dividend and our continuing investments in growing the business further.We expect the challenging operating environment to continue  leading to a mild recession in most of our operating countries. This will be impacting our performance in 2023  and thus our Outlook for 2023 shows growth in net sales with slightly lower operational EBIT. In 2023  we will focus on further building the long-term strengths of our businesses around learning content  harmonisation of digital learning platforms and leading offering in digital news and entertainment  and thus coming out of the recession even stronger than we went in. At the same time  we will intensify our thoughtful cost management and highly selective approach to growth investments. We remain fully committed to our growth strategy as well as our long-term financial targets. We are aiming for the Group net sales to be above EUR 2 billion  with at least 75% coming from the learning business  which we aim to achieve through organic growth and further acquisitions within K12 learning services. Also in the shorter term  we continue to be interested in value creating acquisitions in K12 learning content  especially in-market acquisitions  even though our main focus this year will be on integrations and gaining the scale benefits that our European portfolio can offer.I would like to extend my great thanks to all Sanoma employees for their excellent work  tenacity and strong commitment to supporting our customers in these more challenging times. Thanks to our teams  we were able to continue our growth  operational development and solid financial performance throughout the year 2022. I also want to thank our customers and shareholders for their continued support and interest in selecting Sanoma as their partner and investment respectively. Together we will continue on our strategic path with an aim to grow and further strengthen our positions and improve our performance in the years ahead.’’Key indicators for continuing operationsEUR million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Net sales 259.5 252.4 3% 1 298.3 1 251.6 4% Operational EBITDA 1) 45.3 42.1 7% 355.4 361.0 -2% Margin 1) 17.4% 16.7% 27.4% 28.8% Operational EBIT excl. PPA 2) -2.3 -5.2 56% 189.3 197.2 -4% Margin 2) -0.9% -2.1% 14.6% 15.8% EBIT -20.8 -18.5 -13% 112.0 142.4 -21% Result for the period -21.1 -13.9 -52% 77.0 101.4 -24% Operational EPS  EUR 1) -0.07 -0.06 -12% 0.65 0.69 -6% EPS  EUR -0.13 -0.09 -48% 0.47 0.62 -24% Average number of employees (FTE) 5 018 4 885 3% Number of employees at the end ofthe period (FTE) 5 079 4 822 5%Key indicators incl. continuing and discontinued operations 3)EUR million Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Change FY 2022 FY 2021 Change Result for the period -21.1 -14.0 -50% 77.0 101.2 -24% Free cash flow 64.2 55.2 16% 111.7 139.7 -20% Equity ratio 4) 35.8% 40.6% Net debt 823.4 616.4 34% Net debt / Adj. EBITDA 3.2 2.4 35% Operational EPS  EUR 1) -0.07 -0.07 -10% 0.65 0.69 -6% EPS  EUR -0.13 -0.09 -47% 0.47 0.61 -24% Free cash flow per share  EUR 0.39 0.34 16% 0.68 0.86 -20% Dividend per share  EUR 0.375) 0.541) Excluding IACs2) Excluding IACs and purchase price allocation adjustments and amortisations (PPAs)3) In 2021  discontinued operations included certain Learning operations that were under strategic review. More information on discontinued operations’ financial performance is available on p. 38.4) Advances received included in the formula of equity ratio were EUR 142.0 million in FY 2022 (2021: 155.2).5) 2022 is a proposal of the Board of Directors to the AGM.Dividend proposalOn 31 December 2022  Sanoma Corporation’s distributable funds were EUR 456 million  of which profit for the year made up EUR 123 million. Including the fund for non-restricted equity of EUR 210 million  the distributable funds amounted to EUR 665 million. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that:A dividend of EUR 0.37 per share shall be paid for the year 2022. The dividend shall be paid in three instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.13 per share shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the dividend record date 21 April 2023. The payment date for this instalment is 28 April 2023. Record date for the second instalment of EUR 0.13 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in September  and the estimated payment date will be in September 2023. Record date for the third instalment of EUR 0.11 per share will be decided by the Board of Directors in October  and the estimated payment date will be in November 2023.The amount left in equity shall be EUR 605 million.According to its dividend policy  Sanoma aims to pay an increasing dividend  equal to 40–60% of the annual free cash flow. When proposing a dividend to the AGM  the Board of Directors looks at the general macro-economic environment  Sanoma’s current and target capital structure  Sanoma’s future business plans and investment needs  as well as both previous year’s cash flows and expected future cash flows affecting capital structure.Analyst and investor conferenceAn analyst and investor conference will be held in English by the President and CEO Susan Duinhoven and CFO Alex Green at 11:00 EET at Sanomatalo  Flik Studio Eliel  1st floor  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  Helsinki.The conference can be followed as a live webcast at https://sanoma.videosync.fi/q4-2022-result .Management presentation is followed by a Q&A session. Questions can be placed through the webcast chat function or by phone. To ask questions by phone  the participant is required to register at https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=10010424 . After the registration you will receive the phone number and conference ID to access the conference. If you wish to ask a question  please press *5 on your telephone keypad to enter the queue.An on-demand replay of the webcast will be available shortly after the conference at www.sanoma.com/en/investors .Interview opportunities for media by Teams or by phone are available after the conference. Media representatives are asked to book interviews via Communications Director Marcus Wiklund  marcus.wiklund@sanoma.com .Additional informationKaisa Uurasmaa  Head of Investor Relations and Sustainability  tel. +358 40 560 5601SanomaSanoma is an innovative and agile learning and media company impacting the lives of millions every day. Our Sustainability Strategy is designed to maximise our positive ‘brainprint’ on society and to minimise our environmental footprint. We are committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals and signatory to the UN Global Compact.Our learning products and services enable teachers to develop the talents of every child to reach their full potential. We offer printed and digital learning content as well as digital learning and teaching platforms for primary  secondary and vocational education  and want to grow our business.Our Finnish media provide independent journalism and engaging entertainment also for generations to come. Our unique cross-media position offers the widest reach and tailored marketing solutions for our business partners.Today  we operate in twelve European countries and employ more than 5 000 professionals. In 2022  our net sales amounted to approx. 1.3bn€ and our operational EBIT margin excl. PPA was 14.6%. Sanoma shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. More information is available at sanoma.com .Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,mixed,0.42,0.12,0.46,True,English,"['Sanoma Corporation', 'Net sales', 'operational EBIT', 'Full-Year', 'inflation', 'EUR 300 million syndicated revolving credit facility', 'Dutch student administration system provider', 'EUR 250 million 4-year term loan', 'local K12 learning content business', 'Purchase price allocation adjustments', 'small exam preparation business', 'underlying free cash flow', 'two established learning businesses', 'comparable net sales growth', 'ten relationship banks', 'second dividend instalment', 'strategic growth ambition', 'CEO Susan Duinhoven', 'modest positive contrib', 'higher paper costs', 'Net debt/Adj. EBITDA', 'significant positive contribution', 'higher working capital', 'lower advertising sales', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'German learning business', 'comparable growth', 'earlier facility', 'German business', 'positive impact', 'advertising market', 'integration costs', 'significant changes', 'learning portfolio', 'lower earnings', 'complete report', 'recent acquisitions', 'tax audits', 'magazine distribution', 'interest accumulation', 'calculation purposes', 'same size', 'record date', 'payment date', 'vocational education', 'digital offering', 'three instalments', 'operating environment', 'operating countries', 'mild recession', 'first half', 'coronavirus pandemic', 'strong teams', 'operational EBIT', 'The Group', 'Operational EPS', 'payment decision', 'VAT treatment', 'The Board', 'solid year', 'Sanoma Corporation', 'Full-Year 2022 Result', 'Pearson Italy', 'Media Finland', '10 February', '8:30 EET', 'inflation', 'summary', 'investors', 'Germany', 'PPA', 'Items', 'comparability', 'IACs', 'amortisations', 'Italian', '16 December', 'penalties', 'interests', 'order', 'prepayment', '7 November', '26 October', 'Directors', 'share', '28 October', '4 October', 'Eduarte', 'line', 'strategy', 'FY', 'margin', 'transaction', 'impairments', 'investments', 'taxes', 'timing', '31 August', '7 June', '28 April', 'September', 'Outlook', 'economies', 'President', 'light', 'world', 'transformation', '2019', '0.37']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18201,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/north-holdings-3-supplements-the-tender-offer-document-relating-to-the-public-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-shareholders-can-choose-the-alternative-consideration-as-of-13-february-2023-301744055.html,North Holdings 3 supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion; shareholders can choose the Alternative Consideration as of 13 February 2023,Caverion Corporation Tender Offer 10 February 2023 at 4.40 p.m. EET HELSINKI  Feb. 10  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- North Holdings 3 Oy supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation; shareholders …,"Caverion Corporation Tender Offer 10 February 2023 at 4.40 p.m. EETHELSINKI  Feb. 10  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- North Holdings 3 Oy supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation; shareholders can choose the Alternative Consideration as of 13 February 2023As previously announced  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"") and Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement  which was amended on January 24  2023 (as amended  the ""Combination Agreement"")  pursuant to which the Offeror has made a recommended voluntary public tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). The Offeror has on November 24  2022 published a tender offer document  dated November 24  2022  and on January 13  2023 published the first supplement document to the tender offer document  concerning the Tender Offer (the tender offer document  as supplemented from time to time  the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer commenced on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and will expire on February 28  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended further or any extended offer period is discontinued as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.The Offeror announced on January 24  2023 improvement to the consideration offered in the Tender Offer  extension of the offer period  lowering the acceptance threshold and renewal of the recommendation by the Board of Directors of Caverion. As announced on January 24  2023  the Offeror supplements the Tender Offer Document with detailed information on the terms and conditions of the improved Tender Offer  including the Alternative Consideration Instruments. The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the related supplement to the Tender Offer Document (the ""Supplement Document""). The Supplement Document includes the amended terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. The Supplement Document is attached as Appendix 1 to this stock exchange release.North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (together ""Bain Capital"" and such funds being the ""Bain Capital Funds"")  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"") form a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the Tender Offer.OFFER PRICE OF THE TENDER OFFERThe shareholders of Caverion are in the Tender Offer given the possibility to choose either: (i) a fixed cash payment of EUR 8.50 per Share payable in nine (9) months from the date of the first completion trades in the Tender Offer implemented through the issuance of a debt instrument with the nominal principal amount of EUR 8.50 (the ""Alternative Consideration Instrument"") for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer  or (ii) an immediate cash consideration of EUR 8.00 upon completion of the Tender Offer (the ""Cash Offer Price"") for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer. The Alternative Consideration Instruments will be issued by the Offeror on the date(s) of the completion trades of the Tender Offer with the nominal principal amount of EUR 8.50 and will be redeemed at their full nominal amount upon their maturity on the date falling nine (9) months after the date of first issuance of the Alternative Consideration Instruments. Shareholders choosing the Alternative Consideration will be issued one (1) Alternative Consideration Instrument for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer in connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer. The acceptance of the Tender Offer with Alternative Consideration may be submitted on the business day following the publication of the Supplement Document  i.e. from February 13  2023. More detailed instructions are included in the Supplement Document and under section ""The Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" below.Shareholders holding Shares on Finnish equity savings accounts are not eligible to elect the Alternative Consideration Instrument in respect of such Shares for regulatory reasons. Instead of the Alternative Consideration Instruments  the shareholders holding Shares on the Finnish equity savings accounts have the possibility to elect a non-transferable deferred payment right of EUR 8.50 per Share to be paid in cash nine (9) months from the date of the first completion trades in the Tender Offer (the ""Deferred Payment Right""  and together with the Alternative Consideration Instruments the ""Alternative Consideration""). The Alternative Consideration and the Cash Offer Price are jointly referred to as the ""Offer Price"".The Cash Offer Price and the Alternative Consideration have been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date hereof as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades of the Tender Offer (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Cash Offer Price and the Alternative Consideration payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. However  each of the Alternative Consideration Instruments or Deferred Payment Rights are not subject to any adjustments after such an Alternative Consideration Instrument has been delivered or a Deferred Payment Right has been recorded to the shareholder but  instead  the adjustments will occur only if the distribution of funds or other corporate event entitling to the adjustment or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to the settlement of relevant completion trades of the Tender Offer.Bain Capital Europe Fund VI  Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis have given equity commitments to the Offeror to fund the Offeror for the purposes of the Tender Offer and the designated purpose of such equity commitments is to enable payment of the aggregate Cash Offer Price and redemption of the Alternative Consideration Instruments and payment of the Deferred Payment to holders of equity savings accounts by the Offeror.RECOMMENDATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF CAVERIONThe Board of Directors of Caverion  represented by a quorum comprising the non-conflicted members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously decided to recommend in its statement issued on February 9  2023 pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the ""Helsinki Takeover Code"") that the shareholders of Caverion accept the Tender Offer. The Board of Directors of Caverion has received an updated opinion  dated January 24  2023  of Caverion's exclusive financial adviser  Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch (""BofA Securities"")  to the effect that  as of the date of such opinion  the increased Offer Price to be paid to holders of Shares (other than Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis and their respective affiliates) pursuant to the Improved Tender Offer  was fair from a financial point of view  to such holders  which opinion was based upon and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken as more fully described in such opinion. The opinion of BofA Securities was provided for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of Caverion and does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holders of Shares should act in connection with the Tender Offer or any related matter.THE ACCEPTANCE PROCEDURE OF THE TENDER OFFERAcceptance of the Tender Offer with Alternative Consideration may only be submitted on the business day following the publication of the Supplement Document  i.e. from February 13  2023.Before February 13  2023  acceptance of the Tender Offer can only be made with the Cash Offer Price. Each shareholder of Caverion whose acceptance of the Tender Offer has been submitted before February 13  2023  shall be deemed to have accepted the Tender Offer with the Cash Offer Price.If a shareholder of Caverion has submitted the acceptance of the Tender Offer before February 13  2023 in respect of the Shares held by him/her and wishes to elect the Alternative Consideration instead of the Cash Offer Price  such shareholder must submit a valid withdrawal of his/her earlier acceptance of the Tender Offer in accordance with instructions from the account operator and submit a duly executed acceptance form for the Alternative Consideration. Neither the Offeror nor Nordea (in its capacity as arranger and an account operator) will charge the shareholders for withdrawing their acceptance of the Tender Offer in order to accept the Alternative Consideration in such a situation.A shareholder may only choose to receive either the Alternative Consideration or the Cash Offer Price for all Shares held on the same book-entry account  and  consequently  shareholders may only tender for mixed consideration if the relevant Shares are held on separate book-entry accounts.The shareholders holding Shares on equity savings accounts who have selected the Alternative Consideration will receive  instead of the Alternative Consideration Instruments  non-transferable rights to payment from the Offeror  and to demonstrate these  the book-entries named as other rights will be recorded to a shareholder's equity savings account.Most Finnish account operators will send a new notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to caverion-offer@nordea.com  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.For more information on the acceptance procedure of the Tender Offer  see section ""Terms and Conditions of the Tender Offer - Acceptance Procedure of the Tender offer"" in the Supplement Document. All shareholders of Caverion are advised to carefully review the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document before deciding on the acceptance of the Tender Offer.The Finnish language versions of the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document are available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.fi and www.nordea.fi/caverion-ostotarjous as of February 10  2023. The English language translations of the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document are available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.com and www.nordea.fi/caverion-offer as of February 10  2023.Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of December 2022  there were almost 14 500 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.ABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki in 2021. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR A SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT TO TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE POSSIBLE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENTS TO THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT  THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI LTD AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(c) under the Exchange Act for a Tier I tender offer (the ""Tier I Exemption"") and Rule 802 (the ""802 Exemption"") under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this stock exchange release has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this stock exchange release  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.As permitted under the Tier I Exemption  the settlement of the Tender Offer is based on the applicable Finnish law provisions  which differ from the settlement procedures customary in the United States  particularly as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered. The Tender Offer  which is subject to Finnish law  is being made to the U.S. shareholders in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws  and applicable exemptions thereunder  in particular the Tier I Exemption and the 802 Exemption. To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. shareholders and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. U.S. shareholders should consider that (whether paid initially in cash or upon redemption of any Alternative Consideration Instruments) the offer price for the Tender Offer is being paid in EUR and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer (including in relation to the Alternative Consideration Instruments). Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION  AND THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS CONSTITUTE ""RESTRICTED SECURITIES"" PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITH UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR  THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. shareholder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENTS UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT OR PASSED ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.DisclaimerUBS AG London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG London Branch is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Advium Corporate Finance Ltd is acting exclusively on behalf of the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or other matters referred to in this document  does not consider any other person (whether the recipient of this document or not) as a client in connection to the Tender Offer  and is not responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection or providing advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Nordea Bank Abp is acting as financial adviser to the Offeror and arranger outside of the United States and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this stock exchange release. For the avoidance of doubt  Nordea Bank Abp is not registered as a broker or dealer in the United States of America and will not be engaging in direct communications relating to the Tender Offer with investors located within the United States (whether on a reverse inquiry basis or otherwise). U.S. shareholders should contact their brokers with any questions relating to the Tender Offer.BNP Paribas  which is duly authorized and lead-supervised by the European Central Bank and the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of BNP Paribas  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Appendix 1: Supplement DocumentCONTACT:Investor and Media enquiries:CaverionMilena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations and External Communications  Caverion Corporation  tel. +358 40 5581 328  milena.haeggstrom@caverion.comBain Capital  Security Trading  Fennogens and CorbisIris Nevanlinna  +358 40 577 9229  iris.nevanlinna@miltton.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14078/3712974/1841990.pdf Release https://mb.cision.com/Public/14078/3712974/ba847ddb11c07ef7.pdf North Holdings 3 Oy - Supplement Document - February 10 2023SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['tender offer document', 'public tender offer', 'North Holdings', 'Alternative Consideration', 'shares', 'Caverion', 'shareholders', '13 February', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Finnish equity savings accounts', 'transferable deferred payment right', 'Bain Capital Private Equity', 'Fennogens Investments S.A.', 'one (1) Alternative Consideration Instrument', 'voluntary public tender offer', 'The Alternative Consideration Instruments', 'The Cash Offer Price', 'Finnish language version', 'fixed cash payment', 'Caverion Corporation Tender Offer', 'stock exchange release', 'Lux Holdco SARL', 'Corbis S.A.', 'nominal principal amount', 'full nominal amount', 'More detailed instructions', 'immediate cash consideration', 'extended offer period', 'The Acceptance Procedure', 'first supplement document', 'tender offer document', 'first completion trades', 'Bain Capital Funds', 'Security Trading Oy', 'North Holdings 3 Oy', 'debt instrument', 'Finnish time', 'Bain Luxco', 'detailed information', 'first issuance', 'related supplement', 'combination agreement', 'acceptance threshold', 'nine (9) months', 'business day', 'regulatory reasons', 'The Offeror', 'outstanding shares', 'February', 'EET', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'November', 'January', 'subsidiaries', 'terms', 'conditions', '2023 improvement', 'extension', 'renewal', 'recommendation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'amended', 'Appendix', 'BC', 'vehicle', 'Europe', 'LLP', 'affiliates', 'consortium', 'purposes', 'possibility', 'date', 'maturity', 'connection', 'publication', 'section', 'respect', 'non', '136,472,645 issued', '4.40', '9:30', '4:00']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,prnewswire.co.uk
18202,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALOE-OYJ-35928734/news/Valoe-Has-Agreed-on-5-000-000-Financial-Arrangement-with-Winance-Funding-Will-be-Used-as-Working-C-42956233/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Valoe Has Agreed on 5 000 000 Financial Arrangement with Winance. Funding Will be Used as Working Capital after the Signing of Mass Production Contract with Sono Motors Has Been Postponed and to Pay Down the Company's Debt to RiverFort,(marketscreener.com) Valoe Corporation        Inside Information 10 February 2023 at 17.40 VALOE HAS AGREED ON A EUR 5 000 000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH WINANCE. THE FUNDING WILL BE USED AS WORKING CAPITAL AFTER THE SIGNING OF THE MASS PRODUCTION CONTRACT WI…,"Valoe Corporation Inside Information 10 February 2023 at 17.40 (Finnish time)VALOE HAS AGREED ON A EUR 5 000 000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH WINANCE. THE FUNDING WILL BE USED AS WORKING CAPITAL AFTER THE SIGNING OF THE MASS PRODUCTION CONTRACT WITH SONO MOTORS HAS BEEN POSTPONED AND TO PAY DOWN THE COMPANY’S DEBT TO RIVERFORT.Background and Purpose of Financial ArrangementValoe Oyj (“Valoe” or the “Company”) has signed a convertible note facility agreement with Winance concerning a funding arrangement of up to EUR 5 000 000 in convertible loan notes (the ""Convertible Notes"") that will be accompanied by share subscription warrants (the ""Warrants"") (the agreement  the Convertible Notes and the Warrants hereinafter referred to collectively as the ""Arrangement"").Valoe will use the funding as working capital. The need for additional funding became apparent after the signing of the mass production contract for Sion  Sono Motors' self-charging electric vehicle  and the related estimated cash flows were postponed. In addition  Valoe will pay down its debt to Riverfort Global Opportunities Pcc Limited by approximately one million euro.On 20 December 2022  Valoe disclosed that the signing of the contract Valoe is negotiating with the company’s significant customer has been postponed until the end of the first quarter of 2023. The delay was expected to have negative impact on Valoe’s working capital situation. With Winance’s financing that has now been agreed on  Valoe expects to be able to meet its working capital needs until the substantial customer contracts are signed and the planned cash flow from customer contracts start to materialize.Under the Arrangement  Valoe issues Convertible Notes to Winance. The Convertible Notes may be drawn down so that the first tranche amounts to EUR2 000 000  after which the Convertible Notes may be drawn down in maximum of 6 sequential tranches of EUR 500 000 each (the first tranche and the subsequent Tranches  each ""Tranche"") during a period of 24 months from the drawdown of the first Tranche provided that the preconditions for each Tranche are met. Winance has the right to convert each Tranche into the Company’s newly issued or treasury shares. In addition  Winance will receive Warrants stripped from the Convertible Notes at the drawdown of each Tranche. The Warrants entitle Winance to subscribe to additional shares of the Company with a subscription price described in the Characteristics of the Warrants.The Company has an obligation to draw down the first Tranche of EUR 2 000 000 and a minimum of two sequential Tranches of the Convertible Notes  i.e. a total minimum of EUR 3 000 000. The remainder of the Convertible Notes  a total of four Tranches of EUR500 000 totaling EUR 2 000 000  may be drawn down by the Company at its discretion.Valoe has  pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Arrangement between Valoe and Winance  withdrawn the first Tranche of EUR 2 000 000  and issued to Winance in total 2 000 convertible notes and in total 13 333 333 warrants related thereto.Commercial Terms of ArrangementPursuant to the Arrangement  Winance may be given in the maximum of 5 000 convertible loan notes against subscription price of EUR 1 000 per each convertible loan note. The Convertible Notes entitle their holder to subscribe to maximum of 50 000 000 shares of the Company in the aggregate.The subscription price of the Notes related to the Tranche Warrants shall be equal to 98% of the par value of the Notes.Notwithstanding the first Tranche  a Tranche may be drawn down by the Company provided that all previously issued Convertible Notes within the Arrangement have been converted into the shares of the Company or that a cool down period agreed between the parties has lapsed  unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties. Each Tranche may be drawn in several parts.Winance has agreed to subscribe for the Convertible Notes issued by the Company with a conversion ratio calculated at the time the respective conversion is requested so that the conversion ratio is equal to 90 % of the lowest daily volume weighted average price observed over a period of fifteen (15) consecutive trading days prior to such conversion request.The Convertible Notes bear a zero interest rate. The Convertible Notes have a maturity of 12 months from the issuance of each Tranche. Each Tranche must be converted into the Company's shares upon maturity at the latest.In connection with the drawdown of each Tranche  Winance will receive Warrants free of charge. Winance has the right  but no obligation  to subscribe for the Company’s shares based on the Warrants. In connection with the Arrangement  Winance may be given maximum of 10 000 000 Warrants in the aggregate which entitle their holder to subscribe to maximum of 10 000 000 shares of the Company in the aggregate. The number of Warrants that shall be attached to the Convertible Notes of a Tranche shall be determined as follows: 20% of the nominal value of the Convertible Notes of a Tranche divided by the Exercise Price of Warrants  the resulting number of Warrants being rounded down to the nearest whole number. For the purposes of the aforesaid  the ""Exercise Price of Warrants"" shall be 110% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price in the 15 trading days immediately preceding the request to issue the relevant Tranche.The subscription period of the Company's shares pursuant to the Warrants is five (5) years from the issuance of each Warrant.The exact number of the Company's shares to be issued based on the conversion of the Convertible Notes and the exercise of the Warrants depends  in the manner described above  on the conversion ratio applied to the Convertible Notes and Warrants and is thus not yet known. Depending on the exact number of the Company's shares to be issued based on the conversion of the Convertible Notes and the exercise of the Warrants  it may be necessary for the Board of Directors of the Company to apply for additional authorizations from the general meeting of shareholders in order to implement the entire Arrangement.There is a weighty financial reason for the Company to issue the Convertible Notes and Warrants to Winance as the purpose of the Arrangement is to strengthen the tight working capital situation of the Company. The subscription price of the Convertible Notes and Warrants as well as the shares of the Company to be subscribed based on the Convertible Notes and Warrants is based on the agreement between the Company and Winance.The drawdown of each Tranche requires that certain representations and warranties given by the Company and other customary conditions relating to financing arrangements of this nature are met.Winance has the right to terminate the Arrangement if the Company’s operations become subject to a material adverse effect  there has been a change of control in the Company or in the event of default which  if curable  is not cured within 30 business days.Valoe will pay Winance on the Arrangement an upfront commitment fee equaling EUR 400 000 in Convertible Notes.The terms and conditions of the Convertible Notes and of the Warrants (without schedules) are included in all material respects in the Appendices 1 and 2 of this release.In Mikkeli on 10 February 2023Valoe OyjBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor more information:CEO Iikka Savisalo  Valoe Corporation tel. +35 40 521 6082email: iikka.savisalo@valoe.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.valoe.comValoe Corporation specializes in the clean energy  especially in photovoltaic solutions. Valoe provides automated production technology for solar modules based on the company’s own technology; production lines for modules; solar modules and special components for solar modules. Valoe's head office is located in Mikkeli  Finland.APPENDIX 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CONVERTIBLE NOTES (WITHOUT SCHEDULES)TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CONVERTIBLE NOTESDefinitions usedAffiliate Means a person or entity that directly or indirectly controls  is controlled by  or is under common control with  another person or entity. Examples of an affiliate include executive officers  directors  large stockholders  subsidiaries  parent entities and sister companies.Agreement Means the agreement entered into between the Investor and the Company for the issuance of and subscription to the Notes and the Warrants  as may be amended from time to time.Business day Means a day on which banks in New York  Dubai and Helsinki areopen for business.Change of Control Means the acquisition of more than 90 % of all the shares or votingrights of the Issuer by one or several individual(s) or legal entity(ies)  acting alone or in concert.Closing Date Means the day on which the Investor has paid the subscription priceof the Notes regarding a single Tranche to the Company.Company Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 8  50100 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Conversion Notice Means Note holder's conversion notice submitted to the Issuer.Conversion Price Means 90 % of the lowest Daily VWAP observed over the PricingPeriod  as published by Bloomberg in the <HP> Historical Prices Function  within the delegation granted to the board of directors by the shareholders’ meeting by the Issuer. Should the Conversion Price be outside the delegation granted to the board of directors  the Issuer is obliged to convene without undue delay an Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders to increase the delegation granted to the board of directors as necessary to remedy the situation.The Conversion Price will be determined by truncation after two decimal places.Daily VWAP Means  as of any Trading Day  the daily volume weighted averageprice of the Share on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as reported by Bloomberg.Event of Default Means any of the following occurrences:(i) failure by the Issuer to prepare and file a Prospectus in a timely manner to allow for its subject Shares to be admitted for trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd within one (1) month from their issuance (the “Prospectus Default”); provided  however  that if the Prospectus Default is cured within one (1) month from the issuance of such Shares  the Issuer shall only be subject to accruing Default Notes Interest (as defined in Paragraph 6 of Schedule 4) while such default is continuing; and provided further that if the Prospectus Default is cured within two (2) months  the Issuer shall only be subject to accruing Default Notes Interest and a monthly (or pro rata if cured prior to month- end) cash penalty of EUR 10 000 while such default is continuing; otherwise  the Prospectus Default shall be deemed an Event of Default without the ability to cure as of two (2) months from the issuance of such Shares;(ii) a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any of its obligations under the Agreement which has an impact of more than EUR 100 000 or a default by the Issuer of Section 4.1.6 of the Agreement or in connection with the Prospectus Default cash penalty notwithstanding any impact threshold and which  if curable  is not cured within ten (10) Business Days as from the first of the following dates: (i) the date on which the Issuer becomes (or should have become) aware of this breach and (ii) the date on which the Investor notifies such breach to the Issuer  requesting that it be cured;(iii) failure by the Issuer to pay the price due in connection with the acquisition of the Notes or the Warrants  as the case may be  in the case where the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares  in accordance with the Agreement  it being specified that after ten (10) Trading Days of delay any amount due by the Issuer to the Investor shall bear interest at LIBOR + 10%;(iv) the de-listing of the Shares from Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd;(v) any refusal to certify the financial statements by the statutory auditors of the Issuer which is not cured within sixty (60) Business Days as from the date such certification is requested from the auditors;(vi) a Material Adverse Effect or Change of Control has occurred;(vii) failure by the Issuer to pay any indebtedness in excess of EUR 500 000 when due or within any applicable grace period  other than any such failure resulting from a good faith error which is diligently and promptly corrected  or failure by the Issuer to observe or perform any term  covenant or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument by which it is bound evidencing or securing any such indebtedness for a period of time which would cause or permit the acceleration of the maturity thereof  except if such indebtedness is contested in good faith by the Issuer;(viii) the Issuer voluntarily suspends or discontinues substantially all of its business  liquidates substantially all of its assets except for fair consideration or on an arm's length basis  or bankruptcy  moratorium  insolvency or similar proceedings for relief of financially distressed debtors shall be instituted by or against the Issuer and shall not have been discharged within six (6) months; and(ix) a final judgement for the payment of money in excess of EUR 500 000 is rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction against the Issuer  and the Issuer does not discharge the same or provide for its discharge in accordance with its terms or procure a stay of execution thereof within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of entry thereof and within said period of sixty (60) calendar days (or such longer period during which execution of such judgment shall have been stayed) appeal therefrom and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal.Investor Means Winance  a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands  having its registered address at Vistra (Cayman) Limited  P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion  Hibiscus Way  802 West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 – 1205 Cayman Islands  registered with the Registrar of Companies Cayman Islands  under registration number 335554.Issuer Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 5  50150 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Material Adverse Effect Means any effect on the business  operations  properties  orfinancial condition of the Issuer that is material and adverse to the Issuer and its Affiliates  taken as a whole and/or any condition  circumstance or situation that would prohibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of the Issuer to enter into and perform any of its obligations under the Agreement in any material respect. Material Adverse Effect also includes (but is not limited to) any transactionchanging the Company's status from public to private or de-listing of the Company’s shares  change of legal form or corporate purpose.Note(s) Means the convertible loan notes of the Company in an aggregate principal maximum amount of EUR 5 000 000  each Note being EUR 1 000  having the characteristics described in these terms and conditions.Pricing Period Means a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Trading Days prior to thereception of a Conversion Notice issued by the Investor.Principal Amount Means the total amount of debt in principal represented by atranche of Notes.In the event of conversion of one or several Notes  the other Note(s) not so converted shall remain in full force and effect with respect to that part of the Principal Amount which shall not yet have been repaid  such unpaid principal amount being then the “Principal Amount” for the purposes of the Agreement.Prospectus Shall mean a simplified prospectus for secondary issuances to be prepared by the Issuer for the admission on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd of any Shares converted as a result of the Tranche Warrants in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in the event that no exemption under the Prospectus Regulation applies.“Prospectus Regulation” Shall mean Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the EuropeanParliament and of the Council of 41 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market.Shares Means the shares of the Issuer.Trading Day Means any day during which Nasdaq Helsinki is open for business provided that “Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Shares are scheduled to trade on such market for less than 4.5 hours (it being specified for the avoidance of doubt that any day during which there would be no effective trading would not be considered as a Trading Day if this is due to a suspension requested by the Issuer or the stock market authorities) or any day that the Shares are suspended from trading at the request of the Issuer or of the stock market authorities during the final hour of trading on such market  unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Investor.1. FormThe Notes shall be in dematerialized form. Evidence of any Note holder shall be included in a register kept by the Issuer.2. EnjoymentThe Notes are issued with full rights of enjoyment as from the date of their full subscription by the Investor.3. Assignment  transfer and absence of admission to trading of the Notes3.1. The Notes may be assigned or transferred without the prior consent of the Issuer  only to Affiliates of the Investor.3.2. Any transferee that becomes a Note holder  by whatever means and for whatever reason  shall have the benefit of  and be subject to  all of the rights and obligations arising under the Agreement.3.3. The Notes will not be admitted to trading on any financial market.4. MaturityEach Note shall have a duration of 12 months as from its date of issuance (the ""Maturity Date"").The Notes shall be subject to and governed by the provisions of Chapter 12 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) concerning capital loans (in Finnish: pääomalaina).5. Nominal valueEach Note shall have a nominal value of EUR 1 000.6. InterestThe Notes shall accrue no interest; except  however  if the Issuer is not able to issue the Shares which are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date (as defined in Paragraph 8.2)  in addition to any other remedies that the Investor may have in such a situation the outstanding principal balance of the Notes issued in connection with such Tranche Warrant shall bear interest at the rate of ten per cent (10%) per annum on the basis of a 360 day year. Such interest shall accrue from and including the date which is five (5) Days after the Conversion Date until such default is cured  and shall be compounded monthly.7. Redemption7.1. The Issuer shall have no right to early redeem any Note.7.2. If Notes have not been converted by the Note holder prior to their Maturity Date  (i) the Issuer shall not redeem in cash the outstanding principal amount under the Notes on the Maturity Date and (ii) the Investor shall convert all outstanding Notes on the Maturity Date.7.3. Notwithstanding the above  at the Note holder’s discretion  the Issuer is required to early redeem in cash all or any Notes held by the applicable Note holder in the following circumstances:(i) failure to issue new Shares to each Note holder in accordance with the terms of the Agreement (for example in case of late delivery of the new Shares); or(ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default  a Material Adverse Effect or a Change of Control under the Agreement.7.4. In the event of redemption in cash  the Issuer shall pay to each Note holder the aggregate outstanding principal amount of its Notes  in accordance with Paragraph 8 of these characteristics of the Notes.8. Conversion; Termination of Conversion Rights8.1. Conversion of the Notes into Shares of the Issuer; Conversion PeriodUnless it has terminated its conversion rights pursuant to Paragraph 8.5 of these characteristics of the Notes  each Note holder shall have the right at any time as of any Closing Date  up to and including the Maturity Date (the ""Conversion Period"")  to convert all or any of the Notes into new Shares  and to determine the number of Notes to be converted  and the corresponding aggregate principal amount so converted (the “Conversion Amount”). Instead of issuing to the Note holder new Shares upon conversion  the Issuer may also transfer to the Note holder the corresponding number of treasury Shares upon conversion.Each Note holder is allowed to make multiple conversions of Notes as long as it stays within the outstanding Principal Amount.8.2. Conversion Date; NoticeEach Note holder may convert all or any of its Notes on any Trading Day of its choice during the Conversion Period  effective at the date of receipt by the Issuer of a Conversion Notice in accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes (the ""Conversion Date"").On each chosen Conversion Date  each Note holder shall convert all or any of its Notes by giving Notice to the Issuer (the “Conversion Notice”)  using the form attached in Schedule 5 and specifying a number of Notes to be converted and the corresponding Conversion Amountin accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes. The Company must confirm the due receipt of the Conversion Notice in writing to the Investor within one Business Day from the due issuance of such Conversion Notice by the Investor.The Issuer shall in turn issue the new Shares to the relevant Note holder in accordance with these terms and conditions.The Shares upon conversion shall be issued in bearer form and the Issuer shall use its best efforts that the Shares shall be transferred to the Investor’s book-entry account at Euroclear Finland within five (5) Trading Days following the Conversion Date. Issuer shall be liable for  and shall indemnify the Investor against  any losses resulting from a delay  caused by the Issuer  over the aforementioned five (5) Trading Days.8.3. Conversion RatioThe number of new Shares issued by the Issuer to the relevant Note holder upon conversion of one or several Notes in accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes will be calculated as the Conversion Amount divided by the Conversion Price.If the issuance of new Shares would result in the issuance of a fraction of a Share  the Issuer shall round such fraction of a Share up to the nearest whole Share.The new Shares shall be fully paid by set-off against the Conversion Amount that will come in deduction from the Principal Amount. Such conversion shall not require the payment of any fee or charge by the relevant Note holder.If the Conversion Price on the Conversion Date is equal to or lower than EUR 0.10 (ten cents)  the ongoing cool down period (as specified in the Agreement) on such Conversion Date and the Maturity Date shall be extended by the number of days until the Conversion Price exceeds EUR 0.10 (ten cents)  at which time the Shares upon conversion shall be issued automatically without further notice from the Note holder.The Issuer shall promptly deliver freely tradable Shares to the relevant Note holder upon each conversion of Note(s). The Issuer shall use its best efforts that the issuance of the Shares and their admission to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd shall occur no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date.Upon conversion of Notes  if the relevant Note holder does not receive the relevant Shares as provided for in the paragraph above  and if the early redemption of the Notes was not requested by the relevant Note holder  at the Note holder’s discretion  the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Note holder an amount equal to the difference (if positive) between the closing price of the Share three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date and the closing price of the Share on the day immediately prior to the date on which the relevant Shares are effectivelyreceived by the relevant Note holder  for each new Share which was issued upon the relevant conversion of Notes.If the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares to a Note holder upon conversion of Notes  and if the early redemption of the Notes was not requested by the relevant Note holder  at the Note holder’s discretion  the relevant Notes shall be acquired by the Issuer  on the Trading Day following the Conversion Date  for a price equal to the number of new Shares which should have been issued to it upon conversion of the Notes multiplied by the closing price of the Share on the day prior to the Conversion Date. Such acquired Notes shall be cancelled by the Issuer.Any payment to a Note holder made by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 8.3 of these characteristics of the Notes shall be made by the Issuer to the relevant Note holder in cash  by wire transfer to a bank account notified by the relevant Note holder to the Issuer  in immediately available  freely transferable funds in Euros.8.4. Rights attached to the SharesThe new Shares issued upon conversion of the Note(s) shall be subject to all provisions of the By-Laws and to decisions of the general meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer. The new Shares shall be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as from their issuance  be freely tradable  will carry immediate and current dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to and fungible with the existing Shares.8.5. Termination of Conversion RightThe right of each Note holder to convert the Notes pursuant to this Paragraph 8 shall terminate on the date on which the Notes are fully converted.9. Note holders’ rights in cert ain circumstancesIf the Company  prior to a conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to issue Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares so that the shareholders shall have the pre- emptive subscription right  the Note holder shall have the same or equal right as the shareholders. The equality is reached by the means resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith (i) by giving to the Note holder the same priority to the subscription of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares as given to the shareholders or (ii) by adjusting the Conversion Price or (ii) by combining the alternatives (i) and (ii) above. In other cases  the issuance of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  distributes dividends or funds from the fund for Company’s invested own free equity or lowers its share capital bydistributing share capital to the shareholders  this will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to acquire or redeem its own Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares under Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies Act in accordance with Chapters 3 or 15 of the Finnish Companies Act  this will not require actions from the Company (or the Note holders) in relation to Notes  and this will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to merge with another company as a merging company or with a company to be formed in a combination merger or if the Company decides to fully demerge its business activities  the Note holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the board of directors of the Company prior to resolution on the merger or demerger  to convert the Note(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the conversion right  no conversion right shall exist anymore.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to change its legal form to a private company  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Investor within fifteen(15) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement.If  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  a Company’s shareholder holds Shares and votes in excess of 90 per cent and this leads to the realization of the redemption right and redemption obligation under Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Note holder within five (5) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement. Alternatively  the Note holder has a right to request that the Note holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company after the Company has become aware of the above situation  to convert the Note(s) into Shares.If  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  the Company is placed into liquidation or removed from the Trade Register  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Note holder within fifteen (15) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement.APPENDIX 2: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS (WITHOUT SCHEDULES)TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTSDefinitions usedAffiliate Means a person or entity that directly or indirectly controls  is controlled by  or is under common control with  another person or entity. Examples of an affiliate include executive officers  directors  large stockholders  subsidiaries  parent entities and sister companies.Agreement Means the agreement entered into between the Investor and the Company for the issuance of and subscription to the Notes and the Warrants  as may be amended from time to time.Company Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 8  50100 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Daily VWAP Means  as of any Trading Day  the daily volume weighted averageprice of the Share on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as reported by Bloomberg.Exercise Price of WarrantsMeans 110% of the lowest Daily VWAP in the 15 Trading Days immediately preceding the request to issue the relevant tranche.Investor Means Winance  a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands  having its registered address at Vistra (Cayman) Limited  P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion  Hibiscus Way  802 West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 – 1205 Cayman Islands  registered with the Registrar of Companies Cayman Islands  under registration number 335554.Issuer Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 5  50150 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Note(s) Means the convertible loan notes of the Company in an aggregate principal maximum amount of EUR 5 000 000  each Note being EUR 1 000  having the characteristics described in terms and conditions of the Notes.Shares Means the shares of the Issuer.Trading Day Means any day during which Nasdaq Helsinki is open for business provided that “Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Shares are scheduled to trade on such market for less than 4.5 hours (it being specified for the avoidance of doubt that any day during which there would be no effective trading would not be considered as a Trading Day if this is due to a suspension requested by the Issuer or the stock market authorities) or any day that the Shares are suspended from trading at the request of the Issuer or of the stock market authorities during the final hour of trading on such market  unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Investor.Warrants Means share subscription warrants  having the characteristics described in these terms and conditions  shall be attached to the Notes of each tranche subscribed by the Investor.1. Form1.1. The Warrants shall be in dematerialized form. Evidence of any Warrant holder shall be included in a register kept by the Issuer.2. EnjoymentThe Warrants are issued with full rights of enjoyment as from the date of their detachment from the Notes to which they are attached (i.e. as from the date of the subscription of the relevant Notes).3. Assignment  transfer and admission to trading of the Warrants3.1. The Warrants may be assigned or transferred without the prior consent of the Issuer  only to Affiliates of the Investor.3.2. Any transferee that becomes a Warrant holder  by whatever means and for whatever reason  shall have the benefit of  and be subject to  all of the rights and obligations arising under the Agreement.3.3. The Warrants will not be admitted to trading on any financial market.4. TermThe Warrants shall become automatically null and void five (5) years after their respective issuance date.5. Exercise5.1. Exercise of the Warrants into Shares of the Issuer; Exercise PeriodEach Warrant holder shall have the right at its option  and effective at any time prior to the Warrant’s term (the ""Warrant Exercise Period"")  to exercise all or any of the Warrants into newly issued Shares in bearer form. Instead of issuing to the Warrant holder new Shares upon exercise of Warrants  the Issuer may also transfer to the Warrant holder the corresponding number of treasury Shares upon exercise of Warrants.Each Warrant holder is allowed to make multiple exercises of Warrants.5.2. Exercise Date; Exercise NoticeEach Warrant holder may exercise all or part of its Warrants on any Trading Day of its choice effective at the date of its delivery of a Warrant Exercise Notice (the ""Warrant Exercise Date"") during the Warrant Exercise Period.On each chosen Warrant Exercise Date  the relevant Warrant holder shall exercise all or part of its Warrants by giving Notice to the Issuer (the “Warrant Exercise Notice”)  using the form attached in Schedule 7.The Issuer  after updating the register where the Warrants are registered  shall in turn issue the new Shares to the relevant Warrant holder in accordance with these terms and conditions.5.3. Exercise Ratio – Exercise PriceEach Warrant will give right to one (1) Share (the “Warrant Exercise Ratio”) subject to any adjustment made in accordance with Paragraph 6 of these characteristics of the Warrants.The new Shares resulting from the exercise of the Warrants shall be issued upon payment in cash by the relevant Warrant holder of the Exercise Price of Warrants.The Exercise Price of Warrants will be determined by truncation after two decimal places.Such exercise shall not require the payment of any additional fee or charge by the relevant Warrant holder in addition to the payment of the Exercise Price.The Issuer shall promptly deliver freely tradable Shares to the relevant Warrant holder upon each exercise of Warrant(s). The Company shall use its best efforts that the issuance of the Shares and their admission to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd shall occur no later than three (3) Trading Days and in any case no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Warrant Exercise Date.Upon exercise of Warrants  if the relevant Warrant holder does not receive the relevant Shares as provided for in the paragraph above  the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Warrant holder an amount in cash equal to (i) the Warrant Exercise Ratio multiplied by (ii) the difference (if positive) between (a) the closing price of the Share five (5) Trading Days after the Warrant Exercise Date and (b) the closing price of the Share on the day immediately prior to the date on which the relevant Shares are effectively received by the relevant Warrant holder  for each exercised Warrant.If the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares to a Warrant holder upon exercise of a Warrant  the exercised Warrant shall beacquired by the Issuer  on the Trading Day following the Warrant Exercise Date  for a price equal to (i) the Warrant Exercise Ratio multiplied by (ii) the difference between (a) the closing price of the Share on the day prior to the Warrant Exercise Date and (b) the Exercise Price of Warrants  as the case may be  divided by the Warrant Exercise Ratio. Such acquired Warrants shall be cancelled by the Issuer.Any payment to a Warrant holder made by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 5.3 of these characteristics of the Warrants shall be made by the Issuer to the relevant Warrant holder in cash  by wire transfer to a bank account notified by the relevant Warrant holder to the Issuer  in immediately available  freely transferable funds in Euros.5.4. Rights attached to the SharesThe new Shares issued upon exercise of Warrant(s) shall be subject to all provisions of the By- Laws and to decisions of the general meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer. The new Shares shall be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as from their issuance  be freely tradable  will carry immediate and current dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to and fungible with the existing Shares.6. Protection of the Warrant holdersIf the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to issue Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares so that the shareholders shall have the pre- emptive subscription right  the Warrant holder shall have the same or equal right as the shareholders. The equality is reached by the means resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith (i) by giving to the Warrant holder the same priority to the subscription of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares as given to the shareholders or (ii) by adjusting the Warrant Exercise Ratio or (ii) by combining the alternatives (i) and (ii) above. In other cases  the issuance of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.Notwithstanding the foregoing  if the Company resolves to split or reverse split its issued Shares prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  then these terms and conditions of the Warrants shall be amended so that the relative proportion of the Shares available for exercise with the Warrants to the total number of the Company’s Shares shall be the same both immediately prior to such split or reverse split and immediately after such split or reverse split.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  distributes dividends or funds from the fund for Company’s invested own free equity or lowers its share capital by distributing share capital to the shareholders  this will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to acquire or redeem its own Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares under Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies Act in accordance with Chapters 3 or 15 of the Finnish Companies Act  this will not require actions from the Company (or the Warrant holders) in relation to Warrants  and this will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to merge with another company as a merging company or with a company to be formed in a combination merger or if the Company decides to fully demerge its business activities  the Warrant holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to resolution on the merger or demerger  to convert the Warrant(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the exercise right  no exercise right shall exist anymore.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to change its legal form to a private company  all Warrants then outstanding shall remain in full force and effect.If  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  a Company’s shareholder holds Shares and votes in excess of 90 per cent and this leads to the realization of the redemption right and redemption obligation under Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  the Warrant holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company after the Company has become aware of the above situation  to exercise the Warrant(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the exercise right  no exercise right shall exist anymore.If  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  the Company is placed into liquidation or removed from the Trade Register  the Warrant holder shall be given the right to subscribe for the shares in the Company during a period determined by the board of directors prior to the beginning of the liquidation procedure or prior to the removal of the Company from the Trade Register.7. FractionsAny Warrants holder exercising its rights may subscribe to a number of Shares  which is calculated by multiplying the Warrant Exercise Ratio in effect at such time by the number of the Warrants exercised. If the Shares are listed and if the number of Shares calculated in this manner is not a whole number  a Warrant holder shall receive:",neutral,0.11,0.85,0.03,negative,0.12,0.06,0.82,True,English,"['Mass Production Contract', '5,000,000 Financial Arrangement', 'Working Capital', 'Sono Motors', 'Valoe', 'Winance', 'Funding', 'Signing', 'Company', 'Debt', 'RiverFort', 'lowest daily volume weighted average price', 'Riverfort Global Opportunities Pcc Limited', ""Sono Motors' self-charging electric vehicle"", 'fifteen (15) consecutive trading days', 'convertible note facility agreement', 'one million euro', 'zero interest rate', 'convertible loan note', 'working capital situation', 'working capital needs', 'substantial customer contracts', 'two sequential Tranches', 'cool down period', 'EUR 5,000,000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT', 'The Convertible Notes', 'mass production contract', 'share subscription warrants', 'subscription price', 'Exercise Price', '6 sequential tranches', '2,000 convertible notes', 'significant customer', 'subsequent Tranches', 'four Tranches', 'cash flows', 'first quarter', 'negative impact', 'par value', 'several parts', 'conversion ratio', 'respective conversion', 'conversion request', 'nominal value', 'The Warrants', 'Finnish time', 'funding arrangement', 'additional funding', 'Commercial Terms', 'resulting number', 'first tranche', 'treasury shares', 'additional shares', 'Valoe Corporation', 'Valoe Oyj', 'total minimum', 'Tranche Warrants', '13,333,333 warrants', '10,000,000 Warrants', '50,000,000 shares', '10,000,000 shares', 'Information', 'February', 'SIGNING', 'COMPANY', 'DEBT', 'Background', 'Purpose', 'Winance', 'related', '20 December', 'end', 'delay', 'financing', 'maximum', '24 months', 'drawdown', 'preconditions', 'right', 'Characteristics', 'obligation', 'remainder', 'discretion', 'holder', 'aggregate', 'parties', 'maturity', '12 months', 'issuance', 'connection', 'charge']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18203,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2606084/0/en/Valoe-Has-Agreed-on-5-000-000-Financial-Arrangement-with-Winance-Funding-Will-be-Used-as-Working-Capital-after-the-Signing-of-Mass-Production-Contract-with-Sono-Motors-Has-Been-Pos.html,Valoe Has Agreed on 5 000 000€ Financial Arrangement with Winance. Funding Will be Used as Working Capital after the Signing of Mass Production Contract with Sono Motors Has Been Postponed and to Pay Down the Company’s Debt to RiverFort,Valoe Corporation        Inside Information 10 February 2023 at 17.40 (Finnish time)      VALOE HAS AGREED ON A EUR 5 000 000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT...,"English FinnishValoe Corporation Inside Information 10 February 2023 at 17.40 (Finnish time)VALOE HAS AGREED ON A EUR 5 000 000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT WITH WINANCE. THE FUNDING WILL BE USED AS WORKING CAPITAL AFTER THE SIGNING OF THE MASS PRODUCTION CONTRACT WITH SONO MOTORS HAS BEEN POSTPONED AND TO PAY DOWN THE COMPANY’S DEBT TO RIVERFORT.Background and Purpose of Financial ArrangementValoe Oyj (“Valoe” or the “Company”) has signed a convertible note facility agreement with Winance concerning a funding arrangement of up to EUR 5 000 000 in convertible loan notes (the ""Convertible Notes"") that will be accompanied by share subscription warrants (the ""Warrants"") (the agreement  the Convertible Notes and the Warrants hereinafter referred to collectively as the ""Arrangement"").Valoe will use the funding as working capital. The need for additional funding became apparent after the signing of the mass production contract for Sion  Sono Motors' self-charging electric vehicle  and the related estimated cash flows were postponed. In addition  Valoe will pay down its debt to Riverfort Global Opportunities Pcc Limited by approximately one million euro.On 20 December 2022  Valoe disclosed that the signing of the contract Valoe is negotiating with the company’s significant customer has been postponed until the end of the first quarter of 2023. The delay was expected to have negative impact on Valoe’s working capital situation. With Winance’s financing that has now been agreed on  Valoe expects to be able to meet its working capital needs until the substantial customer contracts are signed and the planned cash flow from customer contracts start to materialize.Under the Arrangement  Valoe issues Convertible Notes to Winance. The Convertible Notes may be drawn down so that the first tranche amounts to EUR2 000 000  after which the Convertible Notes may be drawn down in maximum of 6 sequential tranches of EUR 500 000 each (the first tranche and the subsequent Tranches  each ""Tranche"") during a period of 24 months from the drawdown of the first Tranche provided that the preconditions for each Tranche are met. Winance has the right to convert each Tranche into the Company’s newly issued or treasury shares. In addition  Winance will receive Warrants stripped from the Convertible Notes at the drawdown of each Tranche. The Warrants entitle Winance to subscribe to additional shares of the Company with a subscription price described in the Characteristics of the Warrants.The Company has an obligation to draw down the first Tranche of EUR 2 000 000 and a minimum of two sequential Tranches of the Convertible Notes  i.e. a total minimum of EUR 3 000 000. The remainder of the Convertible Notes  a total of four Tranches of EUR500 000 totaling EUR 2 000 000  may be drawn down by the Company at its discretion.Valoe has  pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Arrangement between Valoe and Winance  withdrawn the first Tranche of EUR 2 000 000  and issued to Winance in total 2 000 convertible notes and in total 13 333 333 warrants related thereto.Commercial Terms of ArrangementPursuant to the Arrangement  Winance may be given in the maximum of 5 000 convertible loan notes against subscription price of EUR 1 000 per each convertible loan note. The Convertible Notes entitle their holder to subscribe to maximum of 50 000 000 shares of the Company in the aggregate.The subscription price of the Notes related to the Tranche Warrants shall be equal to 98% of the par value of the Notes.Notwithstanding the first Tranche  a Tranche may be drawn down by the Company provided that all previously issued Convertible Notes within the Arrangement have been converted into the shares of the Company or that a cool down period agreed between the parties has lapsed  unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties. Each Tranche may be drawn in several parts.Winance has agreed to subscribe for the Convertible Notes issued by the Company with a conversion ratio calculated at the time the respective conversion is requested so that the conversion ratio is equal to 90 % of the lowest daily volume weighted average price observed over a period of fifteen (15) consecutive trading days prior to such conversion request.The Convertible Notes bear a zero interest rate. The Convertible Notes have a maturity of 12 months from the issuance of each Tranche. Each Tranche must be converted into the Company's shares upon maturity at the latest.In connection with the drawdown of each Tranche  Winance will receive Warrants free of charge. Winance has the right  but no obligation  to subscribe for the Company’s shares based on the Warrants. In connection with the Arrangement  Winance may be given maximum of 10 000 000 Warrants in the aggregate which entitle their holder to subscribe to maximum of 10 000 000 shares of the Company in the aggregate. The number of Warrants that shall be attached to the Convertible Notes of a Tranche shall be determined as follows: 20% of the nominal value of the Convertible Notes of a Tranche divided by the Exercise Price of Warrants  the resulting number of Warrants being rounded down to the nearest whole number. For the purposes of the aforesaid  the ""Exercise Price of Warrants"" shall be 110% of the lowest daily volume weighted average price in the 15 trading days immediately preceding the request to issue the relevant Tranche.The subscription period of the Company's shares pursuant to the Warrants is five (5) years from the issuance of each Warrant.The exact number of the Company's shares to be issued based on the conversion of the Convertible Notes and the exercise of the Warrants depends  in the manner described above  on the conversion ratio applied to the Convertible Notes and Warrants and is thus not yet known. Depending on the exact number of the Company's shares to be issued based on the conversion of the Convertible Notes and the exercise of the Warrants  it may be necessary for the Board of Directors of the Company to apply for additional authorizations from the general meeting of shareholders in order to implement the entire Arrangement.There is a weighty financial reason for the Company to issue the Convertible Notes and Warrants to Winance as the purpose of the Arrangement is to strengthen the tight working capital situation of the Company. The subscription price of the Convertible Notes and Warrants as well as the shares of the Company to be subscribed based on the Convertible Notes and Warrants is based on the agreement between the Company and Winance.The drawdown of each Tranche requires that certain representations and warranties given by the Company and other customary conditions relating to financing arrangements of this nature are met.Winance has the right to terminate the Arrangement if the Company’s operations become subject to a material adverse effect  there has been a change of control in the Company or in the event of default which  if curable  is not cured within 30 business days.Valoe will pay Winance on the Arrangement an upfront commitment fee equaling EUR 400 000 in Convertible Notes.The terms and conditions of the Convertible Notes and of the Warrants (without schedules) are included in all material respects in the Appendices 1 and 2 of this release.In Mikkeli on 10 February 2023Valoe OyjBOARD OF DIRECTORSFor more information:CEO Iikka Savisalo  Valoe Corporation tel. +35 40 521 6082email: iikka.savisalo@valoe.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.valoe.comValoe Corporation specializes in the clean energy  especially in photovoltaic solutions. Valoe provides automated production technology for solar modules based on the company’s own technology; production lines for modules; solar modules and special components for solar modules. Valoe's head office is located in Mikkeli  Finland.APPENDIX 1: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CONVERTIBLE NOTES (WITHOUT SCHEDULES)TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CONVERTIBLE NOTESDefinitions usedAffiliate Means a person or entity that directly or indirectly controls  is controlled by  or is under common control with  another person or entity. Examples of an affiliate include executive officers  directors  large stockholders  subsidiaries  parent entities and sister companies.Agreement Means the agreement entered into between the Investor and the Company for the issuance of and subscription to the Notes and the Warrants  as may be amended from time to time.Business day Means a day on which banks in New York  Dubai and Helsinki areopen for business.Change of Control Means the acquisition of more than 90 % of all the shares or votingrights of the Issuer by one or several individual(s) or legal entity(ies)  acting alone or in concert.Closing Date Means the day on which the Investor has paid the subscription priceof the Notes regarding a single Tranche to the Company.Company Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 8  50100 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Conversion Notice Means Note holder's conversion notice submitted to the Issuer.Conversion Price Means 90 % of the lowest Daily VWAP observed over the PricingPeriod  as published by Bloomberg in the <HP> Historical Prices Function  within the delegation granted to the board of directors by the shareholders’ meeting by the Issuer. Should the Conversion Price be outside the delegation granted to the board of directors  the Issuer is obliged to convene without undue delay an Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders to increase the delegation granted to the board of directors as necessary to remedy the situation.The Conversion Price will be determined by truncation after two decimal places.Daily VWAP Means  as of any Trading Day  the daily volume weighted averageprice of the Share on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as reported by Bloomberg.Event of Default Means any of the following occurrences:(i) failure by the Issuer to prepare and file a Prospectus in a timely manner to allow for its subject Shares to be admitted for trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd within one (1) month from their issuance (the “Prospectus Default”); provided  however  that if the Prospectus Default is cured within one (1) month from the issuance of such Shares  the Issuer shall only be subject to accruing Default Notes Interest (as defined in Paragraph 6 of Schedule 4) while such default is continuing; and provided further that if the Prospectus Default is cured within two (2) months  the Issuer shall only be subject to accruing Default Notes Interest and a monthly (or pro rata if cured prior to month- end) cash penalty of EUR 10 000 while such default is continuing; otherwise  the Prospectus Default shall be deemed an Event of Default without the ability to cure as of two (2) months from the issuance of such Shares;(ii) a default by the Issuer in the due performance of any of its obligations under the Agreement which has an impact of more than EUR 100 000 or a default by the Issuer of Section 4.1.6 of the Agreement or in connection with the Prospectus Default cash penalty notwithstanding any impact threshold and which  if curable  is not cured within ten (10) Business Days as from the first of the following dates: (i) the date on which the Issuer becomes (or should have become) aware of this breach and (ii) the date on which the Investor notifies such breach to the Issuer  requesting that it be cured;(iii) failure by the Issuer to pay the price due in connection with the acquisition of the Notes or the Warrants  as the case may be  in the case where the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares  in accordance with the Agreement  it being specified that after ten (10) Trading Days of delay any amount due by the Issuer to the Investor shall bear interest at LIBOR + 10%;(iv) the de-listing of the Shares from Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd;(v) any refusal to certify the financial statements by the statutory auditors of the Issuer which is not cured within sixty (60) Business Days as from the date such certification is requested from the auditors;(vi) a Material Adverse Effect or Change of Control has occurred;(vii) failure by the Issuer to pay any indebtedness in excess of EUR 500 000 when due or within any applicable grace period  other than any such failure resulting from a good faith error which is diligently and promptly corrected  or failure by the Issuer to observe or perform any term  covenant or agreement contained in any agreement or instrument by which it is bound evidencing or securing any such indebtedness for a period of time which would cause or permit the acceleration of the maturity thereof  except if such indebtedness is contested in good faith by the Issuer;(viii) the Issuer voluntarily suspends or discontinues substantially all of its business  liquidates substantially all of its assets except for fair consideration or on an arm's length basis  or bankruptcy  moratorium  insolvency or similar proceedings for relief of financially distressed debtors shall be instituted by or against the Issuer and shall not have been discharged within six (6) months; and(ix) a final judgement for the payment of money in excess of EUR 500 000 is rendered by a court of competent jurisdiction against the Issuer  and the Issuer does not discharge the same or provide for its discharge in accordance with its terms or procure a stay of execution thereof within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of entry thereof and within said period of sixty (60) calendar days (or such longer period during which execution of such judgment shall have been stayed) appeal therefrom and cause the execution thereof to be stayed during such appeal.Investor Means Winance  a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands  having its registered address at Vistra (Cayman) Limited  P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion  Hibiscus Way  802 West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 – 1205 Cayman Islands  registered with the Registrar of Companies Cayman Islands  under registration number 335554.Issuer Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 5  50150 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Material Adverse Effect Means any effect on the business  operations  properties  orfinancial condition of the Issuer that is material and adverse to the Issuer and its Affiliates  taken as a whole and/or any condition  circumstance or situation that would prohibit or otherwise interfere with the ability of the Issuer to enter into and perform any of its obligations under the Agreement in any material respect. Material Adverse Effect also includes (but is not limited to) any transactionchanging the Company's status from public to private or de-listing of the Company’s shares  change of legal form or corporate purpose.Note(s) Means the convertible loan notes of the Company in an aggregate principal maximum amount of EUR 5 000 000  each Note being EUR 1 000  having the characteristics described in these terms and conditions.Pricing Period Means a period of fifteen (15) consecutive Trading Days prior to thereception of a Conversion Notice issued by the Investor.Principal Amount Means the total amount of debt in principal represented by atranche of Notes.In the event of conversion of one or several Notes  the other Note(s) not so converted shall remain in full force and effect with respect to that part of the Principal Amount which shall not yet have been repaid  such unpaid principal amount being then the “Principal Amount” for the purposes of the Agreement.Prospectus Shall mean a simplified prospectus for secondary issuances to be prepared by the Issuer for the admission on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd of any Shares converted as a result of the Tranche Warrants in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in the event that no exemption under the Prospectus Regulation applies.“Prospectus Regulation” Shall mean Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the EuropeanParliament and of the Council of 41 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market.Shares Means the shares of the Issuer.Trading Day Means any day during which Nasdaq Helsinki is open for business provided that “Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Shares are scheduled to trade on such market for less than 4.5 hours (it being specified for the avoidance of doubt that any day during which there would be no effective trading would not be considered as a Trading Day if this is due to a suspension requested by the Issuer or the stock market authorities) or any day that the Shares are suspended from trading at the request of the Issuer or of the stock market authorities during the final hour of trading on such market  unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Investor.1. FormThe Notes shall be in dematerialized form. Evidence of any Note holder shall be included in a register kept by the Issuer.2. EnjoymentThe Notes are issued with full rights of enjoyment as from the date of their full subscription by the Investor.3. Assignment  transfer and absence of admission to trading of the Notes3.1. The Notes may be assigned or transferred without the prior consent of the Issuer  only to Affiliates of the Investor.3.2. Any transferee that becomes a Note holder  by whatever means and for whatever reason  shall have the benefit of  and be subject to  all of the rights and obligations arising under the Agreement.3.3. The Notes will not be admitted to trading on any financial market.4. MaturityEach Note shall have a duration of 12 months as from its date of issuance (the ""Maturity Date"").The Notes shall be subject to and governed by the provisions of Chapter 12 of the Finnish Companies Act (624/2006  as amended) concerning capital loans (in Finnish: pääomalaina).5. Nominal valueEach Note shall have a nominal value of EUR 1 000.6. InterestThe Notes shall accrue no interest; except  however  if the Issuer is not able to issue the Shares which are admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date (as defined in Paragraph 8.2)  in addition to any other remedies that the Investor may have in such a situation the outstanding principal balance of the Notes issued in connection with such Tranche Warrant shall bear interest at the rate of ten per cent (10%) per annum on the basis of a 360 day year. Such interest shall accrue from and including the date which is five (5) Days after the Conversion Date until such default is cured  and shall be compounded monthly.7. Redemption7.1. The Issuer shall have no right to early redeem any Note.7.2. If Notes have not been converted by the Note holder prior to their Maturity Date  (i) the Issuer shall not redeem in cash the outstanding principal amount under the Notes on the Maturity Date and (ii) the Investor shall convert all outstanding Notes on the Maturity Date.7.3. Notwithstanding the above  at the Note holder’s discretion  the Issuer is required to early redeem in cash all or any Notes held by the applicable Note holder in the following circumstances:(i) failure to issue new Shares to each Note holder in accordance with the terms of the Agreement (for example in case of late delivery of the new Shares); or(ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default  a Material Adverse Effect or a Change of Control under the Agreement.7.4. In the event of redemption in cash  the Issuer shall pay to each Note holder the aggregate outstanding principal amount of its Notes  in accordance with Paragraph 8 of these characteristics of the Notes.8. Conversion; Termination of Conversion Rights8.1. Conversion of the Notes into Shares of the Issuer; Conversion PeriodUnless it has terminated its conversion rights pursuant to Paragraph 8.5 of these characteristics of the Notes  each Note holder shall have the right at any time as of any Closing Date  up to and including the Maturity Date (the ""Conversion Period"")  to convert all or any of the Notes into new Shares  and to determine the number of Notes to be converted  and the corresponding aggregate principal amount so converted (the “Conversion Amount”). Instead of issuing to the Note holder new Shares upon conversion  the Issuer may also transfer to the Note holder the corresponding number of treasury Shares upon conversion.Each Note holder is allowed to make multiple conversions of Notes as long as it stays within the outstanding Principal Amount.8.2. Conversion Date; NoticeEach Note holder may convert all or any of its Notes on any Trading Day of its choice during the Conversion Period  effective at the date of receipt by the Issuer of a Conversion Notice in accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes (the ""Conversion Date"").On each chosen Conversion Date  each Note holder shall convert all or any of its Notes by giving Notice to the Issuer (the “Conversion Notice”)  using the form attached in Schedule 5 and specifying a number of Notes to be converted and the corresponding Conversion Amountin accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes. The Company must confirm the due receipt of the Conversion Notice in writing to the Investor within one Business Day from the due issuance of such Conversion Notice by the Investor.The Issuer shall in turn issue the new Shares to the relevant Note holder in accordance with these terms and conditions.The Shares upon conversion shall be issued in bearer form and the Issuer shall use its best efforts that the Shares shall be transferred to the Investor’s book-entry account at Euroclear Finland within five (5) Trading Days following the Conversion Date. Issuer shall be liable for  and shall indemnify the Investor against  any losses resulting from a delay  caused by the Issuer  over the aforementioned five (5) Trading Days.8.3. Conversion RatioThe number of new Shares issued by the Issuer to the relevant Note holder upon conversion of one or several Notes in accordance with Paragraph 8.1 of these characteristics of the Notes will be calculated as the Conversion Amount divided by the Conversion Price.If the issuance of new Shares would result in the issuance of a fraction of a Share  the Issuer shall round such fraction of a Share up to the nearest whole Share.The new Shares shall be fully paid by set-off against the Conversion Amount that will come in deduction from the Principal Amount. Such conversion shall not require the payment of any fee or charge by the relevant Note holder.If the Conversion Price on the Conversion Date is equal to or lower than EUR 0.10 (ten cents)  the ongoing cool down period (as specified in the Agreement) on such Conversion Date and the Maturity Date shall be extended by the number of days until the Conversion Price exceeds EUR 0.10 (ten cents)  at which time the Shares upon conversion shall be issued automatically without further notice from the Note holder.The Issuer shall promptly deliver freely tradable Shares to the relevant Note holder upon each conversion of Note(s). The Issuer shall use its best efforts that the issuance of the Shares and their admission to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd shall occur no later than three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date.Upon conversion of Notes  if the relevant Note holder does not receive the relevant Shares as provided for in the paragraph above  and if the early redemption of the Notes was not requested by the relevant Note holder  at the Note holder’s discretion  the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Note holder an amount equal to the difference (if positive) between the closing price of the Share three (3) Trading Days after the Conversion Date and the closing price of the Share on the day immediately prior to the date on which the relevant Shares are effectivelyreceived by the relevant Note holder  for each new Share which was issued upon the relevant conversion of Notes.If the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares to a Note holder upon conversion of Notes  and if the early redemption of the Notes was not requested by the relevant Note holder  at the Note holder’s discretion  the relevant Notes shall be acquired by the Issuer  on the Trading Day following the Conversion Date  for a price equal to the number of new Shares which should have been issued to it upon conversion of the Notes multiplied by the closing price of the Share on the day prior to the Conversion Date. Such acquired Notes shall be cancelled by the Issuer.Any payment to a Note holder made by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 8.3 of these characteristics of the Notes shall be made by the Issuer to the relevant Note holder in cash  by wire transfer to a bank account notified by the relevant Note holder to the Issuer  in immediately available  freely transferable funds in Euros.8.4. Rights attached to the SharesThe new Shares issued upon conversion of the Note(s) shall be subject to all provisions of the By-Laws and to decisions of the general meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer. The new Shares shall be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as from their issuance  be freely tradable  will carry immediate and current dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to and fungible with the existing Shares.8.5. Termination of Conversion RightThe right of each Note holder to convert the Notes pursuant to this Paragraph 8 shall terminate on the date on which the Notes are fully converted.9. Note holders’ rights in cert ain circumstancesIf the Company  prior to a conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to issue Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares so that the shareholders shall have the pre- emptive subscription right  the Note holder shall have the same or equal right as the shareholders. The equality is reached by the means resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith (i) by giving to the Note holder the same priority to the subscription of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares as given to the shareholders or (ii) by adjusting the Conversion Price or (ii) by combining the alternatives (i) and (ii) above. In other cases  the issuance of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  distributes dividends or funds from the fund for Company’s invested own free equity or lowers its share capital bydistributing share capital to the shareholders  this will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to acquire or redeem its own Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares under Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies Act in accordance with Chapters 3 or 15 of the Finnish Companies Act  this will not require actions from the Company (or the Note holders) in relation to Notes  and this will not affect the Conversion Price or the other terms and conditions of the Notes.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to merge with another company as a merging company or with a company to be formed in a combination merger or if the Company decides to fully demerge its business activities  the Note holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the board of directors of the Company prior to resolution on the merger or demerger  to convert the Note(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the conversion right  no conversion right shall exist anymore.If the Company  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  decides to change its legal form to a private company  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Investor within fifteen(15) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement.If  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  a Company’s shareholder holds Shares and votes in excess of 90 per cent and this leads to the realization of the redemption right and redemption obligation under Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Note holder within five (5) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement. Alternatively  the Note holder has a right to request that the Note holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company after the Company has become aware of the above situation  to convert the Note(s) into Shares.If  prior to conversion of the Note(s) into Shares  the Company is placed into liquidation or removed from the Trade Register  all Notes then outstanding shall become automatically redeemable in cash and the principal amount of such Notes shall be paid back to the Note holder within fifteen (15) Trading Days as of the date of termination of the Agreement.APPENDIX 2: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTS (WITHOUT SCHEDULES)TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE WARRANTSDefinitions usedAffiliate Means a person or entity that directly or indirectly controls  is controlled by  or is under common control with  another person or entity. Examples of an affiliate include executive officers  directors  large stockholders  subsidiaries  parent entities and sister companies.Agreement Means the agreement entered into between the Investor and the Company for the issuance of and subscription to the Notes and the Warrants  as may be amended from time to time.Company Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 8  50100 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Daily VWAP Means  as of any Trading Day  the daily volume weighted averageprice of the Share on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as reported by Bloomberg.Exercise Price of WarrantsMeans 110% of the lowest Daily VWAP in the 15 Trading Days immediately preceding the request to issue the relevant tranche.Investor Means Winance  a company incorporated under the laws of Cayman Islands  having its registered address at Vistra (Cayman) Limited  P.O. Box 31119 Grand Pavilion  Hibiscus Way  802 West Bay Road  Grand Cayman  KY1 – 1205 Cayman Islands  registered with the Registrar of Companies Cayman Islands  under registration number 335554.Issuer Means Valoe Oyj  a Finnish public limited company incorporated under the laws of Finland having its registered office at Insinöörinkatu 5  50150 Mikkeli  Finland  and registered with the business identity code 0749606-1.Note(s) Means the convertible loan notes of the Company in an aggregate principal maximum amount of EUR 5 000 000  each Note being EUR 1 000  having the characteristics described in terms and conditions of the Notes.Shares Means the shares of the Issuer.Trading Day Means any day during which Nasdaq Helsinki is open for business provided that “Trading Day” shall not include any day on which the Shares are scheduled to trade on such market for less than 4.5 hours (it being specified for the avoidance of doubt that any day during which there would be no effective trading would not be considered as a Trading Day if this is due to a suspension requested by the Issuer or the stock market authorities) or any day that the Shares are suspended from trading at the request of the Issuer or of the stock market authorities during the final hour of trading on such market  unless such day is otherwise designated as a Trading Day in writing by the Investor.Warrants Means share subscription warrants  having the characteristics described in these terms and conditions  shall be attached to the Notes of each tranche subscribed by the Investor.1. Form1.1. The Warrants shall be in dematerialized form. Evidence of any Warrant holder shall be included in a register kept by the Issuer.2. EnjoymentThe Warrants are issued with full rights of enjoyment as from the date of their detachment from the Notes to which they are attached (i.e. as from the date of the subscription of the relevant Notes).3. Assignment  transfer and admission to trading of the Warrants3.1. The Warrants may be assigned or transferred without the prior consent of the Issuer  only to Affiliates of the Investor.3.2. Any transferee that becomes a Warrant holder  by whatever means and for whatever reason  shall have the benefit of  and be subject to  all of the rights and obligations arising under the Agreement.3.3. The Warrants will not be admitted to trading on any financial market.4. TermThe Warrants shall become automatically null and void five (5) years after their respective issuance date.5. Exercise5.1. Exercise of the Warrants into Shares of the Issuer; Exercise PeriodEach Warrant holder shall have the right at its option  and effective at any time prior to the Warrant’s term (the ""Warrant Exercise Period"")  to exercise all or any of the Warrants into newly issued Shares in bearer form. Instead of issuing to the Warrant holder new Shares upon exercise of Warrants  the Issuer may also transfer to the Warrant holder the corresponding number of treasury Shares upon exercise of Warrants.Each Warrant holder is allowed to make multiple exercises of Warrants.5.2. Exercise Date; Exercise NoticeEach Warrant holder may exercise all or part of its Warrants on any Trading Day of its choice effective at the date of its delivery of a Warrant Exercise Notice (the ""Warrant Exercise Date"") during the Warrant Exercise Period.On each chosen Warrant Exercise Date  the relevant Warrant holder shall exercise all or part of its Warrants by giving Notice to the Issuer (the “Warrant Exercise Notice”)  using the form attached in Schedule 7.The Issuer  after updating the register where the Warrants are registered  shall in turn issue the new Shares to the relevant Warrant holder in accordance with these terms and conditions.5.3. Exercise Ratio – Exercise PriceEach Warrant will give right to one (1) Share (the “Warrant Exercise Ratio”) subject to any adjustment made in accordance with Paragraph 6 of these characteristics of the Warrants.The new Shares resulting from the exercise of the Warrants shall be issued upon payment in cash by the relevant Warrant holder of the Exercise Price of Warrants.The Exercise Price of Warrants will be determined by truncation after two decimal places.Such exercise shall not require the payment of any additional fee or charge by the relevant Warrant holder in addition to the payment of the Exercise Price.The Issuer shall promptly deliver freely tradable Shares to the relevant Warrant holder upon each exercise of Warrant(s). The Company shall use its best efforts that the issuance of the Shares and their admission to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd shall occur no later than three (3) Trading Days and in any case no later than five (5) Trading Days after the Warrant Exercise Date.Upon exercise of Warrants  if the relevant Warrant holder does not receive the relevant Shares as provided for in the paragraph above  the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Warrant holder an amount in cash equal to (i) the Warrant Exercise Ratio multiplied by (ii) the difference (if positive) between (a) the closing price of the Share five (5) Trading Days after the Warrant Exercise Date and (b) the closing price of the Share on the day immediately prior to the date on which the relevant Shares are effectively received by the relevant Warrant holder  for each exercised Warrant.If the Issuer does not have sufficient shareholders’ authorizations available to issue new Shares to a Warrant holder upon exercise of a Warrant  the exercised Warrant shall beacquired by the Issuer  on the Trading Day following the Warrant Exercise Date  for a price equal to (i) the Warrant Exercise Ratio multiplied by (ii) the difference between (a) the closing price of the Share on the day prior to the Warrant Exercise Date and (b) the Exercise Price of Warrants  as the case may be  divided by the Warrant Exercise Ratio. Such acquired Warrants shall be cancelled by the Issuer.Any payment to a Warrant holder made by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 5.3 of these characteristics of the Warrants shall be made by the Issuer to the relevant Warrant holder in cash  by wire transfer to a bank account notified by the relevant Warrant holder to the Issuer  in immediately available  freely transferable funds in Euros.5.4. Rights attached to the SharesThe new Shares issued upon exercise of Warrant(s) shall be subject to all provisions of the By- Laws and to decisions of the general meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer. The new Shares shall be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd as from their issuance  be freely tradable  will carry immediate and current dividend rights and will be fully assimilated to and fungible with the existing Shares.6. Protection of the Warrant holdersIf the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to issue Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares so that the shareholders shall have the pre- emptive subscription right  the Warrant holder shall have the same or equal right as the shareholders. The equality is reached by the means resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company in good faith (i) by giving to the Warrant holder the same priority to the subscription of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares as given to the shareholders or (ii) by adjusting the Warrant Exercise Ratio or (ii) by combining the alternatives (i) and (ii) above. In other cases  the issuance of Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.Notwithstanding the foregoing  if the Company resolves to split or reverse split its issued Shares prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  then these terms and conditions of the Warrants shall be amended so that the relative proportion of the Shares available for exercise with the Warrants to the total number of the Company’s Shares shall be the same both immediately prior to such split or reverse split and immediately after such split or reverse split.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  distributes dividends or funds from the fund for Company’s invested own free equity or lowers its share capital by distributing share capital to the shareholders  this will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to acquire or redeem its own Shares  options or other special rights entitling to Shares under Chapter 10 of the Finnish Companies Act in accordance with Chapters 3 or 15 of the Finnish Companies Act  this will not require actions from the Company (or the Warrant holders) in relation to Warrants  and this will not affect the Warrant Exercise Ratio or the other terms and conditions of the Warrants.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to merge with another company as a merging company or with a company to be formed in a combination merger or if the Company decides to fully demerge its business activities  the Warrant holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company prior to resolution on the merger or demerger  to convert the Warrant(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the exercise right  no exercise right shall exist anymore.If the Company  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  decides to change its legal form to a private company  all Warrants then outstanding shall remain in full force and effect.If  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  a Company’s shareholder holds Shares and votes in excess of 90 per cent and this leads to the realization of the redemption right and redemption obligation under Chapter 18  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  the Warrant holder shall be reserved a right  during a reasonable time period set by the Board of Directors of the Company after the Company has become aware of the above situation  to exercise the Warrant(s) into Shares. After the above-mentioned time period reserved for the use of the exercise right  no exercise right shall exist anymore.If  prior to exercise of the Warrant(s) into Shares  the Company is placed into liquidation or removed from the Trade Register  the Warrant holder shall be given the right to subscribe for the shares in the Company during a period determined by the board of directors prior to the beginning of the liquidation procedure or prior to the removal of the Company from the Trade Register.7. FractionsAny Warrants holder exercising its rights may subscribe to a number of Shares  which is calculated by multiplying the Warrant Exercise Ratio in effect at such time by the number of the Warrants exercised. If the Shares are listed and if the number of Shares calculated in this manner is not a whole number  a Warrant holder shall receive:",negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,negative,0.04,0.15,0.81,True,English,"['Mass Production Contract', '5,000,000€ Financial Arrangement', 'Working Capital', 'Sono Motors', 'Valoe', 'Winance', 'Funding', 'Signing', 'Company', 'Debt', 'RiverFort', 'lowest daily volume weighted average price', 'Riverfort Global Opportunities Pcc Limited', ""Sono Motors' self-charging electric vehicle"", 'fifteen (15) consecutive trading days', 'convertible note facility agreement', 'one million euro', 'zero interest rate', 'convertible loan note', 'working capital situation', 'working capital needs', 'substantial customer contracts', 'two sequential Tranches', 'cool down period', 'EUR 5,000,000 FINANCIAL ARRANGEMENT', 'The Convertible Notes', 'mass production contract', 'share subscription warrants', 'subscription price', 'Exercise Price', '6 sequential tranches', '2,000 convertible notes', 'significant customer', 'subsequent Tranches', 'four Tranches', 'English Finnish', 'cash flows', 'first quarter', 'negative impact', 'par value', 'several parts', 'conversion ratio', 'respective conversion', 'conversion request', 'nominal value', 'The Warrants', 'Finnish time', 'funding arrangement', 'additional funding', 'Commercial Terms', 'first tranche', 'treasury shares', 'additional shares', 'Valoe Corporation', 'Valoe Oyj', 'total minimum', 'Tranche Warrants', '13,333,333 warrants', '10,000,000 Warrants', '50,000,000 shares', '10,000,000 shares', 'Information', 'February', 'SIGNING', 'COMPANY', 'DEBT', 'Background', 'Purpose', 'Winance', 'related', '20 December', 'end', 'delay', 'financing', 'maximum', '24 months', 'drawdown', 'preconditions', 'right', 'Characteristics', 'obligation', 'remainder', 'discretion', 'holder', 'aggregate', 'parties', 'maturity', '12 months', 'issuance', 'connection', 'charge', 'number']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18204,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605661/0/en/SATO-Corporation-s-Financial-Statements-Bulletin-2022-Improved-customer-satisfaction-strengthened-customer-retention.html,SATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Bulletin 2022: Improved customer satisfaction strengthened customer retention,SATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 10 February 2023 at 9:00 am    SATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Bulletin 2022    Highlights......,English FinnishSATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release 10 February 2023 at 9:00 amSATO Corporation’s Financial Statements Bulletin 2022Highlights January–December 2022 (January–December 2021)The economic occupancy rate improved in Finland and was 95.2% (94.9).Net sales stood at EUR 291.2 million (298.3).Net rental income decreased and was EUR 200.4 million (210.6).Profit before taxes decreased and was EUR 151.9 million (259.4).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR -14.9 million (129.1).Housing investments amounted to EUR 190.5 million (167.1).Invested capital was EUR 4 626.5 million (4 520.8).Return on invested capital was 4.3% (6.7).Earnings per share were EUR 2.13 (3.64).The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that dividends shall not be distributed (EUR 0.50).Highlights October–December 2022 (October–December 2021)The economic occupancy rate in Finland was 95.5% (95.4).Net sales were EUR 71.4 million (75.1).Profit before taxes was EUR -31.0 million (47.7).The unrealised change in the fair value of investment properties included in the result was EUR -58.1 million (14.6).Investments in rental apartments amounted to EUR 68.4 million (50.2).Earnings per share were EUR -0.45 (0.65).Events after the review periodChief Commercial Officer Janne Ojalehto left the company 27 January 2023.CEO’S REVIEWThe reporting year was exceptional. The mood at the start of the year was expectant in terms of the ending of the COVID-19 pandemic of the past two years and the lifting of the restrictions  and the year began with strong economic growth. However  Russia’s attack on Ukraine in February  created a new kind of uncertainty in the world and the war resulted in human suffering.The war’s impacts could been seen in our operating environment as economic uncertainty  rising energy prices and interest rates and high inflation. These multiplier effects showed in SATO’s business operations during the reporting year. We have approximately 25 000 homes in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. In addition  SATO has 522 apartments in St. Petersburg  which make up approximately one per cent of the value of our investment assets. Since the start of the war in Ukraine  we have been reviewing opportunities to withdraw from the Russian business operations and we are searching actively for a solution.Despite the economic uncertainty  there is demand for rental apartments in Finland  and the urbanisation trend continues. The rise in mortgage interest rates coupled with the increase in energy and other costs had a partial impact on the growth in rental apartment demand. Now  also some of the people looking for an owner-occupied apartment may consider renting an apartment.The competition between rental housing providers is tough and a large number of new rental apartments has been built especially in the Helsinki metropolitan area in recent years. The historically high rate of housing construction is slowing. There are significantly fewer housing starts than before  but a large number of new apartments will be completed in 2023. This will maintain the tight competition for good tenants and keep rent increases moderate  despite the pressure for rent to increase in the future due to the rising cost level.During the reporting year  our investments in rental apartments were EUR 190.5 million (167.1). In 2022  we completed 191 rental apartments and 52 FlexHomes. On 31 December 2022  a total of 1 418 apartments were under construction. During the second half of the reporting year  we made a decision to refrain from launching any new construction projects. Our decision was based on the dramatic rise in the cost level for construction and property maintenance and the increase in financing costs  while rent development remained moderate due to the market situation.During the first half of the year  we made a decision to launch new non-subsidised rental apartment construction projects in Rykmentinpuisto in Tuusula  Skanssi in Turku and Finnoo in Espoo. The Rykmentinpuisto project is our first new apartment investment in Tuusula in 15 years and the Skanssi project is the first new apartment investment in Turku in five years.In April of the reporting year  we sold 2 009 rental apartments mainly in the Lahti  Jyväskylä and Oulu areas to the Swedish investment company Heimstaden. The sale was consistent with our strategy of focusing our apartment investments on the Helsinki metropolitan area and its commuting area along the main railway  and in Tampere and Turku and their surrounding municipalities.We continued to develop the customer experience at SATO during the year. The economic occupancy rate improved compared to the previous year and was 95.2% (94.9). Our tenant turnover for the reporting year fell and our customer satisfaction improved. We clarified and simplified the processes and operating models related to the customer experience and focused especially on building a harmonised and seamless service experience. In addition to developing digital services  we invested in our presence near to the customers.During the reporting year  we continued our sustainability work and released our sustainability programme for 2023−2026  our second ever. The themes of the sustainability programme are sustainable housing  thriving communities and sustainable profitability. Our vision is to be a leader in sustainable rental housing. In our own sustainability goals  we have committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).Last autumn  SATO became the first rental housing provider to join the Ostavastuullisesti.fi service  which provides sustainable service and products and tips for sustainable living. A sustainability panel consisting of outside experts in sustainable production and consumption selected six of SATO’s buildings: Lupajantie 2 in Mellunkylä  Helsinki; Jokiniityntie 28 in Kirkkonummi; Lincolninaukio 4 in Keimola  Vantaa; Kotkatie 6 in Espoo and Jokiniementie 46 and 48 in Veräjämäki  Helsinki to be featured on the website as more sustainable options. We also participated in Rakli’s Green Homes activities (which started up in 2022)  with altogether 1 100 Green Homes which had either geothermal heat or consumption-based water invoicing or both.During the reporting year  we focused on supporting the well-being of SATO personnel and encouraged SATO employees to learn and grow continually. Our goal is for each person to be able to come up with ideas in their work and develop solutions for future rental housing. We want for everyone at SATO to have the courage to reinvent themselves and the ability to succeed. During the year  the entire organisation adopted the objectives and key results (OKR) model with which we are working towards better setting of objectives  closer monitoring of results and openness. The constantly increasing complexity in the operating environment challenges both experts’ and supervisors’ competence and thinking. In order to provide support to this end  we launched supervisor training in the coaching management style during the reporting year.I wish to thank all SATO employees for their committed and excellent work. I also wish to thank our partners and the residents of our SATOhomes for their good co-operation during the past year.Report of the Board of DirectorsReport of the Board of Directors 1 January–31 December 2022Operating environmentThe year 2022 began with strong economic growth. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine in February of the reporting year brought uncertainty to the economic outlook  dramatically raising the price of energy and accelerating inflation. The exceptionally high inflation forced the central banks to react by rapidly hiking interest rates. During the reporting year  the ECB raised its key interest rate four times after the summer and it was 2.50% at the end of 2022. Due to the high inflation  interest rate hikes are expected to continue in early 2023. Inflation is anticipated to stabilise during 2023.Employment development was strong in early 2022  but slowed down towards year-end due to economic challenges. During the reporting year  consumers’ confidence weakened to a historically low level after the start of the year  which showed in private consumption. According to the projection made by the Bank of Finland on 16 December 2022  Finland’s economic growth in 2022 will be 1.9 % due to the good start to the year. In 2023  the increase in energy prices and the cost of living is predicted to cause the economy to slide into a slight downturn and shrink by 0.5%.Uncertainty and rising interest rates are slowing housing sales. According to the statistics released by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies in December 2022  sales volumes of new and old apartments clearly fell in November compared to the five-year average. According to Statistics Finland’s preliminary data in December  the prices of old owner-occupied apartments fell in November 2022 in the whole of Finland by 3.4% compared to November of the previous year.The economic situation will decelerate the historically high rate of construction. The number of issued building permits began to fall already in 2021  but plenty of new apartments were and will be completed in 2022 and 2023  which is maintaining tight competition for good tenants and keeping rent increases moderate. The increased cost level resulting from inflation does  however  create pressure to increase rents in the future.The lifting of COVID-19 restrictions and improving employment resulted in a positive turnaround in internal migration to large growth centres in 2022 and demand for rental apartments has begun to grow. This  and SATO’s investments in making renting more efficient and improving customer service  were visible as an increase in SATO’s occupancy rate. Also  economic uncertainty  upward pressure on interest rates and increasing consumer prices contributed to the increase in the demand for rental apartments.Despite the economic uncertainty  there is demand for rental apartments  and the urbanisation trend continues. Dense urban living near services and along good public transport connections is becoming increasingly popular in Finland. The Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku continue to enjoy strong growth  while according to Statistics Finland’s population projection  Finland’s population will start declining in 2031. The Helsinki metropolitan area is expected to grow by over 200 000 new residents by 2040. Close to 80% of the area’s residents already live in one- to two-person households  and the number of small households continues to rise. The proportion of immigrants living in the capital area is predicted to grow from the current 17% to 25% by 2030. Aging populations typically move closer to growth centres and the services they offer  and they increasingly expect housing-related services.The change in the population structure and urbanisation create a stable foundation for demand for rental housing especially in the capital area and in Tampere and Turku. Outside of growth centres  the real prices of homes are declining  which makes acquiring an owner-occupied apartment in growth centres even more challenging for people coming from those areas.StrategyCustomer experience  sustainability and sustainable housing  and SATO employees lie at the core of SATO’s strategy. We want to be closely involved in our customers’ daily lives in order to serve them in the best possible way. We build homes that stand the test of time and we take care of them in line with the life-cycle principles. We enable sustainable housing for our residents and encourage them to make sustainable choices in their daily lives. We want all SATO employees to be able to contribute ideas and participate in developing future housing solutions.SATO is a housing investment company whose basic product is a rental apartment in an apartment building. We focus our investments on growth centres: the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku  because in these areas demand for apartments is the highest and the increase in value is expected to be stable over the longer term. Our operations are geared towards profitable growth.During the reporting year  our strategy implementation focused especially on developing the customer experience  improving customer satisfaction and retention  and ensuring an excellent moving-in experience. We prepared a sustainability programme for 2023–2026  which is based on feedback from our stakeholders  such as personnel  customers and partners. The themes of the sustainability programme are sustainable housing  thriving communities and sustainable profitability. In our own sustainability goals  we have committed to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG). With regard to our personnel  we focused on supporting work well-being and developing an inspiring employee experience  competence and a coaching management style.SATO has set maintaining its investment grade credit rating as a strategic goal. Our return on equity target is 8%. In addition  our strategic goal is to achieve a continuously improving Net Promoter Score (NPS) from our residents.According to SATO’s dividend policy  a maximum of 40% of the cash flow from operations will be paid in annual dividends  depending on the market situation  investment level  the development of the equity ratio and the solvency ratio.Net sales and profitIn 2022  consolidated net sales were EUR 291.2 million (298.3).Operating profit was EUR 198.9 million (304.5). The operating profit without the fair value change of investment properties was EUR 213.8 million (175.4). The change in fair value was EUR -14.9 million (129.1).Net financing costs totalled EUR -47.0 million (-45.1).Profit before taxes was EUR 151.9 million (259.4). Cash flow from operations (free cash flow after taxes excluding changes in fair value) amounted to EUR 141.3 million (107.9).Earnings per share were EUR 2.13 (3.64).Financial position and financingThe consolidated balance sheet totalled EUR 5 184.7 million (5 091.4) at the end of December. Equity was EUR 2 480.9 million (2 351.3). Equity per share was EUR 43.82 (41.53).The Group’s equity ratio was 47.8% (46.2) at the end of the year. EUR 137.3 million in new long-term financing was withdrawn and the solvency ratio was 40.7% (42.5) at the end of December.The Group’s return on equity was 5.0% (9.1). Return on invested capital was 4.3% (6.7).Cash and cash equivalents at the end of December totalled EUR 60.5 million (8.5). Interest-bearing liabilities at the end of December totalled EUR 2 145.7 million (2 169.5)  of which loans subject to market terms accounted for EUR 1 991.3 million (1 994.5). The loan itemisation is in note 26 of the financial statements. At the end of the reporting year  the average loan interest rate was 2.3% (1.7). Net financing costs totalled EUR -47.0 million(-45.1). The average maturity of loans was 3.3 years (4.0).The calculated impact of changes in the market value of interest hedging on equity was EUR 48.1 million (15.1). During the reporting year  SATO increased the proportion of unsecured loans to 88.1% of all loans. At the end of the year  the proportion of unencumbered assets was 89.2% of the balance sheet.Group structureSATO Corporation is the parent company of SATO Group. At the end of the reporting year  the parent company had a total of 21 subsidiaries engaged in business operations (23). Mergers took place during the year in order to clarify the Group structure.SATO Corporation’s majority shareholder is Balder Finska Otas AB  whose parent company is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Housing businessOur housing business includes rental activities  customer service  lifecycle management and maintenance. Effective rental activities and digital services provide home-seekers with quick access to a home  and the Group with a steadily increasing cash flow. High-quality maintenance operations ensure the comfort of residents and that the apartments stay in good condition and maintain their value. We serve our customers in daily housing issues through our customer-oriented service organisation.The competition between rental housing providers has become tighter  as a large volume of new rental apartments have been built in growth centres  especially in the Helsinki metropolitan area  in recent years. Tenants now have a wide array of choices and a successful customer experience is more important than ever. We try to respond to this challenge by adjusting the organisation and our service processes. We want to be closely involved in our customers’ daily lives in order to serve them in the best possible way.During the reporting year we expanded the house expert model further in the Helsinki metropolitan area. At the end of the year  SATO employed 62 house experts and the model is now in use to its full extent in the Helsinki metropolitan area  Tampere and Turku. The house experts take care of the technical building work on homes and buildings. The purpose of our house expert operating model is to create a better customer experience and more efficient maintenance.SATO had approximately 45 000 customers at the end of the reporting year. We measure our successes in customer encounters using the Net Promoter Score (NPS). Our customer satisfaction improved during the reporting year. We clarified and simplified the processes and operating models related to the customer experience and focused especially on building a harmonised and seamless service experience. We invested in developing digital services  as well as our presence near to the customers. We also established closer collaboration between SATO employees working at our residents’ buildings and improved internal communications.The economic occupancy rate improved compared to the previous year and was 95.2% (94.9) on average in Finland. The external tenant turnover rate for rental apartments was 28.4% (31.2). Rental income decreased 2.4% and was EUR 291.2 million (298.3).The average monthly rent of SATO’s rental apartments in Finland at the end of the reporting year was EUR 17.84 per m2 (17.46).Net rental income for apartments was EUR 200.4 million (210.6).Investment propertiesOn 31 December 2022  SATO owned a total of 24 999 apartments (26 791). Altogether 191 rental apartments were completed and 1 was acquired. The total number of divested rental apartments was 2 021  of which 2 009 rental apartments were sold to the Swedish investment company Heimstaden.Fair valueThe development of the value of rental apartments is a key factor for SATO. The housing stock is focussed on areas and apartment sizes that are expected to grow in demand in the long term. The allocation of building repairs is based on life-cycle plans and repair need specifications.The fair value of investment properties at the end of December totalled EUR 5 044.2 million (5 032.8). The change in the value of investment properties  including investments and divestments in the financial year  was EUR 11.4 million (279.3).The external expert JLL Finland Oy (JLL) issues a biannual statement on the valuation methods applied by SATO  the appropriateness of sources of information used and the quality and credibility of the valuation for Finnish investment properties. JLL’s latest statement was issued on the valuation carried out on 31 December 2022. The criteria for the determination of the fair value are presented in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.The change in value was influenced by the increase in yield requirements and the decrease in the fair value of St. Petersburg housing assets.At the end of the year  the Helsinki metropolitan area’s commuting area accounted for 87.3%  Tampere for 6.4% and Turku for 5.1%  and St. Petersburg for roughly 1.2% of the value of apartments.Investments  divestments and property developmentInvestment activities are used to manage the housing portfolio and prepare the ground for growth. SATO’s investments in the 2000s in non-subsidised rental apartments total more than EUR 3 billion. SATO acquires and builds entire rental buildings and single rental apartments. Property development allows for new investments in rental apartments in Finland. The rental potential and value of rental apartments owned by SATO are developed through renovation activities.Investments in rental apartments were EUR 190.5 million (167.1). Investments in the Helsinki metropolitan area represented 84.0% of all investments in the reporting year. Investments in new apartments represented 57.1% of the investments. In addition  on 31 December 2022  binding purchase agreements in Finland totalled EUR 114.3 million (96.8).During the reporting year  2 021 rental apartments (26) were divested in Finland. Their total value was EUR 210.6 million (7.9). In April of the reporting year  we sold 2 009 rental apartments mainly in the Lahti  Jyväskylä and Oulu areas to the Swedish investment company Heimstaden. The sale was consistent with our strategy based on which SATO is focusing its apartment investments on the Helsinki metropolitan area and its commuting area along the main railway  and in Tampere and Turku and their surrounding municipalities.The book value of plot reserves totalled EUR 40.8 million (43.4) at the end of December. The value of new plots acquired by the end of December totalled EUR 18.4 million (15.5).The permitted building volume for about 1 450 apartments is being developed for the plots in the company’s housing portfolio. This allows SATO to utilise existing infrastructure  create a denser urban structure and thus bring more customers closer to services and public transport connections.We collaborate with cities when areas are being developed and new housing is planned for them. As a long-term owner  housing investor and housing provider  SATO wants to build nice homes  residential areas and pleasant urban areas for decades to come. During the reporting year  we continued the development of the Hakunila area in Vantaa and Finnoo in Espoo  for example. In Helsinki  we were involved in planning the Mellunpuisto project in Mellunkylä and we continued our collaboration with VR to develop the area it owns in Ilmala. During the reporting year  plots in complementary planning areas developed by SATO were sold to construction companies and other partners  enabling the construction of approximately 175−200 owner-occupied apartments and roughly 25 state-subsidised rental apartments  thus promoting a diverse residential area and urban structure.In May 2022  construction of non-subsidised rental apartments began in Rykmentinpuisto in Tuusula. The area is a collaboration by several parties and the area will include different types of housing. SATO is building 92 non-subsidised rental apartments in the area. The Rykmentinpuisto Pataljoonantie project is SATO’s first new apartment investment in Tuusula in more than 15 years.In August 2022  SATO signed a deed to buy from Lujatalo an apartment building which is being built in Skanssi  Turku. The eight-storey building under construction at the address Sorakatu 9 will have 77 new rental apartments. This is SATO’s first new apartment investment in Turku in five years. Construction was begun in August 2022 and the apartments will be ready for residents at the end of 2023.We are building 257 new rental apartments at Peijinkuja in Finnoo  Espoo. Construction began in August 2022 and the apartments will be completed in stages during autumn 2024. The project is based on long-term development work in which we drew up a new local plan with the City of Espoo for a property that SATO owns in the old low-rise area of Hannus  which formerly featured terraced houses. The area is being transformed into a new area called Finnoo. SATO’s goal is to continue developing the Finnoo area in the future.During the reporting year  new rental apartments were finished on Lupajantie in Mellunmäki  Helsinki and on Jokiniityntie in Kirkkonummi.Due to rising construction  maintenance and financing costs and the moderate rent development resulting from the competitive situation  we made a decision to refrain from launching new construction projects and we are postponing their launch.In 2022  we completed 191 rental apartments (235) and 0 owner-occupied apartments (71) and 52 FlexHomes (0) in Finland. On 31 December 2022  a total of 1 418 apartments (1 152) were under construction: 1 418 rental apartments (1 100) and 0 owner-occupied apartments (0) and 0 FlexHomes (52). FlexHome is a short-term ownership concept that enables home ownership with a small initial capital outlay and which the resident can purchase entirely for themselves within five years of completion.A total of EUR 92.4 million (93.6) was spent on repairing and upgrading apartments.At the end of December  SATO owned 522 apartments (525) in St. Petersburg. The economic occupancy rate of rental apartments in St. Petersburg was 92.4% (97.7) on average. Since the start of the war in Ukraine  we have been reviewing opportunities to withdraw from the Russian business operations. Based on our studies  a fast withdrawal is not possible. For this reason  SATO will continue to rent residential apartments in St. Petersburg until a way to withdraw has been found. The company is actively seeking a solution.SustainabilityOur sustainability work during the reporting year was guided by SATO’s strategy and our sustainability programme for 2019–2022  which emphasised carbon-neutral cities and the well-being of residents and neighbourhoods.Due to the energy crisis resulting from the war in Ukraine  we increased the efficiency of our energy saving measures and paid more attention to the temperatures of apartments than earlier. We monitor and regulate the heating of some 21 000 SATOhomes using AI. Our goal is to maintain a temperature of approximately 21 degrees in SATOhomes  which is a healthy and energy-efficient indoor temperature. In addition to our own energy saving measures  we actively provided our residents with guidance on energy saving opportunities in their day-to-day lives. At the end of the year  we provided our residents with instructions on how to prepare for possible blackouts in the exceptional energy situation.During the reporting year  we launched a development project related to waste and sorting  in which we surveyed our homes’ waste-collection points and inspected their lighting  the number of waste bins and signage. Based on the survey  we targeted repairs at the sites that needed them and they will continue in upcoming years. Our housing advisors’ tours focused on waste guidance during the year. We pilot tested a clothing collection point on Kauppakartanonkatu in Helsinki’s Itäkeskus.Some of our sustainable development measures are described below under ‘Impacts on the environment and society’.In the autumn of 2022  an external sustainability panel chose six of SATO’s rental apartment buildings to be among the Ostavastuullisesti.fi website’s more sustainable choices. SATO was the first rental housing provider to be included in the Ostavastuullisesti.fi service. Our following buildings were assessed to be a more sustainable choice: Lupajantie 2 in Mellunkylä  Helsinki; Jokiniityntie 28 in Kirkkonummi; Lincolninaukio 4 in Keimola  Vantaa; Kotkatie 6 in Espoo and Jokiniementie 46 and 48 in Veräjämäki  Helsinki.In 2022  we took part in Rakli’s newly launched Green Homes activities. At the end of 2022  we had altogether 1 100 Green Homes which had either geothermal heat or consumption-based water invoicing or both.We participated for the eighth time in the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) assessment. SATO received two stars on a scale of one to five. SATO’s score in the Standing Investments Benchmark (existing properties) fell by one point from last year (score now at 73)  while in the Development Benchmark (construction projects) SATO’s score rose to 75 points from 71 points last year. We report on our sustainability annually in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) reporting guidelines  and the environmental sustainability figures presented in the report have been verified by an independent third party  i.e. KPMG Oy Ab.During the reporting year  we collaborated on a project with the non-profit organisations No Fixed Abode and the Rehabilitation Foundation to help participants in the project find two of life’s essentials – a home and a job. By the end of 2022  10 people who had participated in the project were living in a SATOhome.During 2022  we updated the materiality analysis and released a new sustainability programme for 2023–2026. Our vision is to be a leader in sustainable rental housing during the programme period.In 2020 we committed to reporting in compliance with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework and in 2021  we conducted an extensive assessment of the risks and opportunities arising from climate change for SATO’s entire supply chain. In the framework  the risks are divided into four main categories: transition risks  acute and chronic physical risks and social risks. At the same time  we carried out a scenario analysis to look into how the two- and four-degree scenarios affect society and how SATO should prepare for these changes. During the reporting year  risks caused by climate change were part of SATO’s general risk assessment that is conducted internally each year. In 2022  two reports were made to SATO’s Board of Directors on climate risks and opportunities and their impact.The Corporate Governance Statement is published separately from the Report of the Board of Directors. SATO’s Corporate Governance Statement  Code of Conduct and sustainability programme are available at sato.fi.Impacts on the environment and societyOur objective is to systematically reduce the negative impacts of our operations on the environment. We reduce the load on the environment by regularly and proactively taking care of and repairing homes and properties according to the life-cycle principle  and by building properties primarily in existing urban environments and near good public transport connections.The planning of SATO’s new rental apartments always takes into account energy efficiency and solutions that will last for decades. In new properties  SATO’s goal is energy class A (energy performance indicator 75 or below)  which is significantly better than that required by the building code (energy performance indicator 90). All of the buildings that were completed during the reporting year were energy class A. The average EPI for buildings begun during 2022 was 72 and all of the housing starts are energy class A.We are committed to the Energy Efficiency Agreement targets for the property sector  aiming for a reduction in the total consumption of electricity and heat of 10.5% from the 2015 baseline by 2025.The use of renewable energy in heating significantly reduces the in-use emissions of homes. At every new building and renovation site  we look into the possibility of geothermal heat. We currently have 17 properties that are carbon neutral in terms of electricity and heating. During the reporting year  geothermal heat was being built on 12 properties. In addition  six properties had a solar power plant and solar power plants were being built on nine properties. In 2022  building electricity consisted entirely of emission-free electricity.During 2022  SATO converted the heating system to geothermal heat at the last properties which still had fossil-fuel-based heating  thus taking us a significant step closer to our goal of achieving in-use carbon neutrality.Vantaa Energy and SATO signed an energy partnership agreement in February 2022. Together with Vantaa Energy  we are developing carbon-neutral energy solutions for buildings’ heating and cooling  which will help us achieve our carbon neutrality target by 2030 for in-use energy consumption.During the reporting year  we continued to invest in energy efficiency improvements in SATOhomes in connection with renovations. In renovations  our goal is to improve energy efficiency by some 30% compared to earlier. Due to the rise in heating and electricity prices  energy costs rose overall.During the reporting year  specific energy consumption fell 4.1%  specific electricity consumption rose 7.1% and specific water consumption fell 2.0% compared to 2021. Specific emissions from SATO’s apartments fell by 9.3% compared to 2021 and were 28.2 (31.1) carbon dioxide equivalent kilograms per square metre. Emissions are calculated according to the absolute consumption of district heat. Electricity was generated from emission-free nuclear power.According to the Ministry of the Environment  the built environment causes approximately one third of Finland’s greenhouse gas emissions. The construction industry  together with the real estate sector and their related services  employ more than half a million people and bring in tax revenues for society. The construction industry does  however  have negative impacts not only on the environment  but also society and people. Some well-known examples of the construction industry’s negative impacts are the grey economy  occupational safety and human rights-related violations  as well as irregularities in procurement and delivery chains. We regularly assess and predict the social  economic and environmental risks related to our operations. We try to systematically reduce the identified negative impacts  for example by following our Code of Conduct  by combating the grey economy  by conducting audits and internal control  and by continuously developing our operations. During 2022  we decided to survey the current state of our compliance function in order to gain an overall picture of our policies and commitments.SATO has a whistleblowing channel through which SATO employees and external stakeholders can anonymously report critical concerns.The Group’s sustainability programme is available in its entirety at sato.fi.Development activitiesSATO’s development activities during the reporting year focused on developing sales and customer experience processes and operating models  the renewal of the invoicing processes and improving the continuous development operating model. We invested in developing digital services  as well as our presence near to the customers  and in building a uniform and seamless service experience. Our goal is to serve our customers in the best way possible  regardless of time or place.Based on customer feedback  we also developed  during the reporting year  our processes involving the rental of a new home. The changes made daily work more efficient for our rental team  which also means even better service for our customers. We revamped the reservation of apartment viewings to make them more flexible for the customer and to pilot test the online reservation of viewings no matter the time or place. The apartment viewings were mostly held by our own viewing agents. We updated the apartment application process on the sato.fi website and in 2022 made it possible for our customers to apply for homes using the ‘more sustainable option’ search criterion.In our development operations last year  we also focused on renewing the invoicing processes and we piloted a new invoicing system in summer 2022. The new system offers better opportunities to view up-to-date invoicing information and the plan is to roll it out in full in spring 2023.In developing the business  we adopted a continuous development model at SATO during the reporting year. We defined the roles related to the model and will develop the activities as smaller components rather than large units  which will speed up development work and allow processes to be improved more effectively.A total of EUR 3.2 million (3.2) was spent on development  corresponding to approximately 1.1% of net sales.Risk managementRisk management is used to ensure that risks impacting the company’s business are identified  managed and monitored. The main risks of SATO’s business are risks related to the business environment and financial risks.SATO’s most significant risks are related to prolonged inflation and the resulting rise in interest rates. As a result of the war in Ukraine  the prices of energy  food  materials and commodities have increased dramatically and interest rates have risen. Higher cost of living can have a negative impact on consumers’ purchasing power and ability to meet their obligations. If the strong growth in the cost of financing and maintenance costs continues and the market situation does not provide an opportunity to transfer the higher costs into rents in full  this can have a negative impact on the fair value of investment assets and the company’s ability to finance investments  which means that new investments and renovations will have to be postponed.The most significant risks in the renting of apartments are related to economic cycles and fluctuations in demand and supply. Market risk can increase the supply of rental housing to a point that it exceeds demand. This leads to rental housing vacancies and pressure to even out or lower the rent level especially for the old housing portfolio.A clear weakening in the housing market could have a negative impact on the market value of SATO’s housing portfolio. In accordance with its strategy  SATO focuses its investments on growth centres and on renovating and repairing its existing housing portfolio  thus ensuring the rental potential of its apartments and the development of their value.Changes in official regulations and legislation  as well as the uncertainty stemming from them  may have a significant impact on the reliability of the investment environment and thus on SATO’s business. SATO monitors and anticipates these changes and also calls attention to what it considers to be negative impacts of regulation.The management of financial risks is steered by the Group’s treasury policy  which has been approved by SATO’s Board of Directors. Our financial risk management principles have been defined in the treasury policy. Our most significant financial risks relate to liquidity  refinancing and interest rates. We manage our liquidity and refinancing risks by diversifying the financing sources and maturity of our loan portfolio  and by holding sufficient liquidity reserves in the form of committed credit facilities and other long-term financing commitments. The company established a EUR 1.5 billion Euro Medium Term Note (EMTN) bond programme in 2019.The means for managing the liquidity risk at SATO include cash assets  a bank account limit  committed credit facilities of EUR 700 million and a commercial paper programme of EUR 400 million. We increase the amount of reserves as the financing requirements grow. Our objective is to keep the liquidity requirements of the next 12 months covered by committed agreements.Floating rate loans form an interest rate risk which we manage by balancing the share of fixed and floating rate loans either by issuing fixed rate loans or by interest rate hedges. According to our treasury policy  our objective is to keep the ratio of fixed rate loans at over 60 % of debt portfolio after interest hedging.There are risks related to the business environment in our St. Petersburg operations  including currency risk. The consolidation of foreign currency-denominated assets in the consolidated financial statements also involves a translation risk. Possibilities of hedging the translation risk are evaluated in accordance with our financial policy. SATO has abstained from making new investments in Russia for a long time. Since the start of the war in Ukraine  the company has been reviewing opportunities to withdraw from the Russian business operations. Based on our studies  a fast withdrawal is not possible  which is why SATO will continue to rent residential apartments in St. Petersburg until a way to withdraw has been found. The company is actively seeking a solution. The Russian operating environment is expected to be extremely uncertain and it may cause disturbances in SATO’s business operations in Russia and with parties related to the Russian business. This can affect SATO’s ability to make payments to suppliers  its employees and authorities  and to receive payments from customers  which can have a significant adverse impact on SATO’s business operations in Russia. If the Ukraine war is prolonged  doing business in Russia may have a negative impact on the company’s reputation and it may make doing business difficult in Finland and weaken the company’s ability to procure financing on the market. It may also have an adverse impact on the financial result or operations of SATO’s properties  not to mention on financing costs or values.A more detailed description of risks and risk management is available on the Group’s website www.sato.fi.Pending legal actionsSATO has no official procedures  legal actions or arbitration proceedings pending that would have a significant impact on the company’s financial standing or profitability  and SATO is not aware of any threat of such proceedings.SharesOn 31 December 2022  the share capital of SATO Corporation was EUR 4 442 192.00 and there were 56 783 067 shares. The company has one series of shares. The shares are included in the book-entry system maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.SATO Corporation holds 166 000 treasury shares. This represents 0.3% of all shares and the votes they confer.On 31 December 2022  the Board of Directors did not have authorisation to acquire or issue the company’s own shares.On 31 December 2022  the Board members or the CEO of SATO Corporation did not directly hold any shares in the company. A more detailed description of the shareholdings of the members of the Board is given in the Corporate Governance Statement 2022.PersonnelAt the end of December  the Group employed 325 people (313)  of whom 299 (278) had a permanent employment contract. The average number of personnel was 328 (276) during the reporting year. The Group’s salaries and remunerations in 2022 totalled EUR 21.6 million (18.8).Shareholders’ Nomination CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Committee consists of representatives of SATO’s four largest shareholders registered in the book-entry system on 1 October. If a shareholder chooses not to exercise their nomination right  the right will pass on to the next largest shareholder. The State Pension Fund  the company’s fourth largest shareholder on 1 October 2022  did not exercise its nomination right  and the right was passed to Erkka Valkila  the fifth largest shareholder. The Committee consisted of representatives of the following shareholders: Balder Finska Otas AB (Erik Selin)  Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool (Hans Spikker)  Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company (Hanna Hiidenpalo) and Erkka Valkila.Board of Directors  CEO and auditorsThe Annual General Meeting held on 24 March 2022 confirmed that the Board of Directors consists of six members.In 2022  the members of SATO’s Board of Directors were chairman Erik Selin and ordinary members Esa Lager  Tarja Pääkkönen  Sharam Rahi  Johannus (Hans) Spikker and Timo Stenius.The Board of Directors convened 11 times in 2022. The Board’s work is supported by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.In 2022  Antti Aarnio  M.Sc. (Tech.)  was SATO’s CEO.As the company’s auditor  the Annual General Meeting selected the audit firm Deloitte Oy  which appointed APA Aleksi Martamo as the auditor in charge. The auditor’s term in office is the financial year  and the auditor’s duties end at the closing of the next Annual General Meeting.Members of the Management GroupDuring the reporting period 2022  the Corporate Management Group consisted of Antti Aarnio  CEO  Arto Aalto  EVP  Investments  Markku Honkasalo  CFO  Janne Ojalehto  CCO (until 27 January 2023) and Elina Vaurasalo  EVP  Housing Business.OutlookIn the operating environment  SATO’s business activities are mainly affected by consumer confidence  the development of purchasing power  rent and price development for apartments  the general competitive situation and interest rates.Employment development was strong in early 2022  but slowed down towards year-end due to economic challenges. During the reporting year  consumers’ confidence weakened to a historically low level after the start of the year  which showed in private consumption. According to the projection made by the Bank of Finland on 16 December 2022  Finland’s economic growth in 2022 will be 1.9% due to the good start to the year. In 2023  the increase in energy prices and the cost of living is predicted to cause the economy to slide into a slight downturn and shrink by 0.5%.Uncertainty and rising interest rates are slowing housing sales. According to the statistics released by the Central Federation of Finnish Real Estate Agencies in December 2022  sales volumes of new and old apartments clearly fell in November compared to the five-year average. According to Statistics Finland’s preliminary data in December  the prices of old owner-occupied apartments fell in November 2022 in the whole of Finland by 3.4% compared to November of the previous year.The economic situation will decelerate the historically high rate of construction. The number of issued building permits began to fall already in 2021  but plenty of new apartments were and will be completed in 2022 and 2023  which is maintaining tight competition for good tenants and keeping rent increases moderate. The increased cost level resulting from inflation does  however  create pressure to increase rents in the future.The lifting of COVID-19 restrictions and improving employment resulted in a positive turnaround in internal migration to large growth centres in 2022 and demand for rental apartments has begun to grow. This  and SATO’s investments in making renting more efficient and improving customer service  were visible as an increase in SATO’s occupancy rate. Also  economic uncertainty  upward pressure on interest rates and increasing consumer prices contributed to the increase in the demand for rental apartments.As tenants have a wider array of choices  a successful customer experience is more important than ever. SATO is investing strongly in increasing its customer presence and developing digital services.In line with its majority shareholder’s operating model  SATO Corporation will not publish guidance on its 2023 earnings. The parent company of Balder Finska Otas AB is Fastighets AB Balder  which is quoted on the Stockholm Stock Exchange.Proposal of the Board of Directors for the distribution of profitOn 31 December 2022  the parent company’s distributable equity was EUR 512 557 145.56  of which profit for the period was EUR 129 644 613.16. The company had 56 617 067 outstanding shares entitling to dividends for 2022.According to the dividend policy  a maximum of 40% of the cash flow from operations will be paid in annual dividends  depending on the market situation  investment level  the development of the equity ratio and the solvency ratio.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that dividends shall not be distributed for the 2022 financial period (EUR 0.50 per share for year 2021)  and that EUR 129 644 613.16 is transferred to earnings.Largest shareholders 30.12.2022Number of shares % Balder Finska Otas Ab (Fastighets Ab Balder)31 971 535 56.3% Stichting Depositary APG Strategic Real Estate Pool12 811 647 22.6% Elo Mutual Pension Insurance Company7 233 081 12.7% The State Pension Fund2 796 200 4.9% Valkila Erkka385 000 0.7% SATO Corporation166 000 0.3% Entelä Tuula159 000 0.3% Heinonen Erkki146 684 0.3% Tradeka Invest Ltd126 500 0.2% Research Foundation of the Pulmonary Diseases120 000 0.2% Others (117 shareholders)1 527 603 1.5%On 30 December 2022  the Group had 127 shareholders entered in the book-entry register. The turnover of SATO Corporation’s shares was 1.7% during the reporting year.More information at www.sato.fi.Annual General Meeting 2023The Annual General Meeting of SATO Corporation will be held on March 23  2023.Financial publications in 2023Publication dates for interim reports and the half-year financial report:Interim report January–March: 11 May 2023Half-year financial report January–June: 18 July 2023Interim report January–September: 27 October 2023Further informationCEO Antti Aarnio  tel. +358 20 134 4200CFO Markku Honkasalo  tel. +358 20 134 4226www.sato.fiSATO CORPORATIONATTACHMENTSAnnual Report 2022Financial Statements presentation 2022Financial Statements as an XHTML fileDISTRIBUTION:NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.  Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fiSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2022  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 291.2 million  operating profit EUR 198.9 million and profit before taxes EUR 151.9 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 5 billion. www.sato.fiAttachments,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.07,0.69,True,English,"['Financial Statements Bulletin', 'SATO Corporation', 'customer satisfaction', 'customer retention', 'Chief Commercial Officer Janne Ojalehto', 'new non-subsidised rental apartment construction projects', 'Swedish investment company Heimstaden', 'first new apartment investment', 'new construction projects', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Financial Statements Bulletin', 'Annual General Meeting', 'one per cent', 'Helsinki metropolitan area', 'fewer housing starts', 'economic occupancy rate', 'rental housing providers', 'Net rental income', 'new rental apartments', 'past two years', 'rising energy prices', 'Russian business operations', 'mortgage interest rates', 'rising cost level', 'rental apartment demand', 'strong economic growth', 'The Rykmentinpuisto project', 'new kind', 'first half', 'new apartments', 'owner-occupied apartment', 'housing construction', 'investment properties', 'investment assets', 'high rate', 'commuting area', '191 rental apartments', '2,009 rental apartments', 'apartment investments', 'Net sales', 'economic uncertainty', 'English Finnish', 'unrealised change', 'Housing investments', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'human suffering', 'operating environment', 'high inflation', 'multiplier effects', 'St. Petersburg', 'other costs', 'partial impact', 'large number', 'recent years', 'good tenants', 'second half', 'financing costs', 'market situation', 'Skanssi project', 'five years', 'Jyväskylä', 'Oulu areas', 'main railway', 'surrounding municipalities', 'customer experience', 'tenant turnover', 'customer satisfaction', 'operating models', 'seamless s', 'fair value', 'rent increases', 'rent development', 'reporting year', 'previous year', 'review period', 'tight competition', 'dramatic rise', 'SATO Corporation', '15 years', '522 apartments', '1,418 apartments', 'Highlights', 'December', 'January', 'Finland', 'Profit', 'taxes', 'result', 'capital', 'Return', 'Earnings', 'share', 'Board', 'Directors', 'dividends', 'October', 'Events', 'CEO', 'mood', 'terms', 'ending', 'lifting', 'restrictions', 'attack', 'Ukraine', 'February', 'world', 'war', 'impacts', '25,000 homes', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'addition', 'opportunities', 'solution', 'trend', 'people', 'pressure', 'future', '52 FlexHomes', 'total', 'decision', 'property', 'maintenance', 'Tuusula', 'Finnoo', 'Espoo', 'April', 'Lahti', 'strategy', 'processes', 'harmonised', '9:00']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18205,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4577420-euronext-n-v-euxtf-q4-2022-earnings-call-transcript,Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 10  2023 3:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing...,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 10  2023 3:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing BoardGiorgio Modica - Chief Financial OfficerSimon Gallagher - Head of Cash and DerivativesAnthony Attia - Global Head of Primary Markets and Post TradeConference Call ParticipantsKyle Voigt - KBWMike Werner - UBSHaley Tam - Credit SuisseBruce Hamilton - Morgan StanleyEnrico Bolzoni - JP MorganIan White - Autonomous ResearchJohannes Thormann - HSBCGreg Simpson - BNP ParibasOperatorHello and welcome to the Euronext Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Results. My name is Caroline  and I'll be your coordinator for today's event. [Operator Instructions] However  you will have the opportunity to ask questions at the end of the call. [Operator Instructions]I will now hand over to your host  Stephane Boujnah  Euronext's CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board joined by Giorgio Modica  Euronext's CFO to begin today's conference. Thank you.Giorgio ModicaGood morning  everybody and thank you for joining us this morning for the Euronext fourth quarter and full-year 2022 results conference call and webcast. I am Stephane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext. And I will start with the highlights of the full year and the fourth quarter. Giorgio Modica  the Euronext CFO will then further develop the main business and the financial highlights of the fourth quarter.As an introduction  I would like to highlight three points. First  Euronext is stronger than ever. Euronext is now present in the full value chain and Euronext confirmed its leadership position in listing and in trading in Europe. In addition our revenue demonstrated strong resilience  thanks to our diversified business model.Second  we beat our 2022 cost guidance  thanks to cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Third  we are well-advanced in the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and by the end of 2023  we will reach EUR70 million of cumulative run rate synergies. We are now in a position to upgrade our 2024 synergy target by EUR15 million to EUR115 million of annual run rate synergies.Let me give you some more detail on each of those points. First  as I said Euronext is today the leading listing venue in Europe for equity  and for that globally. And we are also the largest venue for equity trading in Europe representing 2 times the volume traded on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse. We are now a top-ranking Post Trade infrastructure operator through Euronext Clearing and Euronext Securities. This is all the result of our diversification strategy. And this major transformation is reflected in our 2022 performance where 58% of our underlying revenue is now non-volume related.2022 was also a strong year in terms of financial performance. In 2022 Euronext reached record underlying revenues  an income above EUR1.4 billion. This is up plus 13%  compared to 2021. We generated plus EUR120.2 million additional revenue in 2022  compared to ‘21  which was a very strong reference shows as you may remember. This strong 2022 performance was driven by the strong performance of non-volume related businesses and enhanced revenue capture.And in trading  we recorded a very strong year for power and for ForEx trading. The softer volume environment for cash equity trading in the second half of 2022 was clearly offset by significant and efficient management of yield and a real uptick in market share from October 2022. Our Post Trade franchise significantly benefited from the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and Euronext Securities Milan  which were acquired as part of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition in April ‘21. The diversified business of the Euronext Securities allowed us to capture value as settlement activity stabilized in H2 2022.I would -- like especially to highlight the performance of our listing business  which grew by plus 15.1% and reported solid listing activities with 83 new listings in 2022. In particular  we welcomed 20 international companies  which in my view is the recognition that Euronext  Euronext market in Europe are now the venue of choice for listing in Europe. Furthermore our Advanced Data Services business increased by plus 15.5%  reflecting growth across the real-time and non-real-time data business  as well as index growth.Lastly  following the successful migration of our Core Data Centre to Bergamo in June 2022  we significantly scaled up our Technology Solutions business reaching over EUR100 million in revenue now. That's why  as mentioned earlier  the share of non-volume related revenue represented 58% of our top line in 2022 and accounted for 141% of operating costs excluding D&A.And that brings me to our ongoing focus on cost discipline on slide five with a bigger picture on financials. Thanks to strong cost discipline and several positive one-off impacts of the year  we overachieved or revised cost guidance of EUR612 million  down from an initial cost guidance  as you may remember it  up EUR622 million  because we reported EUR606.1 million of underlying expenses excluding D&A. And this was achieved despite inflationary pressures  despite pressure on supply chains that everyone experiences.Consequently  our 2022 adjusted EBITDA grew double-digit to EUR861.6 million. This translated into an adjusted EBITDA margin at 58.7%. Overall  this performance resulted in a plus 5.7% increase of adjusted net income to EUR555.3 million. Adjusted EPS was down minus 4.8% to EUR5.21 per share. And this reflects the higher number of outstanding shares of our 2022  compared to 2021.On a reported basis  net income is up plus 6% to EUR437.8 million. Consequently a dividend of EUR2.22 per share will be proposed at our upcoming Annual General Meeting in May. These dividend represent a payout ratio of 50% of reported net income adjusted for the EUR49 million pretax or EUR35 million post tax one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio announced in Q2 2022. And this dividend is EUR0.29 more than the ‘21 dividend per share. It is an increase of plus 13%.Moving now to the Q4 performance on slide six. Euronext reported a solid fourth quarter for 2022. The quarter was marked by strong performance of Advanced Data Services  strong performance of listing activities offset by lower revenues from business correlated with cash equity volumes. Underlying revenues were down minus 6.2%  compared to Q4 2021 at EUR347 million  reflecting the resilience of our diversified revenue streams in a low volatility environment.Despite softer cash equity derivatives and MTS cash trading activity  the strength of our non-volume related businesses enabled us to report only a slight decline in total revenue. First non-volume-related revenue posted a strong performance overall. Notably  as I said earlier in listing and advanced data services in technology. Second  our trading businesses that are not related to equity markets strongly performed. We notably recorded strong growth year-on-year in power trading and a solid quarter in ForEx trading.Last  we efficiently manage our revenue capture and regained market share from October 2022 in cash trading operations. This translated into non-volume related revenue accounting for 60% of the total Q4 revenue  and covering 130% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A.So Q4 2022 underlying operational expenses excluding D&A increased slightly to EUR159.2 million up plus 1.6%  compared to Q4 2021. And this reflect for cost disciplined approach to cost control and higher capitalized project costs offsetting inflationary pressures. Overall we reported an EBITDA  an adjusted EBITDA of EUR187.9 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%. This led to an adjusted EPS at EUR1.11 per share and an adjusted net income of EUR118.2 million. On a reported basis the EPS for this fourth quarter reached EUR0.93.Clearly ‘22 was a year of transformation for Euronext and we made good progress in our integration process and synergy delivery. The migration of our Core Data Centre from Basildon in the U.K. to Bergamo in Italy was the first key milestone of our growth or Impact strategic plan. This migration combined with continued cost discipline enabled us to deliver EUR34.1 million cumulated run rate annual synergies at the end of 2022 in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Looking forward  we expect to achieve around EUR70 million of our targeted synergies by the end of ‘23 alone with the delivery of several key projects. First  next month we will significantly change the dimension of our unique European liquidity pool  because the migration of Italian cash market to Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq will benefit local and global trading members and will allow an alignment of fees.Second  the other Italian markets will migrate to the Optiq European liquidity pool starting in Q4 2023. And looking further cost synergies with the termination of the Millennium LSEG technology contract. Third  Euronext Clearing would become the CCP of choice for equity clearing by the end of this year  generating revenue synergies. And the following year by Q3 2024 Euronext Clearing will also clear Euronext listed derivatives.Those good progress on integration mean that we are able to upgrade our synergy target. We expect total run rate synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group to reach EUR115 million by the end of ’24. This is EUR15 million more than the amount targeted until now. And this is almost 2 times the initial amount announced at the moment of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition.You may remember that in April ‘21 we committed to deliver EUR60 million of synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Today we are confident that we will deliver almost a double EUR115 million of synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. So that demonstrates once again the strong track record of the Euronext teams in delivering operating performance and operating leverage.On the next slide  I'd like to take a moment to tell you in more detail about one of our key strategic objectives related to clearing. It's a key strategic project. Last month we confirmed the planned European expansion of Euronext Clearing to all Euronext listed derivatives for Q3 2024. As a result Euronext served LCH SA  a notice of termination for the existing derivative clearing agreement on 16 January 2023.As we already announced  the related termination fee of approximately EUR36 million to be paid to LCH SA is part of the EUR150 million envelope of implementation cost related to the growth for Impact 2024 strategic plan. Therefore  this amount will be provisioned in our income statement as a non-underlying expense in Q1 2023 and will be payable in 2024. When we embarked on our ambitions Post Trade Strategy our aim was clear. To offer our clients the benefit of scale and harmonization’s across European markets  while still maintaining a robust local footprint in Euronext market.For all clients this will bring margin efficiencies with the implementation of a new value-add risk model and a single default fund. It will also bring efficiencies across all asset classes with transparency on data  particularly on settlement leveraging Euronext Securities target to securities settlement platform. So the expansion of Euronext Clearing is really critical as it will allow us to manage the entire trading value chain of our markets by the end of ’24  and it will generate significant revenue and cost synergies.Moving to slide nine  we continued to deploy capital efficiently in 2022 through a number of initiatives allowing us to better control our technology and develop new services. First  in March Euronext Securities acquired the General Meetings  Designated Representative and Shareholder's Registers activities of Spafid. This strategic partnership has contributed to the high growth  but had its services offered through Euronex Securities franchise.Secondly  we have internalized the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities in Milan as part of our plan to integrate our full value chain and our technology. In addition  following the completion of the strategic review undertaken as part of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and our decision to divert from non-core asset  Euronext has disposed the U.S. subsidiary of MTS  MTS Markets International Inc.Importantly during this time  we have pursued very actively our deleveraging path  reaching 2.6 times net debt to EBITDA at the end of December 2022. And this compares to 3.2 times net debt to EBITDA at the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Together with our strong cash generation capability  this brings us to around EUR1.5 billion of available capital at the end of December 2022. And our progress has been recognized by S&P that upgraded their outlook to positive in 2022. And as you have seen it yesterday evening  we have been upgraded to BBB plus.So we are very well advanced on our integration. We are confident in our ability to deliver upgraded synergies  because  once again this demonstrates the post-merger integration track record of Euronext teams. And this confidence combined with our favorable liquidity position enables us to continue exploring external growth. We would be looking for assets able to contribute to higher organic revenue growth to provide scalability and to improve exposure to non-volume related businesses. Obviously always in line with our rigorous capital allocation policy.Finally  I'd like to take a moment to highlight the great progress we have made with our Fit for 1.5 degree ESG commitment. We [Technical Difficulty] achievements of this SBTi target have already been implemented such as the migration of the Euronext Core Data Centre in Bergamo  which is powered 100% by renewable energy sources. We are also pleased to announce that Euronext has been included in the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  two indices showcasing European companies that demonstrate a strong role in improving gender equality. And we have continued to push for a broader transition in our markets. We have launched the CAC SBTi index  an index for grouping companies within the SBF 120 that have set emission reduction target approved as being in line with the Paris Agreement 1.5 degree before.So I now hand over to Giorgio Modica for the review of our fourth quarter performance.Giorgio ModicaThank you very much Stephane and good morning  everyone. Let's have now a look at the performance of Euronext in the fourth quarter of 2022. I'm now on slide 12. In the fourth quarter of 2022 Euronext demonstrated solid results reflecting the strong performance of advanced data services and listing combined with an efficient management of market share and revenue capture in a challenging trading environment for especially cash trading volumes.As a result  and as already mentioned by Stephane  Euronext underlying revenue income was only down 6.2%  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 despite the relevant reduction of volumes  notably reflecting the strength of our diversified business mix. Briefly  listing revenue grew 3.1% resulting from a resilient equity and debt listing activity despite the tougher environment. We capture the majority of listing in Europe  remarkable this quarter were the high shares of company from outside of the Euronext market among our listing  accounting for around 40% of equity listing and demonstrating the international appeal of Euronext.Trading revenue was down 12.1% resulting from lower cash equity and MTS cash volume  partially offset by a record quarter for power trading and a good performance of FX trading. Post Trade revenue including -- excluding NTI was down 2.5% as a result of weaker equity clearing activity and a stabilized settlement activity.Advanced data Service revenue increased 7.3%. This was good performance across the offering both on real-time and non-real-time data  as well as on indices. Technology Solutions grew 1.8% driven by the good performance of colocation activity after the migration to the Bergamo Data Centre in June this year.In the fourth quarter of 2022 non-volume related revenue accounted  as Stephane said  for 60% of total Group revenue versus 58% the same quarter last year  reflecting high Advanced Data Services and Corporate Service revenue and revenues from services in general. Lastly  those non-volume related revenues cover 130% of our underlying operating expenses excluding D&A compared to 136% last year.Now I would like to move to the next slide  slide 13  for listing. Listing revenue was EUR53.5 million this quarter with an increase of 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year. This growth is driven by a higher annual fees  the strong performance of corporate service and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time. We have discussed already the impact on IFRS on listing revenues.In detail during the fourth quarter of 2022 Euronext maintained its leading position in Europe for primary equity listing counting 24 new listing of which  as I said  approximately 40% were international companies. In the fourth quarter of 2022 EUR310 million were raised on Euronext primary markets compared to a very strong Q4 2021 with EUR6.6 billion raised on our markets.As far as secondary issue are concerned EUR10.1 billion was raised in the fourth quarter of 2022  well above the same quarter last year. Euronext also reinforced its position as the leading venue for bond listing worldwide this quarter with over 53 000 bond listed across all Euronext market at the end of the year. And this despite a slowdown of the global bond listing activity due to the macroeconomic environment. This translated into EUR226.9 billion in debt raised on Euronext market during this quarter.Overall  this brings us to a total of EUR237.3 billion raised in equity and debt of Euronext market this quarter. Lastly  Corporate Service continued its growth trajectory across businesses despite slightly lower webcast activity in a post-pandemic environment.Let's have a look at our trading business on slide 14. I'm starting with cash trading. In the fourth quarter of 2022  we observed lower cash trading volumes  which were partially offset by efficient revenue capture and market share management  in particular we saw an uptick in market share from October 2022 not at detriment of revenue capture.Cash trading revenue was EUR65.1 million this quarter  a decrease of 17.9%  compared to the same quarter last year as a result of average daily volumes of EUR10.1 billion  a volume decrease of 17.2% and 3% fewer trading days this quarter. Average revenue capture over the quarter was at 0.50 basis point versus 0.49 basis point in the fourth quarter of 2021  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana market and larger average order size in line with pre-pandemic levels. As a reminder  we charge per value and per order explaining the dilutive impact of larger order size on our revenue capture.As I said  we reported an uptick in market share from October 2022 and Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in the fourth quarter of 2022. In the past we were often asked about the sustainability of those metrics. This is why I would like to confirm to you that in 2023  we expect to maintain on our market  the market share greater or equal to 63% and our revenue capture to be around 0.52 basis point following the integration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq  considering current market condition and order size.Euronext has once again confirmed its position as the largest  the deepest  and the most stable liquidity pool in Europe offering the highest quality of executions with market participants. We are excited that our cash trading business will significantly change dimension with a migration of Italian cash market to Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq in the first quarter of 2023.Now  I would like to move to Derivatives trading. Derivatives trading revenues decreased 5.4% to EUR13.4 million this quarter as a result of softer volume environment  partially offset by a positive impact of volume mix on revenue capture and fee changes. Average daily volumes on financial derivatives in the fourth quarter of 2022 were down 12.7% from the same quarter last year  suffering from a strong comparison basis with high volatility in the fourth quarter of 2021.Commodities average daily volumes were down 17.2% in the fourth quarter of 2022  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021  reflecting a normalized trading environment. Over the quarter  the average revenue capture increased for derivatives to EUR0.34 per lot  up 12.5% from the fourth quarter of 2021  thanks to volume mix impact and fee changes.Lastly on Fixed Income trading. Fixed Income trading reported revenue at EUR22.1 million this quarter  compared to EUR24.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. This reflects an economic environment in Europe favoring money market and therefore repo volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in market dominated by increasing interest rate  with continued strong traction for repo trading offset by lower cash trading volumes.In the fourth quarter of 2022 MTS cash reported EUR12.8 million of revenue with ADV down 32.7% to EUR15.4 billion and MTS Repo reported EUR5.6 million of revenue with term-adjusted ADV up 36% to EUR397 billion.Continuing on trading on slide 15. The fourth quarter of 2022 saw a solid performance of Euronext FX in terms of both revenues and average daily volume  benefiting from the continued positive momentum with a high volatility and good traction of our matching engine in Singapore. Euronext reported average spot FX trading daily volumes of $20.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022  up 4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021.Spot FX trading revenue increased 9.5%  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 at EUR6.7 million. Power trading reported EUR8.9 million in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022  a growth of 4.7% year-on-year driven by dynamic volumes increased foot print in Nord Pool in Central Europe  U.K.  Ireland and a continued robust performance in the Nordics.In the fourth quarter of 2022 average daily volume day ahead power traded was 2.98 terawatt hours  up 7.9% with respect to the same quarter last year  and average daily intraday power traded was at 0.13-terawatt hour. This is an increase of 9% year-on-year. I would like to highlight the intraday trading volumes in Central and Western Europe reached record level this quarter.Moving to slide 16. Revenues from our Post Trade activities excluding net treasury income decreased 2.5% to EUR88.6 million. Clearing revenue was down 3.9% this quarter to EUR29 million as a result of dynamic bond clearing activity  partially offsetting weaker cash and derivative clearing activity.As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing engaged in a partial disposal of its investment portfolio. We dispose the portfolio maturing after the 1st of May 2023 and kept the rest until maturity. The runoff for this portfolio is currently ongoing and almost completed. As a consequence  our net treasury income is not yet at cruising speed and this quarter amounted to EUR4.3 million. In this respect  I would like to confirm our target for NTI 2023. In the first quarter of 2023  we expect to reach 10 basis point margin similarly from the margin we have reached in the fourth quarter of 2022. And from the second quarter this year and onwards we will reach our cruising speeds at 20 basis points.I wanted to make a brief comment as well on the upgrade of S&P. What I wanted to highlight is that the upgrade of rating is not only linked to an improvement of leverage  but as well a reduction of clearing risk and our rank anchor rating moved from BBB to BBB plus as S&P has removed the notch downgrade for clearing and settlement risk. This gives us a significantly more upside as far as rating is concerned.Continuing on settlement and other Post Trade revenue including the activity of Euronext Security  the revenues were EUR59.6 million this quarter  down 1.9% year-on-year. This reflect the resilient top line of Euronext Securities  thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilized environment. For settlement  over the fourth quarter of 2022  the value of assets under custody at Euronext Securities increased to EUR6.3 billion.I'm now moving to the next slide  slide 17  Advanced Data Services reached record revenues of EUR54.5 million this quarter  up 7.3% year-on-year  driven by strong traction of our core data businesses and good momentum of Advanced Data solution franchise including quant research and indices. Investor service revenues were up EUR2.6 million this quarter  up 13.2% reflecting continued commercial expansion of the business. Lastly  Technology Solutions revenue was up 1.8% compared to the same quarter last year to EUR26.9 million  reflecting the good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext Core Data Centre  and this more than offset the lower revenues from hosting services.Moving to the next slide  I'm now on slide 19. I wanted to give some highlights on our 2023 cost guidance. In 2023 Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around EUR630 million  compared to the annualized second half 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around EUR620 million. The slight increase solidly relates to growth initiative to develop our non-volume related fund business.In other words  we expect that the cost base of Euronext to remain stable as cost savings and synergies will entirely compensate inflation and business development costs. I would like also to add that on the revenue side  we have performed a deep review of our pricing strategy across products to reflect inflation. And we will have the effect of this activity in 2023.I would like as well to do a few comments on integration costs. Stephane has already partially covered that. Following the termination of our derivative clearing agreement  we will post the provision this quarter of around EUR36 million covering termination and migration costs. For the sake of clarity  this does not change our target of integration cost  which is set at EUR150 million. In addition  I would like to confirm our previous guideline in terms of integration cost per quarter that for 2023 will range in between EUR10 million and EUR15 million depending on the quarter.Moving now to the next slide. This brings us to the EBITDA bridge. Euronext adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was down 12% to EUR187.9 million  mainly from lower volume environment partially as we discussed offset by non-volume related revenue growth and maintain cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Indeed despite the pressures of inflation and despite the deployment of our strategic plan cost remain contained this quarter  as Stephane mentioned earlier  we beat our revised 2022 cost target of EUR612 million  initially set at the beginning of the year at EUR622 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased as a consequence by 3.5 points  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 to 54.1%.Moving to slide 21 for the bridge on net income. Adjusted net income this quarter was down 18.2% to EUR118.2 million  resulting from lower EBITDA  partially offset by the following elements. First lower D&A as in the first quarter of 2021 we had some write-offs as the one of the brand name of VP Securities  with as well lower net financing expenses mainly linked to the positive impact of higher interest rates  there are many moving parts in this number  but in summary  the positive impact of the interest rate on our interest income reported in the fourth quarter of 2022 is higher than the benefit from the interest rate swap we had in the fourth quarter of 2021 and it was terminated in 2022.And then I would like to highlight as well higher results from equity investment  representing the contribution of LCH SA and the dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in last year Euroclear paid its dividend in Q1 and Q3. I would like to highlight that the non-underlying cost in this bridge are mainly represented by D&A and more specifically related to the PPA amortization of our acquisition.Lastly  tax for the fourth quarter of 2022 was EUR38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter. Reported net income was EUR99.3 million  and adjusted EPS basic was down 18% this quarter  EUR1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS basic as well of EUR1.35 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021. This reflects higher number of outstanding share of the quarter compared to last year.Moving to slide 22 for the cash flow generation and leverage. The net operating cash flow post tax amounted for a negative EUR147.1 million  compared to a positive EUR145.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. This negative flow was impacted by a change in working capital related to Nord Pool CCP activities for EUR276 million.As we will see in the next slide  the balancing item of this negative cash flow is a reduction of the cash in transit for EUR297 million. Excluding the impact of on working capital from Nord Pool and Euronext Clearing  CCP activities net operating cash flow post tax accounted for 55.3% of EBITDA.Our net debt to EBITDA as reminded by Stephane was at 2.6 times in the fourth quarter of 2022  compared to 4.3 times in the third quarter of 2022  that was positively impacted by higher cash in transit as we just discussed included in the cash and cash equivalents. Excluding the EUR49 million non-underlying one-off loss on NTI  the net debt to last 12 months reported EBITDA was at 2.4 times in the fourth quarter of 2022.Moving on to the slide 23 for the evolution of our liquidity position over the quarter. As described on previous slide  you can see the impact of the short movement in working capital related to Nord Pool CCP activities in the net operating cash flow. As an illustration  our liquidity position remains strong  above EUR1.5 billion  including the undrawn revolving credit facility for EUR600 million  and excluding the cash currently in transit.As Stephane highlighted  while the integration of Borsa Italiana is on track  we can look for external growth opportunities  thanks to this strong liquidity position and improvement in our rating profile.And this completes my presentation  and now I give the floor back to Stephane.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Giorgio. As you have seen 2022 was a real pivotal year  we took advantage of our diversified business model  our business model which is much more diversified than many people think. We strengthened our core business with continuous leadership not only on listing and on trading  but also a very strong development in other businesses. We maintained our trademark cost discipline in an inflationary environment  which has affected everyone.And we have put the key projects of the Borsa Italiana Group integration on a very good track  hence our commitments in terms of synergy delivery for the years to come. So 2023  ‘22 has demonstrated that Euronext has the recipe for success  for cash flow generation even in tough environments. Also 2022 paved the way for future growth in Euronext now 2023 will be a real transformational year.First  our cash trading market share is expected to remain greater or equal to 63% and our revenue capture for the cash equity trading business to remain above what we call to 0.52 bps in 2023 after the Borsa Italiana markets migration to Optiq.Second our continued cost discipline and achieved synergies will enable us to offset inflation. The slight increase in cost only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives and savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development cost. So the superior track record of Euronext in post-merger integration will translate -- will continue to translate in a strong cost discipline.Third  as a result  we have great  our 2024 run rate synergy target to reach almost twice the level of the first announced synergies back to the time of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition announcement to what will be EUR115 million of run rate synergies by the end of ‘24. ‘23 will be pivotal  as I said  with the delivery of the key strategic projects that have been highlighted by Giorgio and I early on. And the continued cost optimization that will lead to EUR70 million of cumulated run rate synergies at the end of '23.And fourth  combined with our fast deleveraging  since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group and as demonstrated by the BBB plus upgrade by S&P announced yesterday evening  we are now in the right position to look for possible external growth in the respect obviously of our strong investment criteria of return on capital employed above WACC after three or five years -- three years to five years.So thanks for your attention. We are now ready to take your questions together with Giorgio Modica  Anthony Attia  the Global Head of Primary Markets and Post Trade  and Simon  Head of Cash and Derivatives trading.Question-and-Answer SessionOperatorThank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from line  Kyle Voigt from KBW. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Kyle VoigtHi  good morning. Maybe a couple of questions from me. First question is just on pricing  some of your peers globally have spoken about taking larger pricing adjustment in 2023 given the inflationary backdrop  and I believe you mentioned that in your prepared remarks that you also took some inflationary adjustments. Just wondering how you viewed pricing in 2023 versus prior years. And in which lines we should really expect the most material pricing adjustments to come through?And then also just a question on the synergy realization slide in the deck and the timeline there. Obviously  some of the key dates are for the fourth quarter of 2023  so quite late in the year. So when we think about your 2023 underlying cost guidance  I'm just trying to get a sense of what level of actual realized cost synergies are embedded within that as that may help us think about the expense trajectory into 2024. And given those timing of synergies  is it possible that underlying costs may actually be down in 2024 versus 2023? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThank you. So  Giorgio will answer your two questions  the first on pricing and the second one on the phasing of synergy delivery.Giorgio ModicaSo thank you very much for your questions. So with respect to pricing  I guess that the best way to describe what we were going to do is that mostly price are going to be increased in the non-trading activities. And the increase that we will have are around  I would say  mid-single-digit than some slightly more  some slightly less. But this gives you a sense of how much our non-volume related business will grow in terms of pricing.And if you consider that 60% of our business is non-volume related  this gives you a bit of an idea of what would be the price increase impact on our top line next year  excluding any other variables. So it's around mid-single-digit time 60%. Then on the line  this price increase we laid  I mean  I believe I indirectly answered saying that it's not really going to be the trading lines  but the other line. So this is for the first question.When it comes to the synergies  the way I can answer your question is the following. Let's start from the synergies that we have delivered run rate this quarter. So at the end of December 2022  we have reached EUR34 million of run rate synergies. What this means is that part of the synergies will hit the P&L in 2023. And this is going as well to contribute to making sure as I described that the key cost of the organization will remain flat from a P&L perspective.Then coming to the delivery of synergies next year  a few elements  there is going to be an important moment with the migration of Optiq in the first quarter  and this will have -- impact our P&L right after the migration. But then  you are correct  there are other cost and savings that are going to be delivered in the fourth quarter this year with the impact on the P&L of next year.So then  my last comment is that  this year we will deliver a combination of revenues and cost synergies. And as far as the revenue synergies  again  I already mentioned the Optiq integration  but we will have as well the launch of our clearing activities on equities.Kyle VoigtThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line  Mike Werner from UBS. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Mike WernerThank you very much for the presentation and the explanations  all very  very helpful. Two questions from me please. In terms of the market share in cash equity trading  and we know you've adjusted your pricing schedule  I think it was in November  we saw an uptick in market shares into the year end. The data that I collect  which certainly is not perfect implies that market shares have trended lower in January and ultimately in the first couple of days of February. So I was wondering if you can confirm if that's what you're seeing.And then B  just wondering  is this -- is that price adjustment in November  kind of  your final take  is this something where we could see further adjustments ultimately to protect the market share as we look at over the next couple of months?And then on the second question  just thinking about deleveraging  and I think the debt to EBITDA was 2.6 times at the end of this year  very similar level at the end of 2021. I know there was a bunch of restructuring costs throughout the year. But as we look out to 2023 kind of given your guidance on restructuring costs  how should we think about the pace of deleveraging throughout ‘23  assuming no M&A or no other factors involved? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo  Simon Gallagher will answer your first question on market share and yield and prices. And Giorgio Modica will answer your question on deleveraging pace and phasing.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So to answer the first question on market share  so you're right  we implemented a first batch of measures on pricing and liquidity programs in November last year  which was successful  which resulted in a three-point uplift in market share over the quarter. And certainly since the start of the year  what we're seeing is that volumes are soft  there is a lack of real economy liquidity in the market  which has had a slightly downward influence on market share because regulated markets tend to have a higher proportion of real economy flow than the alternative trading venues. And so  that's what we see as the primary explanation for the first quarter.To answer your second question  the answer is resolutely  no. This is obviously not the end of the pricing measures we are taking  and the changes in liquidity we are making. There will be further adjustments to the flagship liquidity schemes in March  alongside as Stephane and Giorgio mentioned the pricing adjustments to the Italian market post migrations. These price changes and liquidity schemes will not be yield dilutive. They will be pushing our liquidity providers a bit more and adjusting the intricacies of the LP schemes. So this is not the end of the story. Obviously  this is a very dynamic and ongoing process.Mike WernerThank you very much.Giorgio ModicaYes  when it comes to the deleveraging profile  I can confirm a few elements. Now  I believe you are the target for dividends  so it's EUR236 million. And then the other element is that we confirm two-thirds cash flow conversion post tax from EBITDA. So with these two elements  I believe that now we have  I mean  we have guided with respect to the non-underlying costs are related to the termination of the agreement. Those are the key elements of the equation. So again to summarize  around 66% cash flow conversion post tax  and EUR236 million of dividends to be expected in 2023.Mike WernerThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line  Haley Tam from Credit Suisse. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Haley TamGood morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Could I ask a couple about the revenue capture please in the equity market. So first of all  the Q4 revenue yield of 0.5 basis points was a step down from 0.53 in Q3? And if I've heard you correctly  you're saying that the supplemental liquidity provider scheme adjustments you've made are not yield dilutive. So I wonder if you could help us walk through that step down from 0.53 to 0.5  please just to understand the dynamics there?And then the second question  just to understand your assumptions for 2023  market share more than 63% to revenue capture 0.52 basis points. Are both of those numbers for after the Borsa Italiana migration or are they numbers that I should assume for the average through the year? And I do know that 63% is less than the 65% market share you had in Q4. So I just wondered if you could comment on that? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahOkay  so Simon Gallagher will answer your two questions on the revenue capture and on the phasing of the market share evolutions.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So I'll break down very precisely the variance in yield from 0.53 to 0.5. In the numbers are included a small number of non-equity items  so it's the Warrants and Certificates and ETFs notably. So if we break down the 0.03  0.01 of that was due to non-equity items this variance in volumes in non-equity businesses  which are ETFs and the Warrants and Certificates. So that leaves 0.02 basis points imputable to cash equity yield. Two-thirds of this 0.02 was due to changes in the order sizes.And so  how does this impact the 0.02? When markets tend to be a bit less  there's less volatility in the markets  order sizes as we've seen recently  order sizes tend to go up a little bit  which means there is less arbitrage opportunities from the electronic liquidity providers  which means order sizes go up in the market. And this interacts with certain features of our fee grid where we have fixed euro fees per executed order.And so this is two-thirds of that 0.02 is imputable to order sizes. One-third of the 0.02 can be imputable to other features of the fee grid  including partially to the SLP changes we made in the supplemental liquidity scheme. So if you break down -- if you break it down that way  the changes we make to the SLP scheme are largely immaterial in terms of impacts on yield. And there will be further yield accretive changes to the SLP scheme from the second quarter onwards.With respect to the second question  the market share number  I think can be seen as an average over the year as a base. And the yield  the revenue traction number is a -- and the market share is obviously a floor we see and is the minimum we are targeting. And the yield extraction number is post -- is the run rate post the Italy migration.Haley TamThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Bruce Hamilton from Morgan Stanley. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Bruce HamiltonHi  good morning  and thanks very much for the presentation and Q&A. I guess firstly just going back to the synergies  obviously encouraging that you've increased those. But could you break out the EUR115 million between revenues and costs? And just going back to the earlier question  given the consensus assumes  I think a reduction in absolute costs in 2024  is that kind of consistent with the way you're thinking about the cost synergies?And then secondly on M&A and balance sheet flexibility. In terms of your sort of EUR1.5 billion of capacity  I can see on slide 23 you've laid out  how you get there. But what's the sort of net debt EBITDA that you would be comfortable going up to temporarily to do a deal? And then just an update on what the -- what you'd view your current WACC as  as well would be helpful. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo Giorgio will answer your question on the synergies delivery on cost and on the balance sheet and debt capabilities.Giorgio ModicaSo let's start with the first one. I would like to highlight that the increase from EUR100 million to EUR115 million is mainly related to a better visibility on the opportunities on clearing. So this is the first element  then when it comes to the breakdown between cost and revenue  I will try to do my best  but there is a complexity is that  as we said from the beginning  the EUR115 million is an improvement of EBITDA  that includes sometimes project involving more revenue and more cost. So the best breakdown I can provide you with is the following.Let's start from the original target  the EUR60 million. The EUR60 million were broken down as follows  EUR45 million of cost savings and EUR15 million of revenue uplift. Now this EUR15 million revenue uplift  the significant portion of the EUR15 million is linked to the migration of Optiq. Part of which were going and the most relevant part were going to execute in 45 days. And this is clearly pure revenue synergies. Then the other buckets are around EUR10 million EBITDA coming from the migration to the center. And this is already embedded in our number  but involves more revenues  but as well more cost.And then the remainder that was originally accessed to be EUR30 million and now it's increased to EUR45 million is the clearing opportunity. And you will -- and then there are many moving parts because we'll clearly have more revenues  but as well we will need to upgrade and as we are doing the platform of Euronext Clearing. But on the other side  we will not have any more the costs that today we are paying to LCH SA  which are currently captured in our P&L. So this is the breakdown. Unfortunately  I cannot further break down the different project in between cost and revenues. So this is -- this I believe covers your first question.When it comes to the underlying cost of capital  I believe that Euronext is in line what we see as an average of analyst  and again  as I always stress  those are a point in time  so what I can say is that  I don't see a major deviation from what you analysts are taking as an average as our own cost of capital. And when it comes to the max leverage  what I would say is the following. And again  this is very tricky question  because it depends very much on the target you acquire that give -- would give us additional leverage.But as we commented in the past  we believe that in terms of pure debt capacity  we would have a capacity in the range between EUR1.5 billion and EUR2 billion. This is roughly speaking the standalone capabilities we would have to finance and impute that acquisition. And again  I would like to highlight that as you very well know rating and leverage consideration are very much target specific.Bruce HamiltonGreat  very helpful. Thank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Enrico Bolzoni from JP Morgan. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Enrico BolzoniHi  thank you. Good morning. Sorry to go back once again to market share  just a clarification. I would like to understand the market share you are guiding is something that in case you should not be on track to achieve; you would implement some changes in pricing or something else to make sure that you hit it or it's rather you simply saying that in light of your proposition your pricing in your relationship with customer you will naturally achieve? So this is my first question.And then a more general one  possibly related to that. Can you just give any comment in terms of what you're seeing in terms of volume migrating to dark pools  because it seems like these are increasing. And also interestingly the average order size are going down  while historically they have been higher in dark pools. So I was just curious to hear from you on this subject.And then finally  I mean  a number of your peers in Europe and also outside of Europe are increasingly doing partnership with technology providers. So I was just curious to hear your thoughts here. Is this something that you consider as well or you have more -- you think you have internal capabilities to develop all the technology infrastructure that you need to support your growth? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo I will answer your third question on the relationship with the providers of data services and data storage. And Simon Gallagher will answer your question about the market share dynamics and the dark pool development. We have made the deliberate decision to internalize within Euronext and to locate within Europe the businesses that are the most critical ones to our strategy and the operations that are the most sensitive ones to our operational leverage and operational performance. That has led to migrate our Core Data Centre that used to be in Basildon to new -- brand new data center  100% powered by green energy in Bergamo near Milan.We do believe that core data processing  core software  core systems  core data storage  core applications must be located within the European Union and must be managed by Europeans. We do use for historical data storage one of those technology provider that has facilities located in the Republic of Ireland. We do not intend to have critical applications  critical software  critical matching engine related platforms located outside the European Union  nor being managed outside the Group. So this is a deliberate choice we have done  which is consistent with our strategy.Others have done different choices in a different environment with different sharing of value with partners  with different profile of future dependency on third party providers. We have not taken the choice  we have taken the choice to internalize that and that was not done at the compromise of anything in terms of financial performance as you have seen it over the past few years.Over to you  Simon  on the market share and volumes.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So to answer the first question on the two numbers of 63% and 0.52. So this is obviously an equilibrium between these two numbers. And the aim of this equilibrium is to maximize euro revenue extraction from the franchise. We believe that these two numbers represent the optimal trade-off for this year  obviously there is some room  wiggle room around these numbers. But the primary aim here is to maintain our role and our ability to price full value within the franchise across the various pricing segments.I just want to make one point. So beyond the explicit fees of 0.52  what is behind a lot of this is the management of implicit costs for investors  which is the quality of execution on our market. And this has to do with the mark out  the liquidity of our markets  which is by all published papers vastly superior to the alternative market. So this explicit yield number is only a part of the story. And I'd even say sort of a minority part of the story. The bigger picture behind here is the design of our liquidity schemes and the partnerships we form with our partners in the electronic trading community.The second point about dark pools  there's been some small increase in these pools. I'd say two things  dark pools  if you look at the numbers remained very small features still of the European execution landscape. These are low-single-digit -- sorry  below 10% in terms of volumes and is constrained by regulation  right. So we have the 8% cap and the 4% cap on reference price trading venues.And the second thing  if you look at the revenue models of these pools  they actually charge less than that we do in the lead markets. Third point with respect to dark pools we are observing with great interest the movements in the regulatory landscape  and we will be very active in this space. And depending what's happened -- what happens there  there will be potential business opportunities for Euronext as well in the stock trading space. So I think that's what we can say there.Enrico BolzoniThank you very much.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Ian White from Autonomous Research. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Ian WhiteHi  thanks for taking my questions. Just a few follow-ups from my side please. Can you just clarify a little bit  your appetite for M&A at this stage  from the discussion so far  I'm sort of taking away that you'd be happy to consider a transformational deal at this stage  even while the Borsa Italiana integration is still ongoing. Is that a fair reflection of your appetite for M&A please?Second question  just any revised thoughts at all around the medium-term financial guidance that you've given for out to FY ‘24. And finally  just maybe a clarification please on the outlook for NII. I think you talked about getting to cruising speed 20 bps yield  but how have collateral balances trended there over the last sort of few months and what's the outlook there please? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo I will answer your first question on the M&A framework and Giorgio will answer the two other questions on financial guidance. The M&A objectives or the M&A framework remains the same. We want to continue the growth of the Euronext project in two directions. The first one is to remain open to single country or several country exchanges in Europe  who consider being part of a scalable project and who might be interested in joining the largest single liquidity pool in Europe and the largest single order book and the most powerful technology platform. So anything that would make Euronext more relevant for some European market infrastructure is clearly something that we will consider.The other avenue is always to pursue the diversification of our of our top line. The diversification of our revenue mix  because this call is very interesting. There are many questions on market share and yield of the business that represents 20% of our top line today. It's important  I appreciate that. But you may have noticed that over the past few years  we have done a significant effort to diversify in Post Trade  to diversify in other asset classes like energy  like ForEx  like in other services like corporate services in technology et cetera.So we -- the objective Post Trade by any M&A move will be diversification of our top line. And the other objective would be to accelerate growth to capture businesses that have a growth profile that can accelerate the growth profile of the combined entity. So we explore and we analyze all sort of situations. And clearly the fact that our deleveraging has increased  and that the rating has been improved yesterday evening to BBB plus.The fact that the synergies in Italy are in the very good track  hence the upgrade targeted -- that really target that we have shared with you  it gives us more confidence that we need to explore these opportunities again. But nothing very new or fundamental  just an improvement of the surrounding consensus around the same strategy. We'd always  always the same very rigorous framework that we want to deploy the capital of our shareholders in acquisitions that generate a return on capital employed above the WACC of the company between year three and five after synergies. So that's the M&A framework.Over to you  Giorgio on the mid-term financial profile and end of ‘24 guidance.Giorgio ModicaAbsolutely. Let me start with the net treasury income. I will give you a few more details so that you can have a better view. So the first element  I wanted to highlight is that  with respect to when we discussed the last time around the average collateral has actually increased  what we have seen are level at around the EUR22 billion.And in the fourth quarter of last year  these EUR4.3 million that we have posted as NTI represent around zero point -- around 7 basis points. So slightly below the 10 we guided. And this is the result of the fact that interest rates increase more than anticipated. And as you know  during the fourth quarter we still had an important point of fixed income portfolio in run off  but then in terms of euro million this is very  very marginal.If we now move to the first quarter this year  what we will have in terms of P&L is going to be a revenue capture  which is going to be closer to the 10 bps I guided. And we might have in euro million a result  which is in between EUR5 million and EUR6 million. Then after that we will see  collateral should remain in the EUR20 billion type of a range  slightly more  slightly less. And the cruising speed in terms of NTI should be 20 basis points. Then this is as granular as I can be  if you have follow up question  happy to take them.When it comes to the target of 2024  the only one I can put  we will not change the target is that within our current target of EBITDA growth  given the environment we see room for having slightly more revenues for an environment where we will have slightly more cost. So this is more or less the trend  so 5% to 6% EBITDA CAGR remains unchanged  maybe depending on how the next two years will evolve  we might be in a situation where revenue growth is going to be higher and cost marginally higher.Ian WhiteGot it. That's helpful. Thank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Johannes Thormann from HSBC. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Johannes ThormannGood morning  everybody. And some follow-up questions please. First of all on the clearing business again. First of all  why have you delay in the margin improvement from 10 bps to 20 bps? I'm still lacking to understand  and will it be really fixed end of this quarter  or will we probably get next call the message again  we have another quarter running in 10 bps. What is driving this because investors here this is probably  anyway so it's just the worst time of the market?And secondly  on your clearing initiative in general  especially for the cash clearing  what incentives are you giving to the customers to move your business to Euronext Clearing away from LCH  because as I understand in cash clearing the customer has major part of the choice?And last but not least on the cash trading market share  historically you were about 70%  now you seem to be satisfied with 63%  which is also the revenue opportunity for the clearing business. So you're reducing your own revenue opportunity. What is driving your assumption to be satisfied with 63%? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahOkay. So Giorgio will answer your -- the first part of your questions. And Anthony Attia  who is the Head of Post Trade operations will answer your questions on the incentives  the pricing of our operation -- clearing operations and our market share in equity  cash equity clearing.Giorgio ModicaSo  I would like to clarify one element  you seem to highlight the level of surprise  but in July 2022  we expressed a very clear guideline saying that  we would have had 20 basis point in the third quarter  then 10 basis point in the fourth and in the first quarter and then back again 20 basis point. And the result  so -- and we guided for around EUR20 billion level of collateral  which means implicitly that we guided for EUR10 million in the third quarter and EUR5 million in the fourth quarter. The actual result were EUR11 million in the third quarter and EUR4 million in the fourth quarter  which is  I would say  exactly identical to what we have guided in July 2022.So what is happening? And why did we get zero point -- sorry 7 basis point and not 10 basis point  simply that  when you have a small portion of your portfolio  which is fixed income  it means that the rate on the asset side will not change  whereas on the liability side where 100% of our ability are benchmarked to ECB rates  then you pay more. And this has a slightly dilutive impact on the level of NTI.Finally  on your question  is really true that we are going to have 20 basis point in the second quarter? And then  my answer is  yes. As a simple fact that in -- as I said  from the 1st of May 2023  we'll no longer hold any fixed income portfolio and for all of our assets and all our liabilities are going to be at variable rate. And therefore  we will make the spread between the interest we collect and interest we give back to clients. I hope this clarifies.Anthony AttiaGood morning. This is Anthony Attia. Thank you for your question. Let me detail for you the value proposition of our clearing internalization initiatives. They are five main points that I want to share with you. So first of all  we will offer the clearing services for cash equity for all our Euronext market excluding Oslo  but including Italy. So in the same default fund  on the same risk framework and the value-add risk model  we will be able to clear all our cash equity trade. This generate efficiencies on margin and default contribution to the client compared to the current fragmented situation.Second  we will be operating from a state-of-the-art clearing platform that we are currently developing with one connection for all the market. And the use of the extremely efficient set of technologies.Third part  we are working on offering competing clearing fees. There’s no need to get into the rest of the [Technical Difficulty] on from a clearing fee point of view. But it's the combination of these different factors that create this attractive value proposition.And last  thanks to our Post Trade investment on Euronext Securities  our CSDs  in particular in Milan  we will be able to offer extremely competitive settlement fees. And so the engagement we have with the clearing members presently show that we are in a very  very good position to succeed in the migration at the end of 2023. Thank you.Johannes ThormannThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the last question from line Greg Simpson from BNP Paribas. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Greg SimpsonHi  good morning. Thank you for squeezing me in at the end. Maybe a follow-up on clearing  can you just talk about what the current market share of that LCH SA has in your cash markets? What are your expectations for when your next clearing goes live in Q4. And then you have fewer CCP in the background. So just interested in any thoughts on competition?And then a second question would be on  on the mid-single-digit price increases in the non-volume areas  can you share if there's any user feedback on this? Do customers generally just accept the price increases as they're essential or is there any signs that you just might try to say optimize the subscriptions  our market data for example. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo  Giorgio on pricing  and Anthony on the competition on clearing.Anthony AttiaSo on clearing  so we do not comment market share element of LCH SA or the Euroclear Europe  you can direct your questions to them. Nevertheless the setup that will be out at the end of the year is complete for CCP setup  which means that by default the trade done on Euronext Optiq platform will be routed towards Euronext Clearing and if the buyer and the seller select another CCP then the trade will be relative to these other CCP. So far this preferred CCP model creates an incentive for the year  for the CCP of choice to clear the bulk of the trade  because it provide efficiencies the way I commented before.Giorgio ModicaThen when it comes to your question with respect to price increase  it's actually a complicated question  but let me try to answer. So in general terms  clients are not necessarily happy of price increases. However  it is important to highlight that the general environment is -- in this general environment price increase are very common  everyone is increasing prices and therefore as well clients are accustomed to increase their own prices to their clients and receive a request for price increasing inflationary environment. So this is the first element.And we have not received any sign where our price increase were considered to be excessive. And clearly  we have deeply assessed that  making sure that price increase were commensurate to the quality of the service we provide. So this is the first element. Then you seem to refer more specifically to market data. And on that specific angle  what I can tell you is that  if you look  for example  at our -- if you look for example at our results in the fourth quarter  you see that the 7%  a part of that 7% is related to an increase of users.It's related to an increase of streams  which is quite surprisingly in an industry where usually there is attrition in terms of clients and number of terminals. And this reflect the new way of a mix way of working  flat -- part from home and part in the office where sharing screen and terminal becomes more complicated. So to make a long story short  we did pass the price increase that was generally well accepted by clients.Stephane BoujnahSo thank you everyone. As two words of conclusion now  I want to highlight really in my -- what is my view is that -- are the key takeaways of where we are today. We deliver diversification  our revenues are more diversified than they have ever been  and we will continue to deliver diversification. We deliver cost discipline in environment  which is quite complicated with inflationary pressure and we will continue to deliver cost discipline. We deliver post-merger integration for real with major projects already delivered in relation to the acquisition of Borsa Italiana  and new ones will be delivered including within a few weeks’ time with the Optiq migration in Italy.And we will therefore there continue to deliver revenue synergies and other post-merger integration projects. We have delivered deleveraging and we will continue to deliver deleveraging as demonstrated by the BBB plus upgrade announced yesterday by S&P. So we are extremely confident that this strong diversified cost discipline operating leverage focused company with great assets to expand the top line through the extraction of revenue synergies will continue to be extremely positioned to capture opportunities in ‘23.Thank you very much. Have a good day.OperatorThank you for joining. You may now disconnect.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'ranking Post Trade infrastructure operator', 'cumulative run rate synergies', 'annual run rate synergies', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'EUR120.2 million additional revenue', 'Advanced Data Services business', 'Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'full-year 2022 results conference call', 'BNP Paribas Operator', 'Post Trade franchise', 'Core Data Centre', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Technology Solutions business', 'Conference Call Participants', 'record underlying revenues', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'strong reference shows', 'diversified business model', 'volume related businesses', 'real-time data business', 'solid listing activities', 'Euronext N.V.', 'softer volume environment', 'initial cost guidance', 'full value chain', 'volume related revenue', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'leading listing venue', 'strong cost discipline', 'Euronext Fourth Quarter', 'cash equity trading', 'main business', 'listing business', '2022 cost guidance', 'Company Participants', 'inflationary environment', 'strong resilience', 'full year', 'revenue capture', 'strong year', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Managing Board', 'Giorgio Modica', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Anthony Attia', 'Primary Markets', 'Kyle Voigt', 'Mike Werner', 'Haley Tam', 'Credit Suisse', 'Bruce Hamilton', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Enrico Bolzoni', 'JP Morgan', 'Ian White', 'Autonomous Research', 'Johannes Thormann', 'Greg Simpson', '2024 synergy target', 'largest venue', 'Deutsche Borse', 'diversification strategy', 'major transformation', 'second half', 'efficient management', 'real uptick', 'settlement activity', '83 new listings', '20 international companies', 'successful migration', 'operating costs', 'D&A', 'ongoing focus', 'bigger picture', 'financial performance', 'strong 2022 performance', 'strong performance', 'financial highlights', 'ForEx trading', 'Euronext Clearing', 'Euronext market', 'Global Head', 'three points', 'leadership position', 'market share', 'index growth', 'top line', 'Euronext CFO', 'OTCPK', 'EUXTF', 'February', 'Chairman', 'Derivatives', 'KBW', 'UBS', 'HSBC', 'name', 'Caroline', 'coordinator', 'today', 'event', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'end', 'host', 'CEO', 'morning', 'everybody', 'webcast', 'introduction', 'Europe', 'integration', 'detail', 'terms', 'income', 'power', 'significant', 'yield', 'October', 'consolidation', 'April', 'H2', 'view', 'recognition', 'choice', 'Bergamo', 'June', 'non', 'slide', 'financials']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,seekingalpha.com
18206,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/north-holdings-3-supplements-the-tender-offer-document-relating-to-the-public-tender-offer-for-all-the-shares-in-caverion-shareholders-can-choose-the-alternative-consideration-as-of-13-february-2023-301744055.html,North Holdings 3 supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion; shareholders can choose the Alternative Consideration as of 13 February 2023,Caverion Corporation Tender Offer 10 February 2023 at 4.40 p.m. EET HELSINKI  Feb. 10  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- North Holdings 3 Oy supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation; shareholders …,"Caverion Corporation Tender Offer 10 February 2023 at 4.40 p.m. EETHELSINKI  Feb. 10  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- North Holdings 3 Oy supplements the tender offer document relating to the public tender offer for all the shares in Caverion Corporation; shareholders can choose the Alternative Consideration as of 13 February 2023As previously announced  North Holdings 3 Oy (the ""Offeror"") and Caverion Corporation (the ""Company"" or ""Caverion"") have on November 3  2022 entered into a combination agreement  which was amended on January 24  2023 (as amended  the ""Combination Agreement"")  pursuant to which the Offeror has made a recommended voluntary public tender offer to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares in Caverion that are not held by Caverion or any of its subsidiaries (the ""Shares"" or  individually  a ""Share"") (the ""Tender Offer""). The Offeror has on November 24  2022 published a tender offer document  dated November 24  2022  and on January 13  2023 published the first supplement document to the tender offer document  concerning the Tender Offer (the tender offer document  as supplemented from time to time  the ""Tender Offer Document""). The offer period for the Tender Offer commenced on November 24  2022  at 9:30 a.m. (Finnish time) and will expire on February 28  2023  at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  unless the offer period is extended further or any extended offer period is discontinued as described in the terms and conditions of the Tender Offer.The Offeror announced on January 24  2023 improvement to the consideration offered in the Tender Offer  extension of the offer period  lowering the acceptance threshold and renewal of the recommendation by the Board of Directors of Caverion. As announced on January 24  2023  the Offeror supplements the Tender Offer Document with detailed information on the terms and conditions of the improved Tender Offer  including the Alternative Consideration Instruments. The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority has today approved the Finnish language version of the related supplement to the Tender Offer Document (the ""Supplement Document""). The Supplement Document includes the amended terms and conditions of the Tender Offer. The Supplement Document is attached as Appendix 1 to this stock exchange release.North (BC) Lux Holdco SARL (""Bain Luxco"") (a vehicle owned and controlled by funds managed or advised by Bain Capital Private Equity (Europe)  LLP  and/or its affiliates (together ""Bain Capital"" and such funds being the ""Bain Capital Funds"")  Security Trading Oy (""Security Trading"")  Fennogens Investments S.A. (""Fennogens"") and Corbis S.A. (""Corbis"") form a consortium (the ""Consortium"") for the purposes of the Tender Offer.OFFER PRICE OF THE TENDER OFFERThe shareholders of Caverion are in the Tender Offer given the possibility to choose either: (i) a fixed cash payment of EUR 8.50 per Share payable in nine (9) months from the date of the first completion trades in the Tender Offer implemented through the issuance of a debt instrument with the nominal principal amount of EUR 8.50 (the ""Alternative Consideration Instrument"") for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer  or (ii) an immediate cash consideration of EUR 8.00 upon completion of the Tender Offer (the ""Cash Offer Price"") for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer. The Alternative Consideration Instruments will be issued by the Offeror on the date(s) of the completion trades of the Tender Offer with the nominal principal amount of EUR 8.50 and will be redeemed at their full nominal amount upon their maturity on the date falling nine (9) months after the date of first issuance of the Alternative Consideration Instruments. Shareholders choosing the Alternative Consideration will be issued one (1) Alternative Consideration Instrument for each Share tendered in the Tender Offer in connection with the completion trades of the Tender Offer. The acceptance of the Tender Offer with Alternative Consideration may be submitted on the business day following the publication of the Supplement Document  i.e. from February 13  2023. More detailed instructions are included in the Supplement Document and under section ""The Acceptance Procedure of the Tender Offer"" below.Shareholders holding Shares on Finnish equity savings accounts are not eligible to elect the Alternative Consideration Instrument in respect of such Shares for regulatory reasons. Instead of the Alternative Consideration Instruments  the shareholders holding Shares on the Finnish equity savings accounts have the possibility to elect a non-transferable deferred payment right of EUR 8.50 per Share to be paid in cash nine (9) months from the date of the first completion trades in the Tender Offer (the ""Deferred Payment Right""  and together with the Alternative Consideration Instruments the ""Alternative Consideration""). The Alternative Consideration and the Cash Offer Price are jointly referred to as the ""Offer Price"".The Cash Offer Price and the Alternative Consideration have been determined based on 136 472 645 issued and outstanding Shares. Should the Company increase the number of Shares that are issued and outstanding on the date hereof as a result of a new share issue  reclassification  stock split (including a reverse split) or any other similar transaction with dilutive effect  or should the Company distribute a dividend or otherwise distribute funds or any other assets to its shareholders  or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to any of the settlements of the completion trades of the Tender Offer (whether after the expiry of the Offer Period or any Subsequent Offer Period (as defined below))  resulting in the distribution of funds not being payable to the Offeror  the Cash Offer Price and the Alternative Consideration payable by the Offeror shall be reduced accordingly on a euro-for-euro basis. However  each of the Alternative Consideration Instruments or Deferred Payment Rights are not subject to any adjustments after such an Alternative Consideration Instrument has been delivered or a Deferred Payment Right has been recorded to the shareholder but  instead  the adjustments will occur only if the distribution of funds or other corporate event entitling to the adjustment or if a record date with respect to any of the foregoing occurs prior to the settlement of relevant completion trades of the Tender Offer.Bain Capital Europe Fund VI  Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis have given equity commitments to the Offeror to fund the Offeror for the purposes of the Tender Offer and the designated purpose of such equity commitments is to enable payment of the aggregate Cash Offer Price and redemption of the Alternative Consideration Instruments and payment of the Deferred Payment to holders of equity savings accounts by the Offeror.RECOMMENDATION BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF CAVERIONThe Board of Directors of Caverion  represented by a quorum comprising the non-conflicted members of the Board of Directors  has unanimously decided to recommend in its statement issued on February 9  2023 pursuant to the Finnish Securities Markets Act (746/2012  as amended) and the Helsinki Takeover Code issued by the Finnish Securities Market Association (the ""Helsinki Takeover Code"") that the shareholders of Caverion accept the Tender Offer. The Board of Directors of Caverion has received an updated opinion  dated January 24  2023  of Caverion's exclusive financial adviser  Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch (""BofA Securities"")  to the effect that  as of the date of such opinion  the increased Offer Price to be paid to holders of Shares (other than Security Trading  Fennogens and Corbis and their respective affiliates) pursuant to the Improved Tender Offer  was fair from a financial point of view  to such holders  which opinion was based upon and subject to the assumptions made  procedures followed  matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken as more fully described in such opinion. The opinion of BofA Securities was provided for the use and benefit of the Board of Directors of Caverion and does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holders of Shares should act in connection with the Tender Offer or any related matter.THE ACCEPTANCE PROCEDURE OF THE TENDER OFFERAcceptance of the Tender Offer with Alternative Consideration may only be submitted on the business day following the publication of the Supplement Document  i.e. from February 13  2023.Before February 13  2023  acceptance of the Tender Offer can only be made with the Cash Offer Price. Each shareholder of Caverion whose acceptance of the Tender Offer has been submitted before February 13  2023  shall be deemed to have accepted the Tender Offer with the Cash Offer Price.If a shareholder of Caverion has submitted the acceptance of the Tender Offer before February 13  2023 in respect of the Shares held by him/her and wishes to elect the Alternative Consideration instead of the Cash Offer Price  such shareholder must submit a valid withdrawal of his/her earlier acceptance of the Tender Offer in accordance with instructions from the account operator and submit a duly executed acceptance form for the Alternative Consideration. Neither the Offeror nor Nordea (in its capacity as arranger and an account operator) will charge the shareholders for withdrawing their acceptance of the Tender Offer in order to accept the Alternative Consideration in such a situation.A shareholder may only choose to receive either the Alternative Consideration or the Cash Offer Price for all Shares held on the same book-entry account  and  consequently  shareholders may only tender for mixed consideration if the relevant Shares are held on separate book-entry accounts.The shareholders holding Shares on equity savings accounts who have selected the Alternative Consideration will receive  instead of the Alternative Consideration Instruments  non-transferable rights to payment from the Offeror  and to demonstrate these  the book-entries named as other rights will be recorded to a shareholder's equity savings account.Most Finnish account operators will send a new notice regarding the Tender Offer and related instructions to those who are registered as shareholders in the shareholders' register of Caverion maintained by Euroclear Finland. Shareholders of Caverion who do not receive such instructions from their account operator or asset manager should first contact their account operator or asset manager and can subsequently contact Nordea Bank Abp (""Nordea"") by sending an email to [email protected]  where such shareholders of Caverion can receive information on submitting their acceptance of the Tender Offer. Please note  however  that Nordea will not be engaging in communications relating to the Tender Offer with shareholders located within the United States. Shareholders who are located within the United States may contact their brokers for necessary information.Those shareholders of Caverion whose Shares are nominee-registered  and who wish to accept the Tender Offer  must effect such acceptance in accordance with the instructions given by the custodian of the nominee-registered shareholders. The Offeror will not send an acceptance form or any other documents related to the Tender Offer to these shareholders of Caverion.For more information on the acceptance procedure of the Tender Offer  see section ""Terms and Conditions of the Tender Offer - Acceptance Procedure of the Tender offer"" in the Supplement Document. All shareholders of Caverion are advised to carefully review the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document before deciding on the acceptance of the Tender Offer.The Finnish language versions of the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document are available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.fi and www.nordea.fi/caverion-ostotarjous as of February 10  2023. The English language translations of the Tender Offer Document and the Supplement Document are available on the internet at www.caverion-offer.com and www.nordea.fi/caverion-offer as of February 10  2023.Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  key media  www.caverion.comABOUT CAVERIONCaverion is a public limited liability company incorporated under the laws of Finland with its shares listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. Caverion is a Northern & Central European-based expert for smart and sustainable built environments  enabling performance and people's well-being. Caverion offers expert guidance during the entire life cycle of buildings  infrastructure or industrial sites and processes: from design & build to projects  technical and industrial maintenance  facility management as well as advisory services. At the end of December 2022  there were almost 14 500 professionals serving customers at the service of Caverion Group in 10 countries.ABOUT THE CONSORTIUMBain Luxco is owned and controlled by the Bain Capital Funds. Bain Capital is one of the most experienced and successful private investment firms globally  having made more than 1 230 primary and add-on investments with approximately USD 160 billion assets under management. The firm has more than 620 investment professionals worldwide spread throughout its global network in Europe  Asia and North America. Bain Capital has made numerous successful and value-enhancing investments and exits in the Nordic region over the past years. Notably  the company led the successful take-private of Ahlstrom-Munksjö  a global leader in innovative and sustainable fiber-based materials  which was delisted from Nasdaq Helsinki in 2021. Further  from 2012 Bain Capital was the owner of Bravida  a leading Nordic technical installation and services provider  listing the business on Nasdaq Stockholm in 2015.Security Trading is an investment company owned by the Antti Herlin family. As at the date of this announcement  Antti Herlin  Security Trading and Hisra Consulting and Finance Oy  which is a company fully owned by Security Trading  together hold approximately 15.43 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Fennogens is an investment company owned by the Georg Ehrnrooth  Henrik Ehrnrooth and Carl-Gustaf Ehrnrooth families. As at the date of this announcement  Fennogens holds approximately 10.38 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).Corbis is an investment company owned by the Henrik Ehrnrooth family. As at the date of this announcement  Corbis holds approximately 1.27 percent of the Shares and votes in Caverion (excluding shares held in treasury by Caverion).IMPORTANT INFORMATIONTHIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE MAY NOT BE RELEASED OR OTHERWISE DISTRIBUTED  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA OR IN ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE TENDER OFFER WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT A TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR A SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT TO TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND AS SUCH DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OR INVITATION TO MAKE A SALES OFFER. IN PARTICULAR  THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN  AND IS NOT AN EXTENSION OF THE TENDER OFFER  IN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. INVESTORS SHALL ACCEPT THE TENDER OFFER FOR THE SHARES ONLY ON THE BASIS OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT AND THE POSSIBLE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENTS TO THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT. OFFERS WILL NOT BE MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE EITHER AN OFFER OR PARTICIPATION THEREIN IS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR WHERE ANY TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR REGISTRATION OR OTHER REQUIREMENTS WOULD APPLY IN ADDITION TO THOSE UNDERTAKEN IN FINLAND.THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT  THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT AND RELATED ACCEPTANCE FORMS WILL NOT AND MAY NOT BE DISTRIBUTED  FORWARDED OR TRANSMITTED INTO OR FROM ANY JURISDICTION WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONS. IN PARTICULAR  THE TENDER OFFER IS NOT BEING MADE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO  OR BY USE OF THE POSTAL SERVICE OF  OR BY ANY MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  FACSIMILE TRANSMISSION  TELEX  TELEPHONE OR THE INTERNET) OF INTERSTATE OR FOREIGN COMMERCE OF  OR ANY FACILITIES OF A NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE OF  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA. THE TENDER OFFER CANNOT BE ACCEPTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  BY ANY SUCH USE  MEANS OR INSTRUMENTALITY OR FROM WITHIN  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR SOUTH AFRICA AND ANY PURPORTED ACCEPTANCE OF THE TENDER OFFER RESULTING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM A VIOLATION OF THESE RESTRICTIONS WILL BE INVALID.THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAS BEEN PREPARED IN COMPLIANCE WITH FINNISH LAW  THE RULES OF NASDAQ HELSINKI LTD AND THE HELSINKI TAKEOVER CODE AND THE INFORMATION DISCLOSED MAY NOT BE THE SAME AS THAT WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN DISCLOSED IF THIS STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE HAD BEEN PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF JURISDICTIONS OUTSIDE OF FINLAND.Information for shareholders of Caverion in the United StatesShareholders of Caverion in the United States are advised that the Shares are not listed on a U.S. securities exchange and that Caverion is not subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended (the ""Exchange Act"")  and is not required to  and does not  file any reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the ""SEC"") thereunder.The Tender Offer is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Caverion  which is domiciled in Finland  and is subject to Finnish disclosure and procedural requirements. The Tender Offer is made in the United States pursuant to Section 14(e) and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act  subject to the exemption provided under Rule 14d-1(c) under the Exchange Act for a Tier I tender offer (the ""Tier I Exemption"") and Rule 802 (the ""802 Exemption"") under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the ""U.S. Securities Act"")  and otherwise in accordance with the disclosure and procedural requirements of Finnish law  including with respect to the Tender Offer timetable  settlement procedures  withdrawal  waiver of conditions and timing of payments  which are different from those of the United States. In particular  the financial information included in this stock exchange release has been prepared in accordance with applicable accounting standards in Finland  which may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of U.S. companies. The Tender Offer is made to Caverion's shareholders resident in the United States on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Caverion to whom an offer is made. Any informational documents  including this stock exchange release  are being disseminated to U.S. shareholders on a basis comparable to the method that such documents are provided to Caverion's other shareholders.As permitted under the Tier I Exemption  the settlement of the Tender Offer is based on the applicable Finnish law provisions  which differ from the settlement procedures customary in the United States  particularly as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered. The Tender Offer  which is subject to Finnish law  is being made to the U.S. shareholders in accordance with the applicable U.S. securities laws  and applicable exemptions thereunder  in particular the Tier I Exemption and the 802 Exemption. To the extent the Tender Offer is subject to U.S. securities laws  those laws only apply to U.S. shareholders and will not give rise to claims on the part of any other person. U.S. shareholders should consider that (whether paid initially in cash or upon redemption of any Alternative Consideration Instruments) the offer price for the Tender Offer is being paid in EUR and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  the Offeror and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers' affiliates (acting as agents for the Offeror or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time after the date of this stock exchange release and during the pendency of the Tender Offer  and other than pursuant to the Tender Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase Shares or any securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for or exercisable for Shares. These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices. To the extent information about such purchases or arrangements to purchase is made public in Finland  such information will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. shareholders of Caverion of such information. In addition  the financial advisers to the Offeror may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Caverion  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities. To the extent required in Finland  any information about such purchases will be made public in Finland in the manner required by Finnish law.Neither the SEC nor any U.S. state securities commission has approved or disapproved the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  passed upon the merits or fairness of the Tender Offer (including the offer of the Alternative Consideration Instruments)  or passed any comment upon the adequacy  accuracy or completeness of the disclosure in relation to the Tender Offer (including in relation to the Alternative Consideration Instruments). Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States.THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS HAVE NOT BEEN  AND WILL NOT BE  REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION  AND THE ALTERNATIVE CONSIDERATION INSTRUMENTS CONSTITUTE ""RESTRICTED SECURITIES"" PURSUANT TO THE SECURITIES ACT  AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITH UNITED STATES OR TO  OR FOR  THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF  U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT)  EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM  OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO  THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE OR LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Tender Offer by a U.S. shareholder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each holder of Shares is urged to consult its independent professional advisers immediately regarding the tax and other consequences of accepting the Tender Offer.It may be difficult for Caverion's shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal securities laws  since the Offeror and Caverion are located in a non-U.S. jurisdiction and some or all of their respective officers and directors may be residents of non-U.S. jurisdictions. Caverion shareholders and the holders of the Alternative Consideration Instruments may not be able to sue the Offeror or Caverion or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of the U.S. federal securities laws. It may be difficult to compel the Offeror and Caverion and their respective affiliates to subject themselves to a U.S. court's judgment.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENTS UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE TENDER OFFER  PASSED ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT OR PASSED ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT IN THE TENDER OFFER DOCUMENT OR THE SUPPLEMENT DOCUMENT IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES.DisclaimerUBS AG London Branch is authorised and regulated by the Financial Market Supervisory Authority in Switzerland. It is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom. UBS AG London Branch is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or the matters referred to in this document  will not regard any other person (whether or not a recipient of this document) as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Advium Corporate Finance Ltd is acting exclusively on behalf of the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer or other matters referred to in this document  does not consider any other person (whether the recipient of this document or not) as a client in connection to the Tender Offer  and is not responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing protection or providing advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any other transaction or arrangement referred to in this document.Goldman Sachs International  which is authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of Goldman Sachs International  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Nordea Bank Abp is acting as financial adviser to the Offeror and arranger outside of the United States and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer  and will not regard any other person as its client in relation to the Tender Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protection afforded to clients of Nordea Bank Abp  nor for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or the other matters referred to in this stock exchange release. For the avoidance of doubt  Nordea Bank Abp is not registered as a broker or dealer in the United States of America and will not be engaging in direct communications relating to the Tender Offer with investors located within the United States (whether on a reverse inquiry basis or otherwise). U.S. shareholders should contact their brokers with any questions relating to the Tender Offer.BNP Paribas  which is duly authorized and lead-supervised by the European Central Bank and the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution  is acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Offeror for providing the protections afforded to clients of BNP Paribas  or for giving advice in connection with the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Bank of America Europe DAC  Stockholm branch  a subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation  is acting exclusively for Caverion and no one else in connection with the Tender Offer and the matters set out in this stock exchange release  and will not be responsible to anyone other than Caverion for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the Tender Offer or any matter or arrangement referred to in this stock exchange release.Appendix 1: Supplement DocumentCONTACT:Investor and Media enquiries:CaverionMilena Hæggström  Head of Investor Relations and External Communications  Caverion Corporation  tel. +358 40 5581 328  [email protected]Bain Capital  Security Trading  Fennogens and CorbisIris Nevanlinna  +358 40 577 9229  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/14078/3712974/1841990.pdf Release https://mb.cision.com/Public/14078/3712974/ba847ddb11c07ef7.pdf North Holdings 3 Oy - Supplement Document - February 10 2023SOURCE Caverion",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['tender offer document', 'public tender offer', 'North Holdings', 'Alternative Consideration', 'shares', 'Caverion', 'shareholders', '13 February', 'The Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Finnish equity savings accounts', 'transferable deferred payment right', 'Bain Capital Private Equity', 'Fennogens Investments S.A.', 'one (1) Alternative Consideration Instrument', 'voluntary public tender offer', 'The Alternative Consideration Instruments', 'The Cash Offer Price', 'Finnish language version', 'fixed cash payment', 'Caverion Corporation Tender Offer', 'stock exchange release', 'Lux Holdco SARL', 'Corbis S.A.', 'nominal principal amount', 'full nominal amount', 'More detailed instructions', 'immediate cash consideration', 'extended offer period', 'The Acceptance Procedure', 'first supplement document', 'tender offer document', 'first completion trades', 'Bain Capital Funds', 'Security Trading Oy', 'North Holdings 3 Oy', 'debt instrument', 'Finnish time', 'Bain Luxco', 'detailed information', 'first issuance', 'related supplement', 'combination agreement', 'acceptance threshold', 'nine (9) months', 'business day', 'regulatory reasons', 'The Offeror', 'outstanding shares', 'February', 'EET', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'November', 'January', 'subsidiaries', 'terms', 'conditions', '2023 improvement', 'extension', 'renewal', 'recommendation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'amended', 'Appendix', 'BC', 'vehicle', 'Europe', 'LLP', 'affiliates', 'consortium', 'purposes', 'possibility', 'date', 'maturity', 'connection', 'publication', 'section', 'respect', 'non', '136,472,645 issued', '4.40', '9:30', '4:00']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,prnewswire.com
18207,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,TD  First Horizon again extend deadline for closing merger #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gCWgRk6q3z #regtech,nan,TD  First Horizon again extend deadline for closing merger #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gCWgRk6q3z #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['First Horizon', 'closing merger', 'TD', 'deadline', 'Fintech', 'First Horizon', 'closing merger', 'TD', 'deadline', 'Fintech']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18208,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into eurosThe move will hamper non-sanctioned Russian investors from a… https://t.co/7woc2X3GtO,nan,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into eurosThe move will hamper non-sanctioned Russian investors from a… https://t.co/7woc2X3GtO,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'move', 'ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'move']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18209,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Why change your core? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ueipwwSMnv #regtech,nan,Why change your core? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ueipwwSMnv #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['core', 'core']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18210,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros -The move will hamper non-sanctioned Russian investors from… https://t.co/VvyyauaCB5,nan,Euroclear starts converting ruble accounts into euros -The move will hamper non-sanctioned Russian investors from… https://t.co/VvyyauaCB5,neutral,0.08,0.7,0.22,neutral,0.08,0.7,0.22,True,English,"['ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'move', 'VvyyauaCB5', 'ruble accounts', 'Euroclear', 'euros', 'move', 'VvyyauaCB5']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18211,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@mBTCPiz https://t.co/Z0UYs0R0ER2 European central international securities depositories - Euroclear and Clearstr… https://t.co/CV66aLNO6C,nan,@mBTCPiz https://t.co/Z0UYs0R0ER2 European central international securities depositories - Euroclear and Clearstr… https://t.co/CV66aLNO6C,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['2 European central international securities depositories', 'Z0UYs0R0ER', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstr', 'CV66aLNO6C', '2 European central international securities depositories', 'Z0UYs0R0ER', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstr', 'CV66aLNO6C']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,Unknown
18212,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-no-plans-copy-rivals-170730319.html,Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal,Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief...,"By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google.""One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of data centres of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious "" Boujnah told Reuters on Thursday.Euronext only uses a cloud provider for storing historical data  he said.""When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the data centres of companies which have decision-making centres outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU "" Boujnah added.Euronext said earlier on Thursday it has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption from a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group outside the bloc continued.""We analyse very carefully the dependency on certain providers "" Boujnah said as Euronext reported full year earnings.Earlier this week  the Bank for International Settlements said a ""rethink"" is needed on regulating how finance is becoming increasingly dependent on outside parties like cloud firms  which new EU rules will address.Euronext reported record full-year 2022 revenue and income of 1.418 billion euros ($1.52 billion)  up 9.3% on 2021 due to consolidating its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Adjusted earnings per share in 2022 was down 4.8% at 5.21 euros due to higher share count  and the company proposes to pay a dividend of 2.22 euros per share.Story continuesEuronext said it has increased its 2024 annual pre-tax savings related to integrating Borsa Italiana by 15 million euros to 115 million  with around 70 million of this achieved by the end of 2023 as implementation costs remain unchanged.The savings are nearly double what was promised at the deal's outset.""This further demonstrates Euronext's successful track record in integrating acquired companies "" Boujnah said.($1 = 0.9307 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Alexander Smith)",neutral,0.03,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.38,0.13,0.49,True,English,"['cloud computing deal', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'rivals', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'record full-year 2022 revenue', 'successful track record', 'cloud computing giants', 'financial data firm', 'full year earnings', '2024 annual pre-tax savings', 'new EU rules', 'higher share count', 'pan-European exchange', 'cloud computers', 'cloud provider', 'cloud firms', 'data centres', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'Huw Jones', 'critical services', 'regulatory concerns', 'chief executive', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'strategic partnership', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centres', 'physical infrastructure', 'weekly report', 'commodity derivatives', 'ransomware attack', 'International Settlements', 'Borsa Italiana', 'implementation costs', 'Alexander Smith', 'outside parties', '1.418 billion euros', '15 million euros', 'Stephane Boujnah', '5.21 euros', '2.22 euros', '0.9307 euros', 'Reuters', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'CME', 'Nasdaq', 'partnerships', 'Alphabet', 'Amazon', 'Microsoft', 'Thursday', 'Google', 'reasons', 'use', 'regulators', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'positions', 'disruption', 'bloc', 'dependency', 'providers', 'Bank', 'rethink', 'finance', 'income', 'acquisition', 'company', 'Story', 'deal', 'outset', 'Editing']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18213,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.fstech.co.uk/fst/Deutsche_Borse_Partners_With_Google_Cloud.php,Deutsche Börse partners with Google Cloud,Deutsche Börse Group  which runs the stock exchanges and trading platforms in Europe  has formed a partnership with Google Cloud to develop its digital securities platform.,Deutsche Börse Group  which runs the stock exchanges and trading platforms in Europe  has formed a partnership with Google Cloud to develop its digital securities platform.The Deutsche Börse Digital Asset Business Platform will use Google Cloud to power an “institutional-grade” ecosystem to trade digital assets including crypto spot and derivatives products. Deutsche Börse plans to expand the use of the platform into other asset classes in the coming months.Google Cloud will be Deutsche Börse’s preferred cloud partner for the next decade and the companies will jointly install a data mesh for Deutsche Börse’s data distribution and data use cases in the cloud.The companies said they will also work on cyber security and meeting the requirements set by regulators.Commenting on the news Theodor Weimer  chief executive at Deutsche Börse  said: “To trailblaze changing market environments and not only meet but anticipate customer demand  it is key to couple our financial services expertise with the technological prowess of a true market heavyweight.”Share Story:,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse partners', 'Google Cloud', 'The Deutsche Börse Digital Asset Business Platform', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'other asset classes', 'digital securities platform', 'changing market environments', 'financial services expertise', 'true market heavyweight', 'data use cases', 'digital assets', 'data mesh', 'data distribution', 'stock exchanges', 'trading platforms', 'institutional-grade” ecosystem', 'crypto spot', 'derivatives products', 'coming months', 'next decade', 'cyber security', 'Theodor Weimer', 'chief executive', 'customer demand', 'technological prowess', 'Share Story', 'Google Cloud', 'cloud partner', 'Europe', 'partnership', 'companies', 'requirements', 'regulators', 'news']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,fstech.co.uk
18214,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://insidehpc.com/2023/02/deutsche-borse-and-google-cloud-in-strategic-partnership/,Deutsche Börse Partners with Google Cloud - High-Performance Computing News Analysis,Deutsche Börse and Google Cloud have today announced a strategic partnership designed to enhance  economize and concentrate Deutsche Börse’s cloud adoption. Specifically  Deutsche Börse said it will leverage Google Cloud’s security and data analytics capabilities “to accelerate the development of its digital securities platform ,The companies said the partnership will accelerate development of Deutsche Börse’s D7 platform for handling end-to-end processing of digital securities linked to existing legacy environments while also providing for interoperability with new environments based on distributed-ledger technology. D7 will be underpinned by Google Cloud’s scalable infrastructure and will have a data analytics layer powered by Google Cloud’s BigQuery and Analytics Hub  and Google’s leading data capabilities. The enhanced D7 platform will enable Deutsche Börse to deliver applications  products and digital securities services to its customers and the wider financial industry.The two companies will also jointly invest in regulatory controls and built-in security features to meet regulatory requirements  as applicable.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Partners', 'High-Performance Computing News Analysis', 'Google Cloud', 'Deutsche Börse', 'leading data capabilities', 'wider financial industry', 'existing legacy environments', 'data analytics layer', 'digital securities services', 'new environments', 'Analytics Hub', 'distributed-ledger technology', 'scalable infrastructure', 'regulatory controls', 'security features', 'regulatory requirements', 'D7 platform', 'Google Cloud', 'end processing', 'two companies', 'partnership', 'development', 'interoperability', 'BigQuery', 'applications', 'products', 'customers']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,insidehpc.com
18215,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.theregister.com/2023/02/10/euronext_says_non_nein_to/,Euronext says non  nein to US cloud providers services as rivals sign up,Just yesterday  Deutsche Börse AG inked a decade-long agreement with Google as its “preferred” cloud for the next decade  which has echoes of its previous deal with CME Group  the world’s largest financial derivatives exchange. Nasdaq is working ...,Pan-European stock exchange Euronext says worries about data sovereignty and compliance means it will not follow rivals into signing contracts with US public cloud megacorps.Just yesterday  Deutsche Börse AG inked a decade-long agreement with Google as its “preferred” cloud for the next decade  which has echoes of its previous deal with CME Group  the world’s largest financial derivatives exchange.Nasdaq is working with AWS  and the London Stock Exchange went all in with Microsoft late last year.However  Euronext – which uses a cloud biz to store historical data – reckons its own outlook mirrors that of financial regulators. The stock exchange's chairman Stephane Boujnah told Reuters:“One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of datacenters of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious.”He added: “When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the datacenters of companies which have decision-making centers outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU.”The European Banking Authority filed recommendations on outsourcing to cloud service providers in late 2017. These address data security  location of data and data processing; access and audit rights; chain outsourcing; and exit strategies. They were designed to let financial institutions use the cloud while managing perceived risk.Lawyers at Pinsent Mason said in September that termination and exit of a contract  subcontracting  and audit rights remain potential pitfalls.International exchange Deutsche Börse AG says that as well as running the Digital Asset Business Platform on Google’s servers  its contract is intended to help it speed up development of the D7 digital securities platform  and the duo plan to jointly build a data mesh for data distribution.Theodor Weimer  CEO at the exchange  said in an earnings call this week: “Tokenization and digitization are very important trends for us  and we started to lay the foundation to expand into new asset classes and service offerings with a number of different initiatives. This will be accelerated by the strategic partnership with Google Cloud.”Weimer added: “We are targeting a public cloud exposure of around 70 percent  seven-zero percent  over time. In addition  we will be launching joint projects to accelerate the development of new and innovative platforms.”Weimar said certain aspects of its business would remain based on its own servers. “Low latency trading and learning systems will remain on-premises.”The subject of data sovereignty is a sticky one for local cloud providers in Europe  but US rivals certainly appear to be winning the race for custom: US cloud titans account for almost three-quarters of cloud spending in the region.Not everyone is happy with the way that business is being won  certainly in the case of Microsoft  as several complaints about anti-competitive behavior against Redmond are now in the hands of EU regulators. ®,neutral,0.0,0.86,0.14,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['US cloud providers services', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'D7 digital securities platform', 'The European Banking Authority', 'Digital Asset Business Platform', 'largest financial derivatives exchange', 'US public cloud megacorps', 'The stock exchange', 'public cloud exposure', 'Low latency trading', 'Pan-European stock exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'new asset classes', 'local cloud providers', 'US cloud titans', 'cloud service providers', 'financial institutions', 'International exchange', 'preferred” cloud', 'cloud biz', 'service offerings', 'US rivals', 'cloud spending', 'financial regulators', 'decade-long agreement', 'next decade', 'previous deal', 'CME Group', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centers', 'physical infrastructure', 'audit rights', 'Pinsent Mason', 'potential pitfalls', 'earnings call', 'important trends', 'different initiatives', 'strategic partnership', 'joint projects', 'innovative platforms', 'learning systems', 'sticky one', 'several complaints', 'anti-competitive behavior', 'data sovereignty', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'data security', 'data processing', 'data mesh', 'data distribution', 'Google Cloud', 'chain outsourcing', 'exit strategies', 'Theodor Weimer', 'seven-zero percent', 'EU regulators', '70 percent', 'Euronext', 'worries', 'compliance', 'contracts', 'echoes', 'world', 'Nasdaq', 'AWS', 'Microsoft', 'chairman', 'Reuters', 'reasons', 'use', 'datacenters', 'Amazon', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'recommendations', 'location', 'access', 'risk', 'Lawyers', 'September', 'termination', 'subcontracting', 'servers', 'development', 'duo', 'CEO', 'Tokenization', 'digitization', 'foundation', 'number', 'addition', 'Weimar', 'aspects', 'premises', 'subject', 'race', 'custom', 'three-quarters', 'region', 'everyone', 'way', 'case', 'Redmond', 'hands']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,theregister.com
18216,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/euronext-has-no-plans-copy-rivals-cloud-computing-deal-3267221,Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal,"London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google. ""One of the reasons why we ...","LONDON : Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google.""One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of data centres of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious "" Boujnah told Reuters on Thursday.Euronext only uses a cloud provider for storing historical data  he said.""When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the data centres of companies which have decision-making centres outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU "" Boujnah added.Euronext said earlier on Thursday it has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption from a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group outside the bloc continued.""We analyse very carefully the dependency on certain providers "" Boujnah said as Euronext reported full year earnings.Earlier this week  the Bank for International Settlements said a ""rethink"" is needed on regulating how finance is becoming increasingly dependent on outside parties like cloud firms  which new EU rules will address.Euronext reported record full-year 2022 revenue and income of 1.418 billion euros ($1.52 billion)  up 9.3 per cent on 2021 due to consolidating its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Adjusted earnings per share in 2022 was down 4.8 per cent at 5.21 euros due to higher share count  and the company proposes to pay a dividend of 2.22 euros per share.Euronext said it has increased its 2024 annual pre-tax savings related to integrating Borsa Italiana by 15 million euros to 115 million  with around 70 million of this achieved by the end of 2023 as implementation costs remain unchanged.The savings are nearly double what was promised at the deal's outset.""This further demonstrates Euronext's successful track record in integrating acquired companies "" Boujnah said.($1 = 0.9307 euros)",neutral,0.03,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.66,True,English,"['cloud computing deal', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'rivals', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'record full-year 2022 revenue', 'successful track record', 'cloud computing giants', 'financial data firm', 'outside cloud computers', 'full year earnings', '2024 annual pre-tax savings', 'new EU rules', 'higher share count', 'pan-European exchange', 'cloud provider', 'outside parties', 'cloud firms', 'data centres', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'critical services', 'regulatory concerns', 'chief executive', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'strategic partnership', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centres', 'physical infrastructure', 'weekly report', 'commodity derivatives', 'ransomware attack', 'International Settlements', 'Borsa Italiana', 'implementation costs', '1.418 billion euros', '15 million euros', 'Stephane Boujnah', '5.21 euros', '2.22 euros', '0.9307 euros', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'CME', 'Nasdaq', 'partnerships', 'Alphabet', 'Amazon', 'Microsoft', 'Thursday', 'Google', 'reasons', 'use', 'regulators', 'Reuters', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'positions', 'disruption', 'bloc', 'dependency', 'providers', 'Bank', 'rethink', 'finance', 'income', 'acquisition', 'company', 'deal', 'outset']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,channelnewsasia.com
18217,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 190 from EUR 185 at Credit Suisse$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 190 from EUR 185 at Credit Suisse$DBOEY,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price target', 'Credit Suisse', 'Deutsche Boerse price target', 'Credit Suisse']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18218,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 175 from EUR 165 at Berenberg$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse price target raised to EUR 175 from EUR 165 at Berenberg$DBOEY,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse price target', 'Berenberg', 'Deutsche Boerse price target', 'Berenberg']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18219,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/JF0au9bMul,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/JF0au9bMul,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'JF0au9bMul', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'JF0au9bMul']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18220,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/u2sykfd5X7,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/u2sykfd5X7,positive,0.78,0.22,0.01,positive,0.78,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18221,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/LpgbT0a2nb,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/LpgbT0a2nb,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,positive,0.64,0.35,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18222,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/DLqdRyFvOM,nan,We're excited to announce #GoogleCloud's partnership with Deutsche Börse to enhance  economize  and concentrate Deu… https://t.co/DLqdRyFvOM,positive,0.53,0.47,0.0,positive,0.53,0.47,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'DLqdRyFvOM', 'Deutsche Börse', 'partnership', 'DLqdRyFvOM']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18223,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@DeutscheBoerse and @googlecloud announce strategic partnership.https://t.co/IhOQeaeuNY,nan,@DeutscheBoerse and @googlecloud announce strategic partnership.https://t.co/IhOQeaeuNY,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['strategic partnership', 'googlecloud', 'strategic partnership', 'googlecloud']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18224,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse appoints Google Cloud as preferred cloud partner: ApoBank selects Regnology for regulatory reporting… https://t.co/CjW1LG64b2,nan,Deutsche Börse appoints Google Cloud as preferred cloud partner: ApoBank selects Regnology for regulatory reporting… https://t.co/CjW1LG64b2,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'preferred cloud partner', 'Google Cloud', 'regulatory reporting', 'ApoBank', 'Regnology', 'Deutsche Börse', 'preferred cloud partner', 'Google Cloud', 'regulatory reporting', 'ApoBank', 'Regnology']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18225,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.theregister.com/2023/02/10/euronext_says_non_nein_to/,Euronext says non  nein to US cloud providers services as rivals sign up,Data sovereignty and compliance gives CEO pause for thought as Deutsche Börse AG jumps in bed with GooglePan-European stock exchange Euronext says worries about data sovereignty and compliance means it will not follow rivals into signing contracts with US pu…,Pan-European stock exchange Euronext says worries about data sovereignty and compliance means it will not follow rivals into signing contracts with US public cloud megacorps.Just yesterday  Deutsche Börse AG inked a decade-long agreement with Google as its “preferred” cloud for the next decade  which has echoes of its previous deal with CME Group  the world’s largest financial derivatives exchange.Nasdaq is working with AWS  and the London Stock Exchange went all in with Microsoft late last year.However  Euronext – which uses a cloud biz to store historical data – reckons its own outlook mirrors that of financial regulators. The stock exchange's chairman Stephane Boujnah told Reuters:“One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of datacenters of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious.”He added: “When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the datacenters of companies which have decision-making centers outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU.”The European Banking Authority filed recommendations on outsourcing to cloud service providers in late 2017. These address data security  location of data and data processing; access and audit rights; chain outsourcing; and exit strategies. They were designed to let financial institutions use the cloud while managing perceived risk.Lawyers at Pinsent Mason said in September that termination and exit of a contract  subcontracting  and audit rights remain potential pitfalls.International exchange Deutsche Börse AG says that as well as running the Digital Asset Business Platform on Google’s servers  its contract is intended to help it speed up development of the D7 digital securities platform  and the duo plan to jointly build a data mesh for data distribution.Theodor Weimer  CEO at the exchange  said in an earnings call this week: “Tokenization and digitization are very important trends for us  and we started to lay the foundation to expand into new asset classes and service offerings with a number of different initiatives. This will be accelerated by the strategic partnership with Google Cloud.”Weimer added: “We are targeting a public cloud exposure of around 70 percent  seven-zero percent  over time. In addition  we will be launching joint projects to accelerate the development of new and innovative platforms.”Weimar said certain aspects of its business would remain based on its own servers. “Low latency trading and learning systems will remain on-premises.”The subject of data sovereignty is a sticky one for local cloud providers in Europe  but US rivals certainly appear to be winning the race for custom: US cloud titans account for almost three-quarters of cloud spending in the region.Not everyone is happy with the way that business is being won  certainly in the case of Microsoft  as several complaints about anti-competitive behavior against Redmond are now in the hands of EU regulators. ®,neutral,0.0,0.86,0.14,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['US cloud providers services', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'D7 digital securities platform', 'The European Banking Authority', 'Digital Asset Business Platform', 'largest financial derivatives exchange', 'US public cloud megacorps', 'The stock exchange', 'public cloud exposure', 'Low latency trading', 'Pan-European stock exchange', 'London Stock Exchange', 'new asset classes', 'local cloud providers', 'US cloud titans', 'cloud service providers', 'financial institutions', 'International exchange', 'preferred” cloud', 'cloud biz', 'service offerings', 'US rivals', 'cloud spending', 'financial regulators', 'decade-long agreement', 'next decade', 'previous deal', 'CME Group', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centers', 'physical infrastructure', 'audit rights', 'Pinsent Mason', 'potential pitfalls', 'earnings call', 'important trends', 'different initiatives', 'strategic partnership', 'joint projects', 'innovative platforms', 'learning systems', 'sticky one', 'several complaints', 'anti-competitive behavior', 'data sovereignty', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'data security', 'data processing', 'data mesh', 'data distribution', 'Google Cloud', 'chain outsourcing', 'exit strategies', 'Theodor Weimer', 'seven-zero percent', 'EU regulators', '70 percent', 'Euronext', 'worries', 'compliance', 'contracts', 'echoes', 'world', 'Nasdaq', 'AWS', 'Microsoft', 'chairman', 'Reuters', 'reasons', 'use', 'datacenters', 'Amazon', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'recommendations', 'location', 'access', 'risk', 'Lawyers', 'September', 'termination', 'subcontracting', 'servers', 'development', 'duo', 'CEO', 'Tokenization', 'digitization', 'foundation', 'number', 'addition', 'Weimar', 'aspects', 'premises', 'subject', 'race', 'custom', 'three-quarters', 'region', 'everyone', 'way', 'case', 'Redmond', 'hands']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,theregister.com
18226,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4577233-euronext-n-v-2022-q4-results-earnings-call-presentation,Euronext N.V. 2022 Q4 - Results - Earnings Call Presentation (OTCMKTS:EUXTF),The following slide deck was published by Euronext N.V.,To ensure this doesn’t happen in the future  please enable Javascript and cookies in your browser.If you have an ad-blocker enabled you may be blocked from proceeding. Please disable your ad-blocker and refresh.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Presentation', 'Results', 'future', 'Javascript', 'cookies', 'browser', 'ad-blocker', 'refresh']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,seekingalpha.com
18227,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-upgraded-bbb-p-180500591.html,Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+’ by S&P,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext upgraded to ‘BBB+’ by S&PAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 9 February 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today acknowledges the decision of S&P to upgrade Euronext from ‘BBB  Positive outlook’ to ‘BBB+  Stable outlook’.S&P decision reflects Euronext strong cash generation and deleveraging capabilities following the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  as well as Euronext Clearing revised investment policy  as announced on 28 July 2022 that has meaningfully reduced risk for Euronext.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:“We are pleased today to see Euronext rating upgraded by S&P to BBB+  Stable Outlook. This upgrade is a great recognition of the transformation journey we engaged in following the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Since the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group  we have pursued our deleveraging path  from 3.2x net debt to EBITDA at closing  to 2.6x at the end of 2022.Euronext is today stronger than ever  with a strong and diversified business profile. Combined with our recognized solid financial position and strong cash generation  and our strong track record in post-merger integration projects  we are in the right position to look for possible external growth opportunities  in line with our disciplined capital deployment policy.”CONTACT ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.com CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris/Dublin) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed equity issuers and around €6.3 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2022  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.Story continuesFor the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.09,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.15,0.42,True,English,"['S&P', 'Euronext', 'BBB', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'unmatched blue chip franchise', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'possible external growth opportunities', 'disciplined capital deployment policy', 'Euronext strong cash generation', 'global capital markets', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'diversified business profile', 'post-merger integration projects', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Clément Kubiak', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'international client base', 'total product offering', 'Borsa Italiana Group', 'strong track record', 'strong diverse domestic', '1,930 listed equity issuers', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'multi-asset clearing house', '3.2x net debt', 'solid financial position', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'Euronext N.V.', 'The Euronext Group', 'S&P decision', 'CONTACT ANALYSTS', 'The Group', 'investment policy', 'sustainable growth', 'market capitalisation', 'market operator', 'junior markets', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'financial products', 'derivatives markets', 'Positive outlook', 'Stable outlook', 'deleveraging capabilities', 'Managing Board', 'great recognition', 'transformation journey', 'deleveraging path', 'right position', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'European economies', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'third parties', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'applicable rules', 'personal data', 'Euronext Clearing', 'proprietary rights', 'Euronext rating', 'regulated exchanges', 'end December', 'information purposes', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'BBB', '9 February', 'acquisition', '28 July', 'risk', 'Chairman', 'upgrade', 'closing', 'EBITDA', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Story', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'terms', 'order', 'regard']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18228,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-no-plans-copy-rivals-170730319.html,Euronext has no plans to copy rivals with cloud computing deal,Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief...,"By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) - Euronext will not mimic rivals by shifting critical services to outside cloud computers given regulatory concerns  the pan-European exchange's chief executive Stephane Boujnah said.London Stock Exchange Group  CME and Nasdaq have all announced partnerships with cloud computing giants like Alphabet  Amazon and Microsoft  with Deutsche Boerse joining them on Thursday in a ""strategic partnership"" with Google.""One of the reasons why we are cautious about the use of data centres of Microsoft  Google and Amazon for critical parts of what we do is because our core supervisors and regulators are themselves very cautious "" Boujnah told Reuters on Thursday.Euronext only uses a cloud provider for storing historical data  he said.""When it comes to strategic applications such as real-time data and operations of the market  we do not want them to be stored and operated by the data centres of companies which have decision-making centres outside the EU  and physical infrastructure outside the EU "" Boujnah added.Euronext said earlier on Thursday it has postponed until further notice a weekly report on positions held in its commodity derivatives  as disruption from a ransomware attack on financial data firm ION Group outside the bloc continued.""We analyse very carefully the dependency on certain providers "" Boujnah said as Euronext reported full year earnings.Earlier this week  the Bank for International Settlements said a ""rethink"" is needed on regulating how finance is becoming increasingly dependent on outside parties like cloud firms  which new EU rules will address.Euronext reported record full-year 2022 revenue and income of 1.418 billion euros ($1.52 billion)  up 9.3% on 2021 due to consolidating its acquisition of Borsa Italiana.Adjusted earnings per share in 2022 was down 4.8% at 5.21 euros due to higher share count  and the company proposes to pay a dividend of 2.22 euros per share.Story continuesEuronext said it has increased its 2024 annual pre-tax savings related to integrating Borsa Italiana by 15 million euros to 115 million  with around 70 million of this achieved by the end of 2023 as implementation costs remain unchanged.The savings are nearly double what was promised at the deal's outset.""This further demonstrates Euronext's successful track record in integrating acquired companies "" Boujnah said.($1 = 0.9307 euros)(Reporting by Huw Jones; Editing by Alexander Smith)",neutral,0.03,0.81,0.17,mixed,0.38,0.13,0.49,True,English,"['cloud computing deal', 'Euronext', 'plans', 'rivals', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'record full-year 2022 revenue', 'successful track record', 'cloud computing giants', 'financial data firm', 'full year earnings', '2024 annual pre-tax savings', 'new EU rules', 'higher share count', 'pan-European exchange', 'cloud computers', 'cloud provider', 'cloud firms', 'data centres', 'historical data', 'real-time data', 'Huw Jones', 'critical services', 'regulatory concerns', 'chief executive', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'strategic partnership', 'critical parts', 'core supervisors', 'strategic applications', 'decision-making centres', 'physical infrastructure', 'weekly report', 'commodity derivatives', 'ransomware attack', 'International Settlements', 'Borsa Italiana', 'implementation costs', 'Alexander Smith', 'outside parties', '1.418 billion euros', '15 million euros', 'Stephane Boujnah', '5.21 euros', '2.22 euros', '0.9307 euros', 'Reuters', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'CME', 'Nasdaq', 'partnerships', 'Alphabet', 'Amazon', 'Microsoft', 'Thursday', 'Google', 'reasons', 'use', 'regulators', 'operations', 'market', 'companies', 'positions', 'disruption', 'bloc', 'dependency', 'providers', 'Bank', 'rethink', 'finance', 'income', 'acquisition', 'company', 'Story', 'deal', 'outset', 'Editing']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18229,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-participate-upcoming-investor-213000120.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,Montrouge  France  February 10  2023 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345...,DBV Technologies S.A.Montrouge  France  February 10  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor ConferenceDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced its participation in the virtual SBV Securities Global Biopharma Conference taking place February 13 – 16  2023. Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer  will make a company presentation on Thursday  February 16  2023  as well as participate in one-on-one investor meetings throughout the day.A live webcast of the presentation will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://wsw.com/webcast/svb8/dbvt/1621296.A replay will also be available on DBV Technologies’ website for 90 days after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.53,0.17,0.29,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'DBV Technologies', 'virtual SBV Securities Global Biopharma Conference', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'DBV Technologies S.A.', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'food allergic patients', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broad potential applications', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'one investor meetings', 'one ordinary share', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies’ website', 'global headquarters', 'Investor Contact', 'ordinary shares', 'Daniel Tassé', 'live webcast', 'Media section', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'intact skin', 'new class', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'Media Contact', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Anne Pollak', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'company presentation', 'Angela Marcucci', 'Viaskin™', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'DBVT', 'participation', 'place', 'Thursday', 'Investors', 'replay', '90 days', 'event', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'trademarks', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18230,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bekaert-share-buyback-program-liquidity-071500510.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 25 February 2022...,"BekaertUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 25 February 2022   Bekaert announced a € 120 million program to buy back its own shares (the ""Program""). The Program was split into four equal tranches of € 30 million and all shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. The fourth and last tranche of the Program started on 18 November 2022 .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 77 132 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 2 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 685 39.40 39.66 38.86 263 389 MTF CBOE 4 086 39.42 39.66 38.94 161 070 MTF Turquoise 734 39.41 39.62 39.08 28 927 MTF Aquis 1 485 39.42 39.66 38.86 58 539 3 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 377 39.96 40.36 39.30 294 785 MTF CBOE 4 472 40.01 40.36 39.54 178 925 MTF Turquoise 879 40.02 40.36 39.30 35 178 MTF Aquis 1 667 40.01 40.36 39.52 66 697 6 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 708 39.90 40.12 39.58 347 449 MTF CBOE 5 163 39.90 40.12 39.58 206 004 MTF Turquoise 1 023 39.92 40.10 39.72 40 838 MTF Aquis 1 931 39.91 40.12 39.62 77 066 7 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 511 40.03 40.20 39.74 340 695 MTF CBOE 5 167 40.02 40.16 39.72 206 783 MTF Turquoise 1 007 40.04 40.16 39.86 40 320 MTF Aquis 1 935 40.03 40.20 39.74 77 458 8 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 394 39.86 40.04 39.68 334 585 MTF CBOE 5 009 39.88 40.06 39.66 199 759 MTF Turquoise 998 39.85 40.08 39.66 39 770 MTF Aquis 1 901 39.87 40.04 39.62 75 793 Total 77 132 39.85 40.36 38.86 3 074 030Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 1 600 shares during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 6 500 shares on Euronext Brussels.Story continuesThe tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 3 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 6 February 2023 400 39.80 39.80 39.80 15 920 7 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 February 2023 1 200 39.73 39.80 39.60 47 676 Total 1 600 — — — 63 596Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 February 2023 3 000 39.49 39.64 39.20 0 3 February 2023 3 100 39.93 40.40 39.64 123 783 6 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 7 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 February 2023 400 40.00 40.00 40.00 16 000 Total 6 500 — — — 139 783The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 40 736 shares.On 8 February 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 715 020 own shares  or 7.99% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.23,0.33,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'four equal tranches', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'last tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', '120 million program', 'fourth tranche', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '132 shares', '1 600 shares', '6 500 shares', '40 736 shares', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '2 February', '8 February', '25 February', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', '18 November', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', 'Story', '3 February', '6 February', 'Sale', '7 February', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '€', '77', '4 715 020']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18231,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/akwel-2022-turnover-7-1-060000978.html,AKWEL: 2022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%,Thursday 09 February 2023 2022 TURNOVER UP 7.1% AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer...,AkwelThursday 09 February 20232022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €988.5m for 2022.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 31 December)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% 4th quarter 249.4 223.5 +11.5% +14.6% Total for 12 months 988.5 922.6 +7.1% +11.3%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.In the last quarter  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €249.4 million  up by 11.5% when comparing published figures and by 14.6% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.With this third consecutive quarter of increased activity  in an environment that continues to be disrupted by component shortages and inflation  the Group ends 2022 with a 7.1% annual increase in turnover compared with 2021.On a like-for-like basis  the increase in annual turnover was +11.3%.The Products and Functions turnover stood at €951.4m  up by 7.8%  with an increase across almost all of the Group's product linesNet cash excluding lease obligations fell by €7.6m in Q4 to reach €115.1m at closing  an increase of €6.7m over the year.As expected  the Group’s profitability was impacted by supply constraints and the difficulties in passing on the inflationary impacts recorded across all operating costs  with current operating income expected to fall by around 40% for 2022.For the 2023 financial year  in an environment in which visibility over the global automotive market remains very limited  AKWEL anticipates a slight increase in turnover.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['AKWEL', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'current operating income', 'third consecutive quarter', 'global automotive market', 'independent, family-owned group', 'exchange rates', 'operating costs', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'mechanism management', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', 'component shortages', 'The Products', 'product lines', 'Net cash', 'lease obligations', 'supply constraints', 'inflationary impacts', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'Consolidated turnover', 'annual turnover', 'Functions turnover', 'The Group', '2023 financial year', 'fluid management', '7.1% annual increase', 'slight increase', 'AKW.PA', 'Akwel', 'Thursday', 'February', 'PEA', 'revenue', 'January', '31 December', 'Variation', '12 months', 'figures', 'scope', 'constants', 'activity', 'environment', 'basis', 'Q4', 'closing', 'profitability', 'difficulties', 'visibility', 'mechanisms', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '€', '2022']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18232,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sato-corporation-financial-statements-annual-071500454.html,SATO Corporation´s Financial Statements and the Annual Report 2022 published,SATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  February 10  2023 at 9:15 am SATO Corporation has today published Financial Statements and the Annual Report 2022...,SATO OyjSATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  February 10  2023 at 9:15 amSATO Corporation has today published Financial Statements and the Annual Report 2022 as well as the Corporate Governance Statement 2022.The Annual Report contains the Report by the Board of Directors and the Financial Statements 2022. The Financial Statements are published in accordance with the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) reporting requirements. The format is Extensible Hypertext Markup Language (XHTML)  and the primary statements have been labelled with XBRL tags.The publications are attached to this release and the Financial Statements as an XHTML file. The publications are also found at the company website  www.sato.fi.Additional informationCEO Antti Aarnio  tel. +358 201 34 4200CFO Markku Honkasalo  tel. +358 201 34 4226www.sato.fiSATO CORPORATIONATTACHMENTSAnnual Report 2022Financial Statements 2022 presentationCorporate Governance Statement 2022Financial Statements as an XHTML fileDISTRIBUTION: NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.  Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fiSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2022  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 291.2 million  operating profit EUR 198.9 million and profit before taxes EUR 151.9 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 5 billion. www.sato.fiAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['SATO Corporation', 'Financial Statements', 'Annual Report', 'Extensible Hypertext Markup Language', 'largest rental housing providers', 'urban rental housing alternatives', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'sustainable rental housing', 'Corporate Governance Statement', 'ESEF) reporting requirements', 'CEO Antti Aarnio', 'CFO Markku Honkasalo', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'excellent customer experience', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'The Financial Statements', 'Financial Statements 2022 presentation', 'ATTACHMENTS Annual Report', '25,000 rental homes', 'sustainable development', 'primary statements', 'XBRL tags', 'company website', 'Additional information', 'Euronext Dublin', 'main media', 'comprehensive range', 'good access', 'public transport', 'open interaction', 'long-term view', 'net sales', 'investment properties', 'fi Attachments', 'XHTML file', 'operating profit', 'SATO Oyj', 'SATO Corporation', 'SATO Group', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'publications', 'tel', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'expert', 'Finland', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'services', 'stakeholders', 'value', 'assets', 'investments', 'divestments', 'repairs', 'taxes', '9:15']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18233,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/information-total-number-voting-rights-180000131.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA Negma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 140...,Oxurion NVInformation on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMANegma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 140 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 350 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group Investment Ltd.’s EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 10  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 10 359 116 new ordinary shares on February 6  2023  for a total amount of EUR 150 000  as the result of the conversion of 60 class B convertible bonds  and (ii) 16 233 766 new ordinary shares on February 8  2023  for a total amount of EUR 200 000  as the result of the conversion of 80 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group Investment Ltd.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 493 468 012  outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 466 875 130 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 76 706 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 493 468 012 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 493 468 012 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);400 convertible bonds issued on January 25  2023  entitling their holder (Negma Group Investment Ltd.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group Investment Ltd. on August 26  2021  and the addenda thereto dated September 2  2022 and January 25  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021  Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022 and Press release Oxurion  25/01/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.07,0.47,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Negma Group Investment Ltd.', 'EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1', '60 class B convertible bonds', '80 class B convertible bonds', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'EUR 350,000 capital increase', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '10,359,116 new ordinary shares', '16,233,766 new ordinary shares', '493,468,012, outstanding ordinary shares', '466,875,130 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Oxurion NV Information', '140 convertible bonds', '400 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'updated information', 'L.P.', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'Voting Rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'Total Number', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'other conditions', 'Conversion Notice', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', '07.00 PM', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'January', 'terms', 'August', 'addenda', 'UK', 'Israel', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18234,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2606221/0/en/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-Investor-Conference.html,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,Montrouge  France  February 10  2023  DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference  DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN:...,English FrenchMontrouge  France  February 10  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor ConferenceDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced its participation in the virtual SBV Securities Global Biopharma Conference taking place February 13 – 16  2023. Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer  will make a company presentation on Thursday  February 16  2023  as well as participate in one-on-one investor meetings throughout the day.A live webcast of the presentation will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://wsw.com/webcast/svb8/dbvt/1621296.A replay will also be available on DBV Technologies’ website for 90 days after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'DBV Technologies', 'virtual SBV Securities Global Biopharma Conference', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'food allergic patients', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broad potential applications', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'one investor meetings', 'one ordinary share', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'DBV Technologies’ website', 'global headquarters', 'Investor Contact', 'ordinary shares', 'English French', 'Daniel Tassé', 'live webcast', 'Media section', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'intact skin', 'new class', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'Media Contact', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Anne Pollak', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'company presentation', 'Angela Marcucci', 'Viaskin™', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'DBVT', 'participation', 'place', 'Thursday', 'Investors', 'replay', '90 days', 'event', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18235,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/famatown-finance-limited-announces-candidates-020000819.html,Famatown Finance Limited announces candidates for the Euronav supervisory board,LIMASSOL  Cyprus  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Famatown Finance Limited1 (“Famatown” or “the company”) announces that  with respect to the EGM of...,LIMASSOL  Cyprus  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Famatown Finance Limited1 (“Famatown” or “the company”) announces that  with respect to the EGM of Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN  Euronext: EURN) planned for 23 March 2023  it intends to exercise its shareholder rights and propose as candidates for the Euronav supervisory board Mr. John Fredriksen and Mr. Cato H. Stonex. The bios of Mr. Fredriksen and Mr. Stonex are included below. The company will take the necessary steps in view of the EGM to formalize this proposal.Famatown further fully reserves its rights as shareholder  including its rights to make further proposals for amendment of the EGM and to exercise its voting rights in its full discretion.Mr. John Fredriksen (born 10th May 1944) is a Norwegian-born Cypriot businessman based in London. Trusts settled by Mr. Fredriksen for the benefit of his close family members control significant interests in shipping  offshore  property  fish farming and other industries where the most known shipping interests are the publicly listed companies Frontline Plc  Golden Ocean Ltd  SFL Corp. Ltd  Flex LNG Ltd and Avance Gas ASA. He has over the last seven decades become one of the most prominent figures in the shipping industry with the key philosophy being efficient and transparent business operations focused on generating shareholder returns.Mr. Cato H. Stonex (born 17th December 1963) is a British Citizen and has had a long career in Fund management  initially with J Rothschild Investment Management. He was then a founder partner of Taube Hodson Stonex for 20 years  which managed institutional portfolios of Global Equity mandates. THS was sold to GAM in 2016  since when he has established Partners Investment Company  which has focused on stock picking in small and mid-cap equities  largely in Europe. In 2021 Partners Investment Company LLP became Stonex Capital Partners Ltd and that same year Cato also funded WMC Capital LTD  an investment company focused on the recovery of the global shipping industry. He has also been involved in a range of other business areas. He has been a long-term investor in German property and is a founder and director of Obotritia  a German conglomerate with interests in property  venture capital and banking. Since 2016 he has been a director of two Spanish property companies  Axiare and Arima  the first of which was sold in 2018 and the second which is listed on the Madrid stock exchange. He has a range of other private business interests. He holds an undergraduate degree from the London School of Economics and Political Science  where he served for ten years as a Governor and is now an Emeritus Governor. He has chaired its Development Committee and is now an advisor to the Endowment Investment Committee. He is closely involved with LSE Ideas  a leading academic think tank.Cautionary StatementsStatements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements include words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “project ” “could ” “may ” “might ” “should ” “will” and similar words and specifically include statements relating to future financial performance and shareholder value. Forward-looking statements are aspirational and are not guarantees or promises that such expectations  plans  or goals will be met. They are also subject to numerous risks  uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking or other statements  except as required by law and notwithstanding any historical practice of doing so.Investor & Media Contact:Elena Varnavaelena.varnava@seatankers.com.cy+ 357 25 8583001 According to a Schedule 13D/A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26  2023  Famatown Finance Limited and entities related to it reported beneficial ownership of 50 426 478 ordinary shares of Euronav NV  representing 24.99% of its outstanding ordinary shares.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Famatown Finance Limited', 'Euronav supervisory board', 'candidates', 'leading academic think tank', 'J Rothschild Investment Management', 'Stonex Capital Partners Ltd', 'Mr. Cato H. Stonex', 'Partners Investment Company LLP', 'two Spanish property companies', 'other private business interests', 'Taube Hodson Stonex', 'transparent business operations', 'Golden Ocean Ltd', 'SFL Corp. Ltd', 'Flex LNG Ltd', 'WMC Capital LTD', 'other business areas', 'Norwegian-born Cypriot businessman', 'close family members', 'Avance Gas ASA', 'last seven decades', 'Global Equity mandates', 'future financial performance', 'Endowment Investment Committee', 'U.S. Securities', 'Mr. John Fredriksen', 'Euronav supervisory board', 'Madrid stock exchange', 'Famatown Finance Limited1', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'global shipping industry', 'Mr. Stonex', 'Mr. Fredriksen', 'Securities Act', 'Fund management', 'venture capital', '50,426,478 ordinary shares', 'other industries', 'Exchange Commission', 'stock picking', 'Development Committee', 'other statements', 'Euronav NV', 'significant interests', 'shipping interests', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'necessary steps', 'full discretion', '10th May', 'fish farming', 'Frontline Plc', 'prominent figures', 'key philosophy', 'British Citizen', 'long career', 'institutional portfolios', 'mid-cap equities', 'German property', 'German conglomerate', 'undergraduate degree', 'Political Science', 'LSE Ideas', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'numerous risks', 'actual results', 'particular statement', 'historical practice', 'Media Contact', 'Schedule 13D/A', 'beneficial ownership', 'shareholder returns', 'shareholder value', 'forward-looking statement', 'Cautionary Statements', 'looking statements', 'voting rights', 'founder partner', 'long-term investor', 'London School', 'ten years', 'Emeritus Governor', 'similar words', 'Elena Varnava', 'shareholder rights', '20 years', 'LIMASSOL', 'Cyprus', 'Feb.', 'respect', 'EGM', 'NYSE', 'Euronext', 'EURN', '23 March', 'candidates', 'bios', 'view', 'proposal', 'amendment', 'Trusts', 'benefit', 'offshore', 'efficient', '17th', 'GAM', 'small', 'Europe', 'recovery', 'range', 'director', 'Obotritia', 'banking', 'Axiare', 'Arima', 'Economics', 'advisor', 'meaning', 'Section', 'phrases', 'believe', 'estimate', 'plan', 'project', 'guarantees', 'promises', 'expectations', 'goals', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'law', 'January', 'entities', '2021']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18236,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ahold-delhaize-announces-johan-boeijenga-090400103.html,Ahold Delhaize announces Johan Boeijenga will step down as Brand President of Super Indo,Zaandam  the Netherlands  February 10  2023 – Ahold Delhaize announces that Johan Boeijenga will step down as Brand President of Super Indo  on 31 March 2023...,Ahold DelhaizeZaandam  the Netherlands  February 10  2023 – Ahold Delhaize announces that Johan Boeijenga will step down as Brand President of Super Indo  on 31 March 2023. Super Indo is Ahold Delhaize's great local brand in Indonesia  a joint venture with the Salim Group. Johan would like a better life balance between the Netherlands and Indonesia after successfully leading Super Indo in a challenging period for 5 years. He remains associated with Super Indo by supporting them in realizing their growth ambition. The search for a successor has commenced.Johan joined the former Ahold Group in 1988 as a management trainee in logistics. He joined the board of Ahold Indonesia in 1997 and became CEO of Ahold Indonesia in 2000. In 2003 he came back to Europe  taking up the EVP Supply Chain position at the board of Albert Heijn  followed by the role of President & CEO of Ahold Central Europe from 2006 to 2009. Johan then went on to retail CEO and COO endeavors outside of Ahold  returning to Ahold Delhaize in 2018 to become Brand President of Super Indo  a role dear to his heart.Wouter Kolk  CEO Ahold Delhaize Europe & Indonesia: “Johan has a long history with our company  and I would like to thank him very much for all his contributions over the past decades. In his current role as Brand President  Johan’s leadership style and character is exemplified: always putting people first. With this as a starting point  he has given Super Indo fuel to put the expansion engine on. The number of stores grew significantly  and Johan introduced an omnichannel way of thinking and working that is successful in the Indonesian market. He has put sustainability and healthy eating at the forefront of Super Indo's strategy  resulting in recognition through the Green Initiative Award in 2021 as well as 2022. He nurtured his position in local communities and supported those around them  including the start-up of a Super Indo foundation  which supported (amongst other initiatives) Super Indo families in need”.Story continues- Ends -Cautionary noticeThis communication includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words such as will  would  remains or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements.Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause actual results of Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (the “Company  or “Ahold Delhaize”) to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include  but are not limited to  the risk factors set forth in the Company’s public filings and other disclosures. Forward-looking statements reflect the current views of the Company’s management and assumptions based on information currently available to the Company’s management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law.For more informationPress office: +31 88 6595134 / media.relations@aholddelhaize.comInvestor relations: +31 88 659 5213 / investor.relations@aholddelhaize.comSocial media: Instagram: @Ahold-Delhaize | LinkedIn: @Ahold-Delhaize | Twitter: @AholdDelhaizeAbout Ahold DelhaizeAhold Delhaize is one of the world’s largest food retail groups and a leader in both supermarkets and e-commerce. Its family of great local brands serves 55 million customers each week  both in stores and online  in the United States  Europe  and Indonesia. Together  these brands employ more than 413 000 associates in 7 452 grocery and specialty stores and include the top online retailer in the Benelux and the leading online grocers in the Benelux and the United States. Ahold Delhaize brands are at the forefront of sustainable retailing  sourcing responsibly  supporting local communities and helping customers make healthier choices. The company’s focus on four growth drivers – drive omnichannel growth  elevate healthy and sustainable  cultivate best talent and strengthen operational excellence – is helping to fulfil its purpose  achieve its vision and prepare its brands and businesses for tomorrow. Headquartered in Zaandam  the Netherlands  Ahold Delhaize is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels stock exchanges (ticker: AD) and its American Depositary Receipts are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. and quoted on the OTCQX International marketplace (ticker: ADRNY). For more information  please visit:www.aholddelhaize.com.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.17,0.21,True,English,"['Ahold Delhaize', 'Johan Boeijenga', 'Brand President', 'Super Indo', 'Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V.', 'largest food retail groups', 'EVP Supply Chain position', 'CEO Ahold Delhaize Europe', 'Green Initiative Award', 'top online retailer', 'leading online grocers', 'Brussels stock exchanges', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'OTCQX International marketplace', 'four growth drivers', 'former Ahold Group', 'great local brand', 'Ahold Central Europe', 'Super Indo fuel', 'Super Indo foundation', 'Super Indo families', 'information Press office', 'other similar words', 'Ahold Delhaize Zaandam', 'Ahold Delhaize brands', 'retail CEO', 'Salim Group', 'local communities', 'growth ambition', 'omnichannel growth', 'other initiatives', 'other factors', 'other disclosures', 'Brand President', 'joint venture', 'life balance', 'challenging period', 'Albert Heijn', 'COO endeavors', 'Wouter Kolk', 'long history', 'past decades', 'leadership style', 'starting point', 'expansion engine', 'omnichannel way', 'Indonesian market', 'Cautionary notice', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'Such factors', 'risk factors', 'public filings', 'current views', 'Social media', 'United States', 'sustainable retailing', 'healthier choices', 'best talent', 'operational excellence', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Ahold Indonesia', 'forward-looking statements', 'healthy eating', '55 million customers', 'management trainee', 'current role', 'specialty stores', 'Johan Boeijenga', 'Investor relations', 'Netherlands', '31 March', '5 years', 'search', 'successor', 'logistics', 'board', 'heart', 'company', 'contributions', 'character', 'people', 'number', 'sustainability', 'forefront', 'strategy', 'recognition', 'start-up', 'need', 'Ends', 'communication', 'will', 'expressions', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'aholddelhaize', 'Instagram', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'world', 'supermarkets', 'family', '413,000 associates', '7,452 grocery', 'Benelux', 'focus', 'purpose', 'vision', 'businesses', 'tomorrow', 'ADRNY']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18237,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000785.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1605 £ 23.9251 Estimated MTD return -0.44 % -0.42 % Estimated YTD return -2.19 % -2.05 % Estimated ITD return 171.61 % 139.25 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.00 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.59 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.0923 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.6487The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18238,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000719.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 09 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1605 £ 23.9251 Estimated MTD return -0.44 % -0.42 % Estimated YTD return -2.19 % -2.05 % Estimated ITD return 171.61 % 139.25 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.00 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.59 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 800 N/A Shares Issued 12 297 858 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.0923 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.6487The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', '800 N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18239,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/POSTE-ITALIANE-S-P-A-24446274/news/Poste-Italiane-S-p-A-among-ldquo-Top-5-rdquo-international-companies-in-the-S-P-Global-Sustaina-42956247/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Poste Italiane S p A : among “Top 5%” international companies in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2023,"(marketscreener.com)   POSTE ITALIANE AMONG ""TOP 5%"" INTERNATIONAL COMPANIES   IN THE S&P GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK 2023   With 87 points out of 100 in the Corporate Sustainability Assessment 2022    Poste Italiane confirms the value of its ES…","POSTE ITALIANE AMONG ""TOP 5%"" INTERNATIONAL COMPANIESIN THE S&P GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK 2023With 87 points out of 100 in the Corporate Sustainability Assessment 2022 Poste Italiane confirms the value of its ESG strategyRome  10 February 2023 - Poste Italiane is among the ""Top 5% S&P Global Esg Score 2022"" in S&P Global's Sustainability Yearbook 2023  the international ranking on Esg (environmental  social and governance) issues that has recognised the value of Poste Italiane's sustainability policies as a strong point in the company's strategies. S&P Global is the international agency that assesses companies in ESG area.The Sustainability Yearbook is based on the results obtained by companies in S&P Global's Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA)  which examined 7 800 companies and includes the most deserving in ESG performance. Poste Italiane is among the 27 selected companies belonging to the financial and insurance sector.""S&P Global's Sustainability Yearbook once again rewards the Group's achievements in terms of sustainability  the strategic driver of all our activities "" said Poste Italiane's CEO Matteo Del Fante  ""and underlines our contribution to sustainable growth capable of creating value for the country and for all our stakeholders.""The result obtained confirms the validity of the Group's path in managing environmental  social and governance issues "" commented Poste Italiane's Co-General Manager Giuseppe Lasco. ""The new award recognises the commitment of all Poste Italiane people in achieving the ambitious goals of the Group's sustainability strategy.""The presence in the ""S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2023"" adds to other numerous recognitions obtained by Poste Italiane  which is included in the most prestigious international sustainability indices  including the Dow Jones Indices for the fourth consecutive year  Euronext Vigeo-Eiris Indices  Euronext MIB® ESG  Euronext Equileap Gender Equality Eurozone 100  FTSE4Good  Integrated Governance Index  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Stoxx Global ESG Leaders. In addition to these  there are also ratings from important international agencies  such as the ""AA"" from MSCI  the ""A-"" from CDP and the maximum score obtained in the 3 E-S-G dimensions analysed by ISS. The Group was also confirmed by Sustainalytics as a top ESG performer 2022 on",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', 'Poste Italiane S', 'Top 5%” international companies', 'Euronext Equileap Gender Equality Eurozone', 'Top 5% S&P Global Esg Score', 'S&P GLOBAL SUSTAINABILITY YEARBOOK', 'General Manager Giuseppe Lasco', 'Stoxx Global ESG Leaders', 'prestigious international sustainability indices', 'top ESG performer', 'Euronext Vigeo-Eiris Indices', 'Euronext MIB® ESG', 'Dow Jones Indices', 'Matteo Del Fante', 'other numerous recognitions', 'fourth consecutive year', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'Corporate Sustainability Assessment', 'important international agencies', 'The Sustainability Yearbook', 'Integrated Governance Index', 'Poste Italiane people', 'maximum score', 'sustainability policies', 'sustainability strategy', 'ESG strategy', 'ESG area', 'ESG performance', 'international ranking', 'international agency', 'INTERNATIONAL COMPANIES', 'strong point', 'insurance sector', 'strategic driver', 'sustainable growth', 'new award', 'ambitious goals', '3 E-S-G dimensions', 'environmental, social', 'governance issues', '27 selected companies', 'The Group', '7,800 companies', 'AMONG', '87 points', 'value', 'Rome', '10 February', 'company', 'strategies', 'results', 'CSA', 'financial', 'achievements', 'terms', 'activities', 'CEO', 'contribution', 'country', 'stakeholders', 'validity', 'path', 'commitment', 'presence', 'FTSE4Good', 'addition', 'ratings', 'AA', 'MSCI', 'CDP', 'Sustainalytics']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18240,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEKAERT-NV-5971/news/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement-42949783/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,(marketscreener.com)         Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement Period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023 Share Buyback ProgramOn 25 February 2022  Bekaert announced a € 120 million program to buy back its own shares . The Pr…,"Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 25 February 2022   Bekaert announced a € 120 million program to buy back its own shares (the ""Program""). The Program was split into four equal tranches of € 30 million and all shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. The fourth and last tranche of the Program started on 18 November 2022 .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 77 132 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 2 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 685 39.40 39.66 38.86 263 389 MTF CBOE 4 086 39.42 39.66 38.94 161 070 MTF Turquoise 734 39.41 39.62 39.08 28 927 MTF Aquis 1 485 39.42 39.66 38.86 58 539 3 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 377 39.96 40.36 39.30 294 785 MTF CBOE 4 472 40.01 40.36 39.54 178 925 MTF Turquoise 879 40.02 40.36 39.30 35 178 MTF Aquis 1 667 40.01 40.36 39.52 66 697 6 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 708 39.90 40.12 39.58 347 449 MTF CBOE 5 163 39.90 40.12 39.58 206 004 MTF Turquoise 1 023 39.92 40.10 39.72 40 838 MTF Aquis 1 931 39.91 40.12 39.62 77 066 7 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 511 40.03 40.20 39.74 340 695 MTF CBOE 5 167 40.02 40.16 39.72 206 783 MTF Turquoise 1 007 40.04 40.16 39.86 40 320 MTF Aquis 1 935 40.03 40.20 39.74 77 458 8 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 394 39.86 40.04 39.68 334 585 MTF CBOE 5 009 39.88 40.06 39.66 199 759 MTF Turquoise 998 39.85 40.08 39.66 39 770 MTF Aquis 1 901 39.87 40.04 39.62 75 793 Total 77 132 39.85 40.36 38.86 3 074 030Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 1 600 shares during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 6 500 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 3 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 6 February 2023 400 39.80 39.80 39.80 15 920 7 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 February 2023 1 200 39.73 39.80 39.60 47 676 Total 1 600 — — — 63 596Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 February 2023 3 000 39.49 39.64 39.20 0 3 February 2023 3 100 39.93 40.40 39.64 123 783 6 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 7 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 February 2023 400 40.00 40.00 40.00 16 000 Total 6 500 — — — 139 783The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 40 736 shares.On 8 February 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 715 020 own shares  or 7.99% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'four equal tranches', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'last tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', '120 million program', 'fourth tranche', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '132 shares', '1 600 shares', '6 500 shares', '40 736 shares', 'Update', '2 February', '8 February', '25 February', 'Bekaert', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', '18 November', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '7 February', '2 September', '3 February', '6 February', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '€', '77', '4 715 020']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18241,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605673/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program-and-the-Liquidity-Agreement.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement    Period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023    Share Buyback ProgramOn...,"English Dutch FrenchUpdate on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023Share Buyback ProgramOn 25 February 2022   Bekaert announced a € 120 million program to buy back its own shares (the ""Program""). The Program was split into four equal tranches of € 30 million and all shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company. The fourth and last tranche of the Program started on 18 November 2022 .Bekaert announces today that during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 77 132 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the fourth tranche of the Program during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 2 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 6 685 39.40 39.66 38.86 263 389 MTF CBOE 4 086 39.42 39.66 38.94 161 070 MTF Turquoise 734 39.41 39.62 39.08 28 927 MTF Aquis 1 485 39.42 39.66 38.86 58 539 3 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 7 377 39.96 40.36 39.30 294 785 MTF CBOE 4 472 40.01 40.36 39.54 178 925 MTF Turquoise 879 40.02 40.36 39.30 35 178 MTF Aquis 1 667 40.01 40.36 39.52 66 697 6 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 708 39.90 40.12 39.58 347 449 MTF CBOE 5 163 39.90 40.12 39.58 206 004 MTF Turquoise 1 023 39.92 40.10 39.72 40 838 MTF Aquis 1 931 39.91 40.12 39.62 77 066 7 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 511 40.03 40.20 39.74 340 695 MTF CBOE 5 167 40.02 40.16 39.72 206 783 MTF Turquoise 1 007 40.04 40.16 39.86 40 320 MTF Aquis 1 935 40.03 40.20 39.74 77 458 8 February 2023 Euronext Brussels 8 394 39.86 40.04 39.68 334 585 MTF CBOE 5 009 39.88 40.06 39.66 199 759 MTF Turquoise 998 39.85 40.08 39.66 39 770 MTF Aquis 1 901 39.87 40.04 39.62 75 793 Total 77 132 39.85 40.36 38.86 3 074 030Liquidity agreementIn relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 2 September 2022   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 1 600 shares during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 6 500 shares on Euronext Brussels.The tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 2 February 2023 to 8 February 2023:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 3 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 6 February 2023 400 39.80 39.80 39.80 15 920 7 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 February 2023 1 200 39.73 39.80 39.60 47 676 Total 1 600 — — — 63 596Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 2 February 2023 3 000 39.49 39.64 39.20 0 3 February 2023 3 100 39.93 40.40 39.64 123 783 6 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 7 February 2023 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 8 February 2023 400 40.00 40.00 40.00 16 000 Total 6 500 — — — 139 783The balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 40 736 shares.On 8 February 2023 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 4 715 020 own shares  or 7.99% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.32,0.32,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'English Dutch French', 'four equal tranches', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'share capital', 'Date Number', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'last tranche', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', 'MTF Aquis', 'Total Amount', '120 million program', 'fourth tranche', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '132 shares', '1 600 shares', '6 500 shares', '40 736 shares', 'Update', '2 February', '8 February', '25 February', 'Bekaert', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', '18 November', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '2 September', '3 February', '6 February', 'Sale', '7 February', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '€', '77', '4 715 020']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18242,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-to-Participate-in-Upcoming-Investor-Conference-42958024/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  February 10  2023 DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference DBV Technologies   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced its participation in the virtual SBV Securities Global Bio…,Montrouge  France  February 10  2023DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor ConferenceDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  today announced its participation in the virtual SBV Securities Global Biopharma Conference taking place February 13 – 16  2023. Daniel Tassé  Chief Executive Officer  will make a company presentation on Thursday  February 16  2023  as well as participate in one-on-one investor meetings throughout the day.A live webcast of the presentation will be available on the Investors & Media section of the Company’s website: https://wsw.com/webcast/svb8/dbvt/1621296.A replay will also be available on DBV Technologies’ website for 90 days after the event.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'DBV Technologies', 'virtual SBV Securities Global Biopharma Conference', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Nasdaq Stock Market', 'food allergic patients', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'broad potential applications', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'North American operations', 'one investor meetings', 'one ordinary share', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'DBV Technologies’ website', 'global headquarters', 'Investor Contact', 'ordinary shares', 'Daniel Tassé', 'live webcast', 'Media section', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'intact skin', 'new class', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'Media Contact', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'Anne Pollak', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'company presentation', 'Angela Marcucci', 'Viaskin™', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'February', 'DBVT', 'participation', 'place', 'Thursday', 'Investors', 'replay', '90 days', 'event', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18243,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/EuroGroup-Laminations-pares-early-gains-in-Milan-stock-market-debut-42951722/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,EuroGroup Laminations pares early gains in Milan stock market debut,(marketscreener.com) Shares in Italy's EuroGroup Laminations  a maker of components for electric motors  jumped as much as 7% on Friday before falling back  as they started trading in Milan in Europe's second major initial public offering this year.https://ww…,"EuroGroup priced shares in the IPO at 5.50 euros ($5.91) each  giving it a market value of around 922 million euros. By 1110 GMT the shares had paired gains and were 0.8% above their offer price at 5.54 euros  outperforming a 0.3% drop in Italy's all-share index.""We had the foresight of focusing on the environmental challenge and catching the energy transition train "" EuroGroup CEO Marco Arduini told the listing ceremony at the Milan bourse  which is owned by Euronext.Arduini said that more than 50% of electric cars sold in North America and Europe use EuroGroup components.""Our order portfolio  which we'll work through over the next few years  amounts to more than 5 billion euros "" he added.The float raised as much as 432 million euros for EuroGroup and its shareholders  Euro Management Services - an investment vehicle owned by the company's founding families - and Tikehau Capital  bringing onboard some 140 new shareholders.The listing of EuroGroup  which follows that of German web-hosting firm IONOS earlier this week  was seen as a potential icebreaker for the frozen IPO market.Deals dried up last year as share prices plunged on dimming economic prospects due to rising inflation and the war in Ukraine.The company plans to invest the 250 million euros of fresh capital raised through the listing into expanding its geographical footprint and developing new technologies  as well as potential ""external growth opportunities"".Tikehau Capital co-founders Antoine Flamarion and Mathieu Chabran said in a statement that the success of the IPO illustrates the increasing demand from institutional investors for opportunities such as these.Tikehau Capital has reduced its stake to about 8.5% through the offering.EuroGroup's float is the biggest in Italy since De Nora's IPO in June last year  when the electrode maker braved markets to fetch a valuation of 2.7 billion euros.It has fared better in the aftermarket than Germany's IONOS  which priced its IPO at the bottom of the range earlier this week and whose stock was down 10% from the IPO price on Friday.($1 = 0.9315 euros)(Reporting by Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro in London; Elisa Anzolin and Valentina Za in Milan; Editing by Susan Fenton and Sharon Singleton)By Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro  Elisa Anzolin and Valentina Za",neutral,0.17,0.83,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.03,0.53,True,English,"['Milan stock market debut', 'EuroGroup Laminations', 'early gains', 'potential ""external growth opportunities', 'EuroGroup CEO Marco Arduini', 'energy transition train', 'Euro Management Services', 'German web-hosting firm', 'Pablo Mayo Cerqueiro', 'frozen IPO market', 'potential icebreaker', 'market value', 'offer price', 'share index', 'environmental challenge', 'electric cars', 'North America', 'order portfolio', 'investment vehicle', 'founding families', 'Tikehau Capital', 'share prices', 'economic prospects', 'rising inflation', 'fresh capital', 'geographical footprint', 'new technologies', 'Antoine Flamarion', 'Mathieu Chabran', 'increasing demand', 'institutional investors', 'De Nora', 'electrode maker', 'Elisa Anzolin', 'Valentina Za', 'Susan Fenton', 'Sharon Singleton', 'EuroGroup components', '922 million euros', '5 billion euros', '432 million euros', '250 million euros', '2.7 billion euros', 'Milan bourse', '140 new shareholders', 'IPO price', 'listing ceremony', '5.50 euros', '5.54 euros', '0.9315 euros', 'shares', '1110 GMT', 'gains', '0.3% drop', 'Italy', 'foresight', 'Euronext', 'Europe', 'years', 'float', 'company', 'Deals', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'founders', 'statement', 'success', 'stake', 'offering', 'June', 'markets', 'aftermarket', 'Germany', 'bottom', 'range', 'stock', 'Friday', 'London', 'Editing']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18244,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-SOCIMI-QPQ-Offer-Update-42955818/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : SOCIMI- QPQ Offer Update,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  10 February 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse   Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Ru…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  10 February 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Rules and concordant provisions  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI  S.A. (the ""Company"") hereby notifies the following:RELEVANT INFORMATIONWe are pleased to inform you that  in connection with the relevant events published on January 24 and February 3  2023  the Company has presented a new purchase offer FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION OF OPTIONS ON THE SHARES OF QUID PRO QUO ALQUILER SEGURO SOCIMI S.A. (hereinafter  the ""Offer"").The Offer will be made through a PURCHASE OPTION in favour of the Company by each of the QPQ shareholder´s willing to grant such purchase option. The fundamental terms of the purchase option are:Call option premium: €0.0625 per share subject to the option. Price per share in the event of exercise: €1.25 per share  and Execution period: From the date of notification  if applicable  of the fulfillment of the condition to which the option will be subject until and including June 30  2023.Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A. CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridRegistrada en el Registro Mercantil de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'SOCIMI- QPQ Offer Update', 'QUID PRO QUO ALQUILER SEGURO SOCIMI S.A.', 'Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A.', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Call option premium', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'new purchase offer', 'PURCHASE OPTION', 'European Parliament', 'concordant provisions', 'ongoing obligations', 'RELEVANT INFORMATION', 'relevant events', 'QPQ shareholder', 'fundamental terms', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Registro Mercantil', 'Sección', 'Madrid', '10 February', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'Rules', 'companies', 'Company', 'connection', 'January', 'SUBSCRIPTION', 'OPTIONS', 'SHARES', 'favour', 'Price', 'exercise', 'period', 'date', 'notification', 'fulfillment', 'condition', 'June', 'CIF', '7º Izda.', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'ktesios-socimi', 'Tel', '34']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18245,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605640/0/en/AKWEL-2022-TURNOVER-UP-7-1.html,AKWEL: 2022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%,Thursday 09 February 2023  2022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%  AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems......,English Chinese (Simplified)Thursday 09 February 20232022 TURNOVER UP 7.1%AKWEL (FR0000053027  AKW  PEA-eligible)  the automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid and mechanism management and structural parts for electric vehicles  posted consolidated revenue of €988.5m for 2022.Consolidated turnover (1 January to 31 December)In € millions - unaudited 2022 2021 Variation Like-for-like variation (1) 1st quarter 245.8 273.3 -10.1% -4.4% 2nd quarter 242.3 214.3 +13.1% +16.9% 3rd quarter 251.1 211.5 +18.7% +22.3% 4th quarter 249.4 223.5 +11.5% +14.6% Total for 12 months 988.5 922.6 +7.1% +11.3%(1) Comparing like-for-like figures.In the last quarter  AKWEL posted a consolidated turnover of €249.4 million  up by 11.5% when comparing published figures and by 14.6% when taking exchange rates and scope as constants.With this third consecutive quarter of increased activity  in an environment that continues to be disrupted by component shortages and inflation  the Group ends 2022 with a 7.1% annual increase in turnover compared with 2021.On a like-for-like basis  the increase in annual turnover was +11.3%.The Products and Functions turnover stood at €951.4m  up by 7.8%  with an increase across almost all of the Group's product linesNet cash excluding lease obligations fell by €7.6m in Q4 to reach €115.1m at closing  an increase of €6.7m over the year.As expected  the Group’s profitability was impacted by supply constraints and the difficulties in passing on the inflationary impacts recorded across all operating costs  with current operating income expected to fall by around 40% for 2022.For the 2023 financial year  in an environment in which visibility over the global automotive market remains very limited  AKWEL anticipates a slight increase in turnover.An independent  family-owned group listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange  AKWEL is an automotive and HGV equipment and systems manufacturer specialising in fluid management  mechanisms  and structural components for electric vehicles. The Group achieves this by relying on state-of-the-art industrial and technological expertise in applying and processing materials (plastics  rubber  metal) and mechatronic integration.Operating in 20 countries across every continent  AKWEL employs 10 000 people worldwide.Euronext Paris – Compartment B – ISIN: FR0000053027 – Reuters: AKW.PA – Bloomberg: AKW:FPAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['AKWEL', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'current operating income', 'third consecutive quarter', 'global automotive market', 'independent, family-owned group', 'exchange rates', 'operating costs', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'English Chinese', 'HGV equipment', 'systems manufacturer', 'mechanism management', 'structural parts', 'electric vehicles', 'component shortages', 'The Products', 'product lines', 'Net cash', 'lease obligations', 'supply constraints', 'inflationary impacts', 'structural components', 'technological expertise', 'processing materials', 'mechatronic integration', 'Compartment B', 'Consolidated turnover', 'annual turnover', 'Functions turnover', 'The Group', '2023 financial year', 'fluid management', '7.1% annual increase', 'slight increase', 'AKW.PA', 'Thursday', 'February', 'AKWEL', 'PEA', 'revenue', 'January', '31 December', 'Variation', '12 months', 'figures', 'scope', 'constants', 'activity', 'environment', 'basis', 'Q4', 'closing', 'profitability', 'difficulties', 'visibility', 'mechanisms', 'state', 'industrial', 'plastics', 'rubber', 'metal', '20 countries', 'continent', '10,000 people', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '€', '2022']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18246,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605618/0/en/Famatown-Finance-Limited-announces-candidates-for-the-Euronav-supervisory-board.html,Famatown Finance Limited announces candidates for the Euronav supervisory board,LIMASSOL  Cyprus  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Famatown Finance Limited1 (“Famatown” or “the company”) announces that  with respect to the EGM of Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN  Euronext: EURN) planned for 23 March 2023  it intends to exercise its shareholder ri…,LIMASSOL  Cyprus  Feb. 09  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Famatown Finance Limited1 (“Famatown” or “the company”) announces that  with respect to the EGM of Euronav NV (NYSE: EURN  Euronext: EURN) planned for 23 March 2023  it intends to exercise its shareholder rights and propose as candidates for the Euronav supervisory board Mr. John Fredriksen and Mr. Cato H. Stonex. The bios of Mr. Fredriksen and Mr. Stonex are included below. The company will take the necessary steps in view of the EGM to formalize this proposal.Famatown further fully reserves its rights as shareholder  including its rights to make further proposals for amendment of the EGM and to exercise its voting rights in its full discretion.Mr. John Fredriksen (born 10th May 1944) is a Norwegian-born Cypriot businessman based in London. Trusts settled by Mr. Fredriksen for the benefit of his close family members control significant interests in shipping  offshore  property  fish farming and other industries where the most known shipping interests are the publicly listed companies Frontline Plc  Golden Ocean Ltd  SFL Corp. Ltd  Flex LNG Ltd and Avance Gas ASA. He has over the last seven decades become one of the most prominent figures in the shipping industry with the key philosophy being efficient and transparent business operations focused on generating shareholder returns.Mr. Cato H. Stonex (born 17th December 1963) is a British Citizen and has had a long career in Fund management  initially with J Rothschild Investment Management. He was then a founder partner of Taube Hodson Stonex for 20 years  which managed institutional portfolios of Global Equity mandates. THS was sold to GAM in 2016  since when he has established Partners Investment Company  which has focused on stock picking in small and mid-cap equities  largely in Europe. In 2021 Partners Investment Company LLP became Stonex Capital Partners Ltd and that same year Cato also funded WMC Capital LTD  an investment company focused on the recovery of the global shipping industry. He has also been involved in a range of other business areas. He has been a long-term investor in German property and is a founder and director of Obotritia  a German conglomerate with interests in property  venture capital and banking. Since 2016 he has been a director of two Spanish property companies  Axiare and Arima  the first of which was sold in 2018 and the second which is listed on the Madrid stock exchange. He has a range of other private business interests. He holds an undergraduate degree from the London School of Economics and Political Science  where he served for ten years as a Governor and is now an Emeritus Governor. He has chaired its Development Committee and is now an advisor to the Endowment Investment Committee. He is closely involved with LSE Ideas  a leading academic think tank.Cautionary StatementsStatements contained in this press release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements include words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “estimate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “project ” “could ” “may ” “might ” “should ” “will” and similar words and specifically include statements relating to future financial performance and shareholder value. Forward-looking statements are aspirational and are not guarantees or promises that such expectations  plans  or goals will be met. They are also subject to numerous risks  uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking or other statements  except as required by law and notwithstanding any historical practice of doing so.Investor & Media Contact:Elena Varnavaelena.varnava@seatankers.com.cy+ 357 25 8583001 According to a Schedule 13D/A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 26  2023  Famatown Finance Limited and entities related to it reported beneficial ownership of 50 426 478 ordinary shares of Euronav NV  representing 24.99% of its outstanding ordinary shares.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Famatown Finance Limited', 'Euronav supervisory board', 'candidates', 'leading academic think tank', 'J Rothschild Investment Management', 'Stonex Capital Partners Ltd', 'Mr. Cato H. Stonex', 'Partners Investment Company LLP', 'two Spanish property companies', 'other private business interests', 'Taube Hodson Stonex', 'transparent business operations', 'Golden Ocean Ltd', 'SFL Corp. Ltd', 'Flex LNG Ltd', 'WMC Capital LTD', 'other business areas', 'Norwegian-born Cypriot businessman', 'close family members', 'Avance Gas ASA', 'last seven decades', 'Global Equity mandates', 'future financial performance', 'Endowment Investment Committee', 'U.S. Securities', 'Mr. John Fredriksen', 'Euronav supervisory board', 'Madrid stock exchange', 'Famatown Finance Limited1', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'global shipping industry', 'Mr. Stonex', 'Mr. Fredriksen', 'Securities Act', 'Fund management', 'venture capital', '50,426,478 ordinary shares', 'other industries', 'Exchange Commission', 'stock picking', 'Development Committee', 'other statements', 'Euronav NV', 'significant interests', 'shipping interests', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'necessary steps', 'full discretion', '10th May', 'fish farming', 'Frontline Plc', 'prominent figures', 'key philosophy', 'British Citizen', 'long career', 'institutional portfolios', 'mid-cap equities', 'German property', 'German conglomerate', 'undergraduate degree', 'Political Science', 'LSE Ideas', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'numerous risks', 'actual results', 'particular statement', 'historical practice', 'Media Contact', 'Schedule 13D/A', 'beneficial ownership', 'shareholder returns', 'shareholder value', 'forward-looking statement', 'Cautionary Statements', 'looking statements', 'voting rights', 'founder partner', 'long-term investor', 'London School', 'ten years', 'Emeritus Governor', 'similar words', 'Elena Varnava', 'shareholder rights', '20 years', 'LIMASSOL', 'Cyprus', 'Feb.', 'respect', 'EGM', 'NYSE', 'Euronext', 'EURN', '23 March', 'candidates', 'bios', 'view', 'proposal', 'amendment', 'Trusts', 'benefit', 'offshore', 'efficient', '17th', 'GAM', 'small', 'Europe', 'recovery', 'range', 'director', 'Obotritia', 'banking', 'Axiare', 'Arima', 'Economics', 'advisor', 'meaning', 'Section', 'phrases', 'believe', 'estimate', 'plan', 'project', 'guarantees', 'promises', 'expectations', 'goals', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'law', 'January', 'entities', '2021']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18247,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2606135/0/en/IPSEN-Monthly-information-relative-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital.html,IPSEN: Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital            (in accordance with Article L.233-8...,English FrenchMonthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital(in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market: Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010259150LEI: 549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11Date Total number of shares composing the share capital Total number of voting rights (1) 31 January 2023 83 814 526 Gross total* of voting rights: 132 088 096 Net total** of voting rights: 130 905 346(1) Existence of a statutory clause imposing an obligation to declare threshold crossing complementary to the one relative to the legal thresholds (Article 10).* Gross total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  including the number of shares which benefit of double voting rights and the number of treasury shares. The « Gross total » is used as a basis for the calculation of threshold crossings.** Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares – shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'IPSEN', 'information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'double voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory clause', 'legal thresholds', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Article L.', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'accordance', 'Market', 'LEI', 'Date', 'January', 'Existence', 'obligation', 'basis', 'calculation', 'Attachment']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18248,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4577420-euronext-n-v-euxtf-q4-2022-earnings-call-transcript,Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 10  2023 3:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing...,Euronext N.V. (OTCPK:EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call February 10  2023 3:00 AM ETCompany ParticipantsStephane Boujnah - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing BoardGiorgio Modica - Chief Financial OfficerSimon Gallagher - Head of Cash and DerivativesAnthony Attia - Global Head of Primary Markets and Post TradeConference Call ParticipantsKyle Voigt - KBWMike Werner - UBSHaley Tam - Credit SuisseBruce Hamilton - Morgan StanleyEnrico Bolzoni - JP MorganIan White - Autonomous ResearchJohannes Thormann - HSBCGreg Simpson - BNP ParibasOperatorHello and welcome to the Euronext Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Results. My name is Caroline  and I'll be your coordinator for today's event. [Operator Instructions] However  you will have the opportunity to ask questions at the end of the call. [Operator Instructions]I will now hand over to your host  Stephane Boujnah  Euronext's CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board joined by Giorgio Modica  Euronext's CFO to begin today's conference. Thank you.Giorgio ModicaGood morning  everybody and thank you for joining us this morning for the Euronext fourth quarter and full-year 2022 results conference call and webcast. I am Stephane Boujnah  CEO and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext. And I will start with the highlights of the full year and the fourth quarter. Giorgio Modica  the Euronext CFO will then further develop the main business and the financial highlights of the fourth quarter.As an introduction  I would like to highlight three points. First  Euronext is stronger than ever. Euronext is now present in the full value chain and Euronext confirmed its leadership position in listing and in trading in Europe. In addition our revenue demonstrated strong resilience  thanks to our diversified business model.Second  we beat our 2022 cost guidance  thanks to cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Third  we are well-advanced in the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and by the end of 2023  we will reach EUR70 million of cumulative run rate synergies. We are now in a position to upgrade our 2024 synergy target by EUR15 million to EUR115 million of annual run rate synergies.Let me give you some more detail on each of those points. First  as I said Euronext is today the leading listing venue in Europe for equity  and for that globally. And we are also the largest venue for equity trading in Europe representing 2 times the volume traded on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse. We are now a top-ranking Post Trade infrastructure operator through Euronext Clearing and Euronext Securities. This is all the result of our diversification strategy. And this major transformation is reflected in our 2022 performance where 58% of our underlying revenue is now non-volume related.2022 was also a strong year in terms of financial performance. In 2022 Euronext reached record underlying revenues  an income above EUR1.4 billion. This is up plus 13%  compared to 2021. We generated plus EUR120.2 million additional revenue in 2022  compared to ‘21  which was a very strong reference shows as you may remember. This strong 2022 performance was driven by the strong performance of non-volume related businesses and enhanced revenue capture.And in trading  we recorded a very strong year for power and for ForEx trading. The softer volume environment for cash equity trading in the second half of 2022 was clearly offset by significant and efficient management of yield and a real uptick in market share from October 2022. Our Post Trade franchise significantly benefited from the consolidation of Euronext Clearing and Euronext Securities Milan  which were acquired as part of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition in April ‘21. The diversified business of the Euronext Securities allowed us to capture value as settlement activity stabilized in H2 2022.I would -- like especially to highlight the performance of our listing business  which grew by plus 15.1% and reported solid listing activities with 83 new listings in 2022. In particular  we welcomed 20 international companies  which in my view is the recognition that Euronext  Euronext market in Europe are now the venue of choice for listing in Europe. Furthermore our Advanced Data Services business increased by plus 15.5%  reflecting growth across the real-time and non-real-time data business  as well as index growth.Lastly  following the successful migration of our Core Data Centre to Bergamo in June 2022  we significantly scaled up our Technology Solutions business reaching over EUR100 million in revenue now. That's why  as mentioned earlier  the share of non-volume related revenue represented 58% of our top line in 2022 and accounted for 141% of operating costs excluding D&A.And that brings me to our ongoing focus on cost discipline on slide five with a bigger picture on financials. Thanks to strong cost discipline and several positive one-off impacts of the year  we overachieved or revised cost guidance of EUR612 million  down from an initial cost guidance  as you may remember it  up EUR622 million  because we reported EUR606.1 million of underlying expenses excluding D&A. And this was achieved despite inflationary pressures  despite pressure on supply chains that everyone experiences.Consequently  our 2022 adjusted EBITDA grew double-digit to EUR861.6 million. This translated into an adjusted EBITDA margin at 58.7%. Overall  this performance resulted in a plus 5.7% increase of adjusted net income to EUR555.3 million. Adjusted EPS was down minus 4.8% to EUR5.21 per share. And this reflects the higher number of outstanding shares of our 2022  compared to 2021.On a reported basis  net income is up plus 6% to EUR437.8 million. Consequently a dividend of EUR2.22 per share will be proposed at our upcoming Annual General Meeting in May. These dividend represent a payout ratio of 50% of reported net income adjusted for the EUR49 million pretax or EUR35 million post tax one-off loss related to the partial disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio announced in Q2 2022. And this dividend is EUR0.29 more than the ‘21 dividend per share. It is an increase of plus 13%.Moving now to the Q4 performance on slide six. Euronext reported a solid fourth quarter for 2022. The quarter was marked by strong performance of Advanced Data Services  strong performance of listing activities offset by lower revenues from business correlated with cash equity volumes. Underlying revenues were down minus 6.2%  compared to Q4 2021 at EUR347 million  reflecting the resilience of our diversified revenue streams in a low volatility environment.Despite softer cash equity derivatives and MTS cash trading activity  the strength of our non-volume related businesses enabled us to report only a slight decline in total revenue. First non-volume-related revenue posted a strong performance overall. Notably  as I said earlier in listing and advanced data services in technology. Second  our trading businesses that are not related to equity markets strongly performed. We notably recorded strong growth year-on-year in power trading and a solid quarter in ForEx trading.Last  we efficiently manage our revenue capture and regained market share from October 2022 in cash trading operations. This translated into non-volume related revenue accounting for 60% of the total Q4 revenue  and covering 130% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A.So Q4 2022 underlying operational expenses excluding D&A increased slightly to EUR159.2 million up plus 1.6%  compared to Q4 2021. And this reflect for cost disciplined approach to cost control and higher capitalized project costs offsetting inflationary pressures. Overall we reported an EBITDA  an adjusted EBITDA of EUR187.9 million and an adjusted EBITDA margin of 54.1%. This led to an adjusted EPS at EUR1.11 per share and an adjusted net income of EUR118.2 million. On a reported basis the EPS for this fourth quarter reached EUR0.93.Clearly ‘22 was a year of transformation for Euronext and we made good progress in our integration process and synergy delivery. The migration of our Core Data Centre from Basildon in the U.K. to Bergamo in Italy was the first key milestone of our growth or Impact strategic plan. This migration combined with continued cost discipline enabled us to deliver EUR34.1 million cumulated run rate annual synergies at the end of 2022 in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group.Looking forward  we expect to achieve around EUR70 million of our targeted synergies by the end of ‘23 alone with the delivery of several key projects. First  next month we will significantly change the dimension of our unique European liquidity pool  because the migration of Italian cash market to Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq will benefit local and global trading members and will allow an alignment of fees.Second  the other Italian markets will migrate to the Optiq European liquidity pool starting in Q4 2023. And looking further cost synergies with the termination of the Millennium LSEG technology contract. Third  Euronext Clearing would become the CCP of choice for equity clearing by the end of this year  generating revenue synergies. And the following year by Q3 2024 Euronext Clearing will also clear Euronext listed derivatives.Those good progress on integration mean that we are able to upgrade our synergy target. We expect total run rate synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group to reach EUR115 million by the end of ’24. This is EUR15 million more than the amount targeted until now. And this is almost 2 times the initial amount announced at the moment of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition.You may remember that in April ‘21 we committed to deliver EUR60 million of synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Today we are confident that we will deliver almost a double EUR115 million of synergies in relation to the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. So that demonstrates once again the strong track record of the Euronext teams in delivering operating performance and operating leverage.On the next slide  I'd like to take a moment to tell you in more detail about one of our key strategic objectives related to clearing. It's a key strategic project. Last month we confirmed the planned European expansion of Euronext Clearing to all Euronext listed derivatives for Q3 2024. As a result Euronext served LCH SA  a notice of termination for the existing derivative clearing agreement on 16 January 2023.As we already announced  the related termination fee of approximately EUR36 million to be paid to LCH SA is part of the EUR150 million envelope of implementation cost related to the growth for Impact 2024 strategic plan. Therefore  this amount will be provisioned in our income statement as a non-underlying expense in Q1 2023 and will be payable in 2024. When we embarked on our ambitions Post Trade Strategy our aim was clear. To offer our clients the benefit of scale and harmonization’s across European markets  while still maintaining a robust local footprint in Euronext market.For all clients this will bring margin efficiencies with the implementation of a new value-add risk model and a single default fund. It will also bring efficiencies across all asset classes with transparency on data  particularly on settlement leveraging Euronext Securities target to securities settlement platform. So the expansion of Euronext Clearing is really critical as it will allow us to manage the entire trading value chain of our markets by the end of ’24  and it will generate significant revenue and cost synergies.Moving to slide nine  we continued to deploy capital efficiently in 2022 through a number of initiatives allowing us to better control our technology and develop new services. First  in March Euronext Securities acquired the General Meetings  Designated Representative and Shareholder's Registers activities of Spafid. This strategic partnership has contributed to the high growth  but had its services offered through Euronex Securities franchise.Secondly  we have internalized the technology powering MTS and Euronext Securities in Milan as part of our plan to integrate our full value chain and our technology. In addition  following the completion of the strategic review undertaken as part of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group and our decision to divert from non-core asset  Euronext has disposed the U.S. subsidiary of MTS  MTS Markets International Inc.Importantly during this time  we have pursued very actively our deleveraging path  reaching 2.6 times net debt to EBITDA at the end of December 2022. And this compares to 3.2 times net debt to EBITDA at the closing of the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group. Together with our strong cash generation capability  this brings us to around EUR1.5 billion of available capital at the end of December 2022. And our progress has been recognized by S&P that upgraded their outlook to positive in 2022. And as you have seen it yesterday evening  we have been upgraded to BBB plus.So we are very well advanced on our integration. We are confident in our ability to deliver upgraded synergies  because  once again this demonstrates the post-merger integration track record of Euronext teams. And this confidence combined with our favorable liquidity position enables us to continue exploring external growth. We would be looking for assets able to contribute to higher organic revenue growth to provide scalability and to improve exposure to non-volume related businesses. Obviously always in line with our rigorous capital allocation policy.Finally  I'd like to take a moment to highlight the great progress we have made with our Fit for 1.5 degree ESG commitment. We [Technical Difficulty] achievements of this SBTi target have already been implemented such as the migration of the Euronext Core Data Centre in Bergamo  which is powered 100% by renewable energy sources. We are also pleased to announce that Euronext has been included in the Euronext Equileap Eurozone 100 and the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality France 40  two indices showcasing European companies that demonstrate a strong role in improving gender equality. And we have continued to push for a broader transition in our markets. We have launched the CAC SBTi index  an index for grouping companies within the SBF 120 that have set emission reduction target approved as being in line with the Paris Agreement 1.5 degree before.So I now hand over to Giorgio Modica for the review of our fourth quarter performance.Giorgio ModicaThank you very much Stephane and good morning  everyone. Let's have now a look at the performance of Euronext in the fourth quarter of 2022. I'm now on slide 12. In the fourth quarter of 2022 Euronext demonstrated solid results reflecting the strong performance of advanced data services and listing combined with an efficient management of market share and revenue capture in a challenging trading environment for especially cash trading volumes.As a result  and as already mentioned by Stephane  Euronext underlying revenue income was only down 6.2%  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 despite the relevant reduction of volumes  notably reflecting the strength of our diversified business mix. Briefly  listing revenue grew 3.1% resulting from a resilient equity and debt listing activity despite the tougher environment. We capture the majority of listing in Europe  remarkable this quarter were the high shares of company from outside of the Euronext market among our listing  accounting for around 40% of equity listing and demonstrating the international appeal of Euronext.Trading revenue was down 12.1% resulting from lower cash equity and MTS cash volume  partially offset by a record quarter for power trading and a good performance of FX trading. Post Trade revenue including -- excluding NTI was down 2.5% as a result of weaker equity clearing activity and a stabilized settlement activity.Advanced data Service revenue increased 7.3%. This was good performance across the offering both on real-time and non-real-time data  as well as on indices. Technology Solutions grew 1.8% driven by the good performance of colocation activity after the migration to the Bergamo Data Centre in June this year.In the fourth quarter of 2022 non-volume related revenue accounted  as Stephane said  for 60% of total Group revenue versus 58% the same quarter last year  reflecting high Advanced Data Services and Corporate Service revenue and revenues from services in general. Lastly  those non-volume related revenues cover 130% of our underlying operating expenses excluding D&A compared to 136% last year.Now I would like to move to the next slide  slide 13  for listing. Listing revenue was EUR53.5 million this quarter with an increase of 3.1% compared to the same quarter last year. This growth is driven by a higher annual fees  the strong performance of corporate service and the positive impact of primary and secondary listing revenue recognition over time. We have discussed already the impact on IFRS on listing revenues.In detail during the fourth quarter of 2022 Euronext maintained its leading position in Europe for primary equity listing counting 24 new listing of which  as I said  approximately 40% were international companies. In the fourth quarter of 2022 EUR310 million were raised on Euronext primary markets compared to a very strong Q4 2021 with EUR6.6 billion raised on our markets.As far as secondary issue are concerned EUR10.1 billion was raised in the fourth quarter of 2022  well above the same quarter last year. Euronext also reinforced its position as the leading venue for bond listing worldwide this quarter with over 53 000 bond listed across all Euronext market at the end of the year. And this despite a slowdown of the global bond listing activity due to the macroeconomic environment. This translated into EUR226.9 billion in debt raised on Euronext market during this quarter.Overall  this brings us to a total of EUR237.3 billion raised in equity and debt of Euronext market this quarter. Lastly  Corporate Service continued its growth trajectory across businesses despite slightly lower webcast activity in a post-pandemic environment.Let's have a look at our trading business on slide 14. I'm starting with cash trading. In the fourth quarter of 2022  we observed lower cash trading volumes  which were partially offset by efficient revenue capture and market share management  in particular we saw an uptick in market share from October 2022 not at detriment of revenue capture.Cash trading revenue was EUR65.1 million this quarter  a decrease of 17.9%  compared to the same quarter last year as a result of average daily volumes of EUR10.1 billion  a volume decrease of 17.2% and 3% fewer trading days this quarter. Average revenue capture over the quarter was at 0.50 basis point versus 0.49 basis point in the fourth quarter of 2021  reflecting the dilutive impact of Borsa Italiana market and larger average order size in line with pre-pandemic levels. As a reminder  we charge per value and per order explaining the dilutive impact of larger order size on our revenue capture.As I said  we reported an uptick in market share from October 2022 and Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 65.3% in the fourth quarter of 2022. In the past we were often asked about the sustainability of those metrics. This is why I would like to confirm to you that in 2023  we expect to maintain on our market  the market share greater or equal to 63% and our revenue capture to be around 0.52 basis point following the integration of Borsa Italiana cash markets to Optiq  considering current market condition and order size.Euronext has once again confirmed its position as the largest  the deepest  and the most stable liquidity pool in Europe offering the highest quality of executions with market participants. We are excited that our cash trading business will significantly change dimension with a migration of Italian cash market to Euronext state-of-the-art proprietary trading platform Optiq in the first quarter of 2023.Now  I would like to move to Derivatives trading. Derivatives trading revenues decreased 5.4% to EUR13.4 million this quarter as a result of softer volume environment  partially offset by a positive impact of volume mix on revenue capture and fee changes. Average daily volumes on financial derivatives in the fourth quarter of 2022 were down 12.7% from the same quarter last year  suffering from a strong comparison basis with high volatility in the fourth quarter of 2021.Commodities average daily volumes were down 17.2% in the fourth quarter of 2022  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021  reflecting a normalized trading environment. Over the quarter  the average revenue capture increased for derivatives to EUR0.34 per lot  up 12.5% from the fourth quarter of 2021  thanks to volume mix impact and fee changes.Lastly on Fixed Income trading. Fixed Income trading reported revenue at EUR22.1 million this quarter  compared to EUR24.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. This reflects an economic environment in Europe favoring money market and therefore repo volumes. MTS reported an overall robust performance in market dominated by increasing interest rate  with continued strong traction for repo trading offset by lower cash trading volumes.In the fourth quarter of 2022 MTS cash reported EUR12.8 million of revenue with ADV down 32.7% to EUR15.4 billion and MTS Repo reported EUR5.6 million of revenue with term-adjusted ADV up 36% to EUR397 billion.Continuing on trading on slide 15. The fourth quarter of 2022 saw a solid performance of Euronext FX in terms of both revenues and average daily volume  benefiting from the continued positive momentum with a high volatility and good traction of our matching engine in Singapore. Euronext reported average spot FX trading daily volumes of $20.1 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022  up 4% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021.Spot FX trading revenue increased 9.5%  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 at EUR6.7 million. Power trading reported EUR8.9 million in revenue in the fourth quarter of 2022  a growth of 4.7% year-on-year driven by dynamic volumes increased foot print in Nord Pool in Central Europe  U.K.  Ireland and a continued robust performance in the Nordics.In the fourth quarter of 2022 average daily volume day ahead power traded was 2.98 terawatt hours  up 7.9% with respect to the same quarter last year  and average daily intraday power traded was at 0.13-terawatt hour. This is an increase of 9% year-on-year. I would like to highlight the intraday trading volumes in Central and Western Europe reached record level this quarter.Moving to slide 16. Revenues from our Post Trade activities excluding net treasury income decreased 2.5% to EUR88.6 million. Clearing revenue was down 3.9% this quarter to EUR29 million as a result of dynamic bond clearing activity  partially offsetting weaker cash and derivative clearing activity.As announced with the Q2 2022 results  Euronext Clearing engaged in a partial disposal of its investment portfolio. We dispose the portfolio maturing after the 1st of May 2023 and kept the rest until maturity. The runoff for this portfolio is currently ongoing and almost completed. As a consequence  our net treasury income is not yet at cruising speed and this quarter amounted to EUR4.3 million. In this respect  I would like to confirm our target for NTI 2023. In the first quarter of 2023  we expect to reach 10 basis point margin similarly from the margin we have reached in the fourth quarter of 2022. And from the second quarter this year and onwards we will reach our cruising speeds at 20 basis points.I wanted to make a brief comment as well on the upgrade of S&P. What I wanted to highlight is that the upgrade of rating is not only linked to an improvement of leverage  but as well a reduction of clearing risk and our rank anchor rating moved from BBB to BBB plus as S&P has removed the notch downgrade for clearing and settlement risk. This gives us a significantly more upside as far as rating is concerned.Continuing on settlement and other Post Trade revenue including the activity of Euronext Security  the revenues were EUR59.6 million this quarter  down 1.9% year-on-year. This reflect the resilient top line of Euronext Securities  thanks to its diversified geographical footprint in a stabilized environment. For settlement  over the fourth quarter of 2022  the value of assets under custody at Euronext Securities increased to EUR6.3 billion.I'm now moving to the next slide  slide 17  Advanced Data Services reached record revenues of EUR54.5 million this quarter  up 7.3% year-on-year  driven by strong traction of our core data businesses and good momentum of Advanced Data solution franchise including quant research and indices. Investor service revenues were up EUR2.6 million this quarter  up 13.2% reflecting continued commercial expansion of the business. Lastly  Technology Solutions revenue was up 1.8% compared to the same quarter last year to EUR26.9 million  reflecting the good performance of colocation activity following the migration of Euronext Core Data Centre  and this more than offset the lower revenues from hosting services.Moving to the next slide  I'm now on slide 19. I wanted to give some highlights on our 2023 cost guidance. In 2023 Euronext expects its underlying expenses excluding D&A to be around EUR630 million  compared to the annualized second half 2022 underlying expenses excluding D&A of around EUR620 million. The slight increase solidly relates to growth initiative to develop our non-volume related fund business.In other words  we expect that the cost base of Euronext to remain stable as cost savings and synergies will entirely compensate inflation and business development costs. I would like also to add that on the revenue side  we have performed a deep review of our pricing strategy across products to reflect inflation. And we will have the effect of this activity in 2023.I would like as well to do a few comments on integration costs. Stephane has already partially covered that. Following the termination of our derivative clearing agreement  we will post the provision this quarter of around EUR36 million covering termination and migration costs. For the sake of clarity  this does not change our target of integration cost  which is set at EUR150 million. In addition  I would like to confirm our previous guideline in terms of integration cost per quarter that for 2023 will range in between EUR10 million and EUR15 million depending on the quarter.Moving now to the next slide. This brings us to the EBITDA bridge. Euronext adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was down 12% to EUR187.9 million  mainly from lower volume environment partially as we discussed offset by non-volume related revenue growth and maintain cost discipline in an inflationary environment. Indeed despite the pressures of inflation and despite the deployment of our strategic plan cost remain contained this quarter  as Stephane mentioned earlier  we beat our revised 2022 cost target of EUR612 million  initially set at the beginning of the year at EUR622 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin decreased as a consequence by 3.5 points  compared to the fourth quarter of 2021 to 54.1%.Moving to slide 21 for the bridge on net income. Adjusted net income this quarter was down 18.2% to EUR118.2 million  resulting from lower EBITDA  partially offset by the following elements. First lower D&A as in the first quarter of 2021 we had some write-offs as the one of the brand name of VP Securities  with as well lower net financing expenses mainly linked to the positive impact of higher interest rates  there are many moving parts in this number  but in summary  the positive impact of the interest rate on our interest income reported in the fourth quarter of 2022 is higher than the benefit from the interest rate swap we had in the fourth quarter of 2021 and it was terminated in 2022.And then I would like to highlight as well higher results from equity investment  representing the contribution of LCH SA and the dividend received from Euroclear. As a reminder  in last year Euroclear paid its dividend in Q1 and Q3. I would like to highlight that the non-underlying cost in this bridge are mainly represented by D&A and more specifically related to the PPA amortization of our acquisition.Lastly  tax for the fourth quarter of 2022 was EUR38.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 27.3% for the quarter. Reported net income was EUR99.3 million  and adjusted EPS basic was down 18% this quarter  EUR1.11 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS basic as well of EUR1.35 per share in the fourth quarter of 2021. This reflects higher number of outstanding share of the quarter compared to last year.Moving to slide 22 for the cash flow generation and leverage. The net operating cash flow post tax amounted for a negative EUR147.1 million  compared to a positive EUR145.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. This negative flow was impacted by a change in working capital related to Nord Pool CCP activities for EUR276 million.As we will see in the next slide  the balancing item of this negative cash flow is a reduction of the cash in transit for EUR297 million. Excluding the impact of on working capital from Nord Pool and Euronext Clearing  CCP activities net operating cash flow post tax accounted for 55.3% of EBITDA.Our net debt to EBITDA as reminded by Stephane was at 2.6 times in the fourth quarter of 2022  compared to 4.3 times in the third quarter of 2022  that was positively impacted by higher cash in transit as we just discussed included in the cash and cash equivalents. Excluding the EUR49 million non-underlying one-off loss on NTI  the net debt to last 12 months reported EBITDA was at 2.4 times in the fourth quarter of 2022.Moving on to the slide 23 for the evolution of our liquidity position over the quarter. As described on previous slide  you can see the impact of the short movement in working capital related to Nord Pool CCP activities in the net operating cash flow. As an illustration  our liquidity position remains strong  above EUR1.5 billion  including the undrawn revolving credit facility for EUR600 million  and excluding the cash currently in transit.As Stephane highlighted  while the integration of Borsa Italiana is on track  we can look for external growth opportunities  thanks to this strong liquidity position and improvement in our rating profile.And this completes my presentation  and now I give the floor back to Stephane.Stephane BoujnahThank you  Giorgio. As you have seen 2022 was a real pivotal year  we took advantage of our diversified business model  our business model which is much more diversified than many people think. We strengthened our core business with continuous leadership not only on listing and on trading  but also a very strong development in other businesses. We maintained our trademark cost discipline in an inflationary environment  which has affected everyone.And we have put the key projects of the Borsa Italiana Group integration on a very good track  hence our commitments in terms of synergy delivery for the years to come. So 2023  ‘22 has demonstrated that Euronext has the recipe for success  for cash flow generation even in tough environments. Also 2022 paved the way for future growth in Euronext now 2023 will be a real transformational year.First  our cash trading market share is expected to remain greater or equal to 63% and our revenue capture for the cash equity trading business to remain above what we call to 0.52 bps in 2023 after the Borsa Italiana markets migration to Optiq.Second our continued cost discipline and achieved synergies will enable us to offset inflation. The slight increase in cost only results from costs related to non-volume related revenue growth initiatives and savings and synergies entirely compensate inflation and business development cost. So the superior track record of Euronext in post-merger integration will translate -- will continue to translate in a strong cost discipline.Third  as a result  we have great  our 2024 run rate synergy target to reach almost twice the level of the first announced synergies back to the time of the Borsa Italiana Group acquisition announcement to what will be EUR115 million of run rate synergies by the end of ‘24. ‘23 will be pivotal  as I said  with the delivery of the key strategic projects that have been highlighted by Giorgio and I early on. And the continued cost optimization that will lead to EUR70 million of cumulated run rate synergies at the end of '23.And fourth  combined with our fast deleveraging  since the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana Group and as demonstrated by the BBB plus upgrade by S&P announced yesterday evening  we are now in the right position to look for possible external growth in the respect obviously of our strong investment criteria of return on capital employed above WACC after three or five years -- three years to five years.So thanks for your attention. We are now ready to take your questions together with Giorgio Modica  Anthony Attia  the Global Head of Primary Markets and Post Trade  and Simon  Head of Cash and Derivatives trading.Question-and-Answer SessionOperatorThank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take the first question from line  Kyle Voigt from KBW. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Kyle VoigtHi  good morning. Maybe a couple of questions from me. First question is just on pricing  some of your peers globally have spoken about taking larger pricing adjustment in 2023 given the inflationary backdrop  and I believe you mentioned that in your prepared remarks that you also took some inflationary adjustments. Just wondering how you viewed pricing in 2023 versus prior years. And in which lines we should really expect the most material pricing adjustments to come through?And then also just a question on the synergy realization slide in the deck and the timeline there. Obviously  some of the key dates are for the fourth quarter of 2023  so quite late in the year. So when we think about your 2023 underlying cost guidance  I'm just trying to get a sense of what level of actual realized cost synergies are embedded within that as that may help us think about the expense trajectory into 2024. And given those timing of synergies  is it possible that underlying costs may actually be down in 2024 versus 2023? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahThank you. So  Giorgio will answer your two questions  the first on pricing and the second one on the phasing of synergy delivery.Giorgio ModicaSo thank you very much for your questions. So with respect to pricing  I guess that the best way to describe what we were going to do is that mostly price are going to be increased in the non-trading activities. And the increase that we will have are around  I would say  mid-single-digit than some slightly more  some slightly less. But this gives you a sense of how much our non-volume related business will grow in terms of pricing.And if you consider that 60% of our business is non-volume related  this gives you a bit of an idea of what would be the price increase impact on our top line next year  excluding any other variables. So it's around mid-single-digit time 60%. Then on the line  this price increase we laid  I mean  I believe I indirectly answered saying that it's not really going to be the trading lines  but the other line. So this is for the first question.When it comes to the synergies  the way I can answer your question is the following. Let's start from the synergies that we have delivered run rate this quarter. So at the end of December 2022  we have reached EUR34 million of run rate synergies. What this means is that part of the synergies will hit the P&L in 2023. And this is going as well to contribute to making sure as I described that the key cost of the organization will remain flat from a P&L perspective.Then coming to the delivery of synergies next year  a few elements  there is going to be an important moment with the migration of Optiq in the first quarter  and this will have -- impact our P&L right after the migration. But then  you are correct  there are other cost and savings that are going to be delivered in the fourth quarter this year with the impact on the P&L of next year.So then  my last comment is that  this year we will deliver a combination of revenues and cost synergies. And as far as the revenue synergies  again  I already mentioned the Optiq integration  but we will have as well the launch of our clearing activities on equities.Kyle VoigtThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line  Mike Werner from UBS. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Mike WernerThank you very much for the presentation and the explanations  all very  very helpful. Two questions from me please. In terms of the market share in cash equity trading  and we know you've adjusted your pricing schedule  I think it was in November  we saw an uptick in market shares into the year end. The data that I collect  which certainly is not perfect implies that market shares have trended lower in January and ultimately in the first couple of days of February. So I was wondering if you can confirm if that's what you're seeing.And then B  just wondering  is this -- is that price adjustment in November  kind of  your final take  is this something where we could see further adjustments ultimately to protect the market share as we look at over the next couple of months?And then on the second question  just thinking about deleveraging  and I think the debt to EBITDA was 2.6 times at the end of this year  very similar level at the end of 2021. I know there was a bunch of restructuring costs throughout the year. But as we look out to 2023 kind of given your guidance on restructuring costs  how should we think about the pace of deleveraging throughout ‘23  assuming no M&A or no other factors involved? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo  Simon Gallagher will answer your first question on market share and yield and prices. And Giorgio Modica will answer your question on deleveraging pace and phasing.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So to answer the first question on market share  so you're right  we implemented a first batch of measures on pricing and liquidity programs in November last year  which was successful  which resulted in a three-point uplift in market share over the quarter. And certainly since the start of the year  what we're seeing is that volumes are soft  there is a lack of real economy liquidity in the market  which has had a slightly downward influence on market share because regulated markets tend to have a higher proportion of real economy flow than the alternative trading venues. And so  that's what we see as the primary explanation for the first quarter.To answer your second question  the answer is resolutely  no. This is obviously not the end of the pricing measures we are taking  and the changes in liquidity we are making. There will be further adjustments to the flagship liquidity schemes in March  alongside as Stephane and Giorgio mentioned the pricing adjustments to the Italian market post migrations. These price changes and liquidity schemes will not be yield dilutive. They will be pushing our liquidity providers a bit more and adjusting the intricacies of the LP schemes. So this is not the end of the story. Obviously  this is a very dynamic and ongoing process.Mike WernerThank you very much.Giorgio ModicaYes  when it comes to the deleveraging profile  I can confirm a few elements. Now  I believe you are the target for dividends  so it's EUR236 million. And then the other element is that we confirm two-thirds cash flow conversion post tax from EBITDA. So with these two elements  I believe that now we have  I mean  we have guided with respect to the non-underlying costs are related to the termination of the agreement. Those are the key elements of the equation. So again to summarize  around 66% cash flow conversion post tax  and EUR236 million of dividends to be expected in 2023.Mike WernerThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line  Haley Tam from Credit Suisse. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Haley TamGood morning. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Could I ask a couple about the revenue capture please in the equity market. So first of all  the Q4 revenue yield of 0.5 basis points was a step down from 0.53 in Q3? And if I've heard you correctly  you're saying that the supplemental liquidity provider scheme adjustments you've made are not yield dilutive. So I wonder if you could help us walk through that step down from 0.53 to 0.5  please just to understand the dynamics there?And then the second question  just to understand your assumptions for 2023  market share more than 63% to revenue capture 0.52 basis points. Are both of those numbers for after the Borsa Italiana migration or are they numbers that I should assume for the average through the year? And I do know that 63% is less than the 65% market share you had in Q4. So I just wondered if you could comment on that? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahOkay  so Simon Gallagher will answer your two questions on the revenue capture and on the phasing of the market share evolutions.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So I'll break down very precisely the variance in yield from 0.53 to 0.5. In the numbers are included a small number of non-equity items  so it's the Warrants and Certificates and ETFs notably. So if we break down the 0.03  0.01 of that was due to non-equity items this variance in volumes in non-equity businesses  which are ETFs and the Warrants and Certificates. So that leaves 0.02 basis points imputable to cash equity yield. Two-thirds of this 0.02 was due to changes in the order sizes.And so  how does this impact the 0.02? When markets tend to be a bit less  there's less volatility in the markets  order sizes as we've seen recently  order sizes tend to go up a little bit  which means there is less arbitrage opportunities from the electronic liquidity providers  which means order sizes go up in the market. And this interacts with certain features of our fee grid where we have fixed euro fees per executed order.And so this is two-thirds of that 0.02 is imputable to order sizes. One-third of the 0.02 can be imputable to other features of the fee grid  including partially to the SLP changes we made in the supplemental liquidity scheme. So if you break down -- if you break it down that way  the changes we make to the SLP scheme are largely immaterial in terms of impacts on yield. And there will be further yield accretive changes to the SLP scheme from the second quarter onwards.With respect to the second question  the market share number  I think can be seen as an average over the year as a base. And the yield  the revenue traction number is a -- and the market share is obviously a floor we see and is the minimum we are targeting. And the yield extraction number is post -- is the run rate post the Italy migration.Haley TamThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Bruce Hamilton from Morgan Stanley. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Bruce HamiltonHi  good morning  and thanks very much for the presentation and Q&A. I guess firstly just going back to the synergies  obviously encouraging that you've increased those. But could you break out the EUR115 million between revenues and costs? And just going back to the earlier question  given the consensus assumes  I think a reduction in absolute costs in 2024  is that kind of consistent with the way you're thinking about the cost synergies?And then secondly on M&A and balance sheet flexibility. In terms of your sort of EUR1.5 billion of capacity  I can see on slide 23 you've laid out  how you get there. But what's the sort of net debt EBITDA that you would be comfortable going up to temporarily to do a deal? And then just an update on what the -- what you'd view your current WACC as  as well would be helpful. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo Giorgio will answer your question on the synergies delivery on cost and on the balance sheet and debt capabilities.Giorgio ModicaSo let's start with the first one. I would like to highlight that the increase from EUR100 million to EUR115 million is mainly related to a better visibility on the opportunities on clearing. So this is the first element  then when it comes to the breakdown between cost and revenue  I will try to do my best  but there is a complexity is that  as we said from the beginning  the EUR115 million is an improvement of EBITDA  that includes sometimes project involving more revenue and more cost. So the best breakdown I can provide you with is the following.Let's start from the original target  the EUR60 million. The EUR60 million were broken down as follows  EUR45 million of cost savings and EUR15 million of revenue uplift. Now this EUR15 million revenue uplift  the significant portion of the EUR15 million is linked to the migration of Optiq. Part of which were going and the most relevant part were going to execute in 45 days. And this is clearly pure revenue synergies. Then the other buckets are around EUR10 million EBITDA coming from the migration to the center. And this is already embedded in our number  but involves more revenues  but as well more cost.And then the remainder that was originally accessed to be EUR30 million and now it's increased to EUR45 million is the clearing opportunity. And you will -- and then there are many moving parts because we'll clearly have more revenues  but as well we will need to upgrade and as we are doing the platform of Euronext Clearing. But on the other side  we will not have any more the costs that today we are paying to LCH SA  which are currently captured in our P&L. So this is the breakdown. Unfortunately  I cannot further break down the different project in between cost and revenues. So this is -- this I believe covers your first question.When it comes to the underlying cost of capital  I believe that Euronext is in line what we see as an average of analyst  and again  as I always stress  those are a point in time  so what I can say is that  I don't see a major deviation from what you analysts are taking as an average as our own cost of capital. And when it comes to the max leverage  what I would say is the following. And again  this is very tricky question  because it depends very much on the target you acquire that give -- would give us additional leverage.But as we commented in the past  we believe that in terms of pure debt capacity  we would have a capacity in the range between EUR1.5 billion and EUR2 billion. This is roughly speaking the standalone capabilities we would have to finance and impute that acquisition. And again  I would like to highlight that as you very well know rating and leverage consideration are very much target specific.Bruce HamiltonGreat  very helpful. Thank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Enrico Bolzoni from JP Morgan. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Enrico BolzoniHi  thank you. Good morning. Sorry to go back once again to market share  just a clarification. I would like to understand the market share you are guiding is something that in case you should not be on track to achieve; you would implement some changes in pricing or something else to make sure that you hit it or it's rather you simply saying that in light of your proposition your pricing in your relationship with customer you will naturally achieve? So this is my first question.And then a more general one  possibly related to that. Can you just give any comment in terms of what you're seeing in terms of volume migrating to dark pools  because it seems like these are increasing. And also interestingly the average order size are going down  while historically they have been higher in dark pools. So I was just curious to hear from you on this subject.And then finally  I mean  a number of your peers in Europe and also outside of Europe are increasingly doing partnership with technology providers. So I was just curious to hear your thoughts here. Is this something that you consider as well or you have more -- you think you have internal capabilities to develop all the technology infrastructure that you need to support your growth? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo I will answer your third question on the relationship with the providers of data services and data storage. And Simon Gallagher will answer your question about the market share dynamics and the dark pool development. We have made the deliberate decision to internalize within Euronext and to locate within Europe the businesses that are the most critical ones to our strategy and the operations that are the most sensitive ones to our operational leverage and operational performance. That has led to migrate our Core Data Centre that used to be in Basildon to new -- brand new data center  100% powered by green energy in Bergamo near Milan.We do believe that core data processing  core software  core systems  core data storage  core applications must be located within the European Union and must be managed by Europeans. We do use for historical data storage one of those technology provider that has facilities located in the Republic of Ireland. We do not intend to have critical applications  critical software  critical matching engine related platforms located outside the European Union  nor being managed outside the Group. So this is a deliberate choice we have done  which is consistent with our strategy.Others have done different choices in a different environment with different sharing of value with partners  with different profile of future dependency on third party providers. We have not taken the choice  we have taken the choice to internalize that and that was not done at the compromise of anything in terms of financial performance as you have seen it over the past few years.Over to you  Simon  on the market share and volumes.Simon GallagherThank you  Stephane. So to answer the first question on the two numbers of 63% and 0.52. So this is obviously an equilibrium between these two numbers. And the aim of this equilibrium is to maximize euro revenue extraction from the franchise. We believe that these two numbers represent the optimal trade-off for this year  obviously there is some room  wiggle room around these numbers. But the primary aim here is to maintain our role and our ability to price full value within the franchise across the various pricing segments.I just want to make one point. So beyond the explicit fees of 0.52  what is behind a lot of this is the management of implicit costs for investors  which is the quality of execution on our market. And this has to do with the mark out  the liquidity of our markets  which is by all published papers vastly superior to the alternative market. So this explicit yield number is only a part of the story. And I'd even say sort of a minority part of the story. The bigger picture behind here is the design of our liquidity schemes and the partnerships we form with our partners in the electronic trading community.The second point about dark pools  there's been some small increase in these pools. I'd say two things  dark pools  if you look at the numbers remained very small features still of the European execution landscape. These are low-single-digit -- sorry  below 10% in terms of volumes and is constrained by regulation  right. So we have the 8% cap and the 4% cap on reference price trading venues.And the second thing  if you look at the revenue models of these pools  they actually charge less than that we do in the lead markets. Third point with respect to dark pools we are observing with great interest the movements in the regulatory landscape  and we will be very active in this space. And depending what's happened -- what happens there  there will be potential business opportunities for Euronext as well in the stock trading space. So I think that's what we can say there.Enrico BolzoniThank you very much.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Ian White from Autonomous Research. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Ian WhiteHi  thanks for taking my questions. Just a few follow-ups from my side please. Can you just clarify a little bit  your appetite for M&A at this stage  from the discussion so far  I'm sort of taking away that you'd be happy to consider a transformational deal at this stage  even while the Borsa Italiana integration is still ongoing. Is that a fair reflection of your appetite for M&A please?Second question  just any revised thoughts at all around the medium-term financial guidance that you've given for out to FY ‘24. And finally  just maybe a clarification please on the outlook for NII. I think you talked about getting to cruising speed 20 bps yield  but how have collateral balances trended there over the last sort of few months and what's the outlook there please? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo I will answer your first question on the M&A framework and Giorgio will answer the two other questions on financial guidance. The M&A objectives or the M&A framework remains the same. We want to continue the growth of the Euronext project in two directions. The first one is to remain open to single country or several country exchanges in Europe  who consider being part of a scalable project and who might be interested in joining the largest single liquidity pool in Europe and the largest single order book and the most powerful technology platform. So anything that would make Euronext more relevant for some European market infrastructure is clearly something that we will consider.The other avenue is always to pursue the diversification of our of our top line. The diversification of our revenue mix  because this call is very interesting. There are many questions on market share and yield of the business that represents 20% of our top line today. It's important  I appreciate that. But you may have noticed that over the past few years  we have done a significant effort to diversify in Post Trade  to diversify in other asset classes like energy  like ForEx  like in other services like corporate services in technology et cetera.So we -- the objective Post Trade by any M&A move will be diversification of our top line. And the other objective would be to accelerate growth to capture businesses that have a growth profile that can accelerate the growth profile of the combined entity. So we explore and we analyze all sort of situations. And clearly the fact that our deleveraging has increased  and that the rating has been improved yesterday evening to BBB plus.The fact that the synergies in Italy are in the very good track  hence the upgrade targeted -- that really target that we have shared with you  it gives us more confidence that we need to explore these opportunities again. But nothing very new or fundamental  just an improvement of the surrounding consensus around the same strategy. We'd always  always the same very rigorous framework that we want to deploy the capital of our shareholders in acquisitions that generate a return on capital employed above the WACC of the company between year three and five after synergies. So that's the M&A framework.Over to you  Giorgio on the mid-term financial profile and end of ‘24 guidance.Giorgio ModicaAbsolutely. Let me start with the net treasury income. I will give you a few more details so that you can have a better view. So the first element  I wanted to highlight is that  with respect to when we discussed the last time around the average collateral has actually increased  what we have seen are level at around the EUR22 billion.And in the fourth quarter of last year  these EUR4.3 million that we have posted as NTI represent around zero point -- around 7 basis points. So slightly below the 10 we guided. And this is the result of the fact that interest rates increase more than anticipated. And as you know  during the fourth quarter we still had an important point of fixed income portfolio in run off  but then in terms of euro million this is very  very marginal.If we now move to the first quarter this year  what we will have in terms of P&L is going to be a revenue capture  which is going to be closer to the 10 bps I guided. And we might have in euro million a result  which is in between EUR5 million and EUR6 million. Then after that we will see  collateral should remain in the EUR20 billion type of a range  slightly more  slightly less. And the cruising speed in terms of NTI should be 20 basis points. Then this is as granular as I can be  if you have follow up question  happy to take them.When it comes to the target of 2024  the only one I can put  we will not change the target is that within our current target of EBITDA growth  given the environment we see room for having slightly more revenues for an environment where we will have slightly more cost. So this is more or less the trend  so 5% to 6% EBITDA CAGR remains unchanged  maybe depending on how the next two years will evolve  we might be in a situation where revenue growth is going to be higher and cost marginally higher.Ian WhiteGot it. That's helpful. Thank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the next question from line Johannes Thormann from HSBC. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Johannes ThormannGood morning  everybody. And some follow-up questions please. First of all on the clearing business again. First of all  why have you delay in the margin improvement from 10 bps to 20 bps? I'm still lacking to understand  and will it be really fixed end of this quarter  or will we probably get next call the message again  we have another quarter running in 10 bps. What is driving this because investors here this is probably  anyway so it's just the worst time of the market?And secondly  on your clearing initiative in general  especially for the cash clearing  what incentives are you giving to the customers to move your business to Euronext Clearing away from LCH  because as I understand in cash clearing the customer has major part of the choice?And last but not least on the cash trading market share  historically you were about 70%  now you seem to be satisfied with 63%  which is also the revenue opportunity for the clearing business. So you're reducing your own revenue opportunity. What is driving your assumption to be satisfied with 63%? Thank you.Stephane BoujnahOkay. So Giorgio will answer your -- the first part of your questions. And Anthony Attia  who is the Head of Post Trade operations will answer your questions on the incentives  the pricing of our operation -- clearing operations and our market share in equity  cash equity clearing.Giorgio ModicaSo  I would like to clarify one element  you seem to highlight the level of surprise  but in July 2022  we expressed a very clear guideline saying that  we would have had 20 basis point in the third quarter  then 10 basis point in the fourth and in the first quarter and then back again 20 basis point. And the result  so -- and we guided for around EUR20 billion level of collateral  which means implicitly that we guided for EUR10 million in the third quarter and EUR5 million in the fourth quarter. The actual result were EUR11 million in the third quarter and EUR4 million in the fourth quarter  which is  I would say  exactly identical to what we have guided in July 2022.So what is happening? And why did we get zero point -- sorry 7 basis point and not 10 basis point  simply that  when you have a small portion of your portfolio  which is fixed income  it means that the rate on the asset side will not change  whereas on the liability side where 100% of our ability are benchmarked to ECB rates  then you pay more. And this has a slightly dilutive impact on the level of NTI.Finally  on your question  is really true that we are going to have 20 basis point in the second quarter? And then  my answer is  yes. As a simple fact that in -- as I said  from the 1st of May 2023  we'll no longer hold any fixed income portfolio and for all of our assets and all our liabilities are going to be at variable rate. And therefore  we will make the spread between the interest we collect and interest we give back to clients. I hope this clarifies.Anthony AttiaGood morning. This is Anthony Attia. Thank you for your question. Let me detail for you the value proposition of our clearing internalization initiatives. They are five main points that I want to share with you. So first of all  we will offer the clearing services for cash equity for all our Euronext market excluding Oslo  but including Italy. So in the same default fund  on the same risk framework and the value-add risk model  we will be able to clear all our cash equity trade. This generate efficiencies on margin and default contribution to the client compared to the current fragmented situation.Second  we will be operating from a state-of-the-art clearing platform that we are currently developing with one connection for all the market. And the use of the extremely efficient set of technologies.Third part  we are working on offering competing clearing fees. There’s no need to get into the rest of the [Technical Difficulty] on from a clearing fee point of view. But it's the combination of these different factors that create this attractive value proposition.And last  thanks to our Post Trade investment on Euronext Securities  our CSDs  in particular in Milan  we will be able to offer extremely competitive settlement fees. And so the engagement we have with the clearing members presently show that we are in a very  very good position to succeed in the migration at the end of 2023. Thank you.Johannes ThormannThank you.OperatorThank you. We will take the last question from line Greg Simpson from BNP Paribas. The line is open now. Please go ahead.Greg SimpsonHi  good morning. Thank you for squeezing me in at the end. Maybe a follow-up on clearing  can you just talk about what the current market share of that LCH SA has in your cash markets? What are your expectations for when your next clearing goes live in Q4. And then you have fewer CCP in the background. So just interested in any thoughts on competition?And then a second question would be on  on the mid-single-digit price increases in the non-volume areas  can you share if there's any user feedback on this? Do customers generally just accept the price increases as they're essential or is there any signs that you just might try to say optimize the subscriptions  our market data for example. Thank you.Stephane BoujnahSo  Giorgio on pricing  and Anthony on the competition on clearing.Anthony AttiaSo on clearing  so we do not comment market share element of LCH SA or the Euroclear Europe  you can direct your questions to them. Nevertheless the setup that will be out at the end of the year is complete for CCP setup  which means that by default the trade done on Euronext Optiq platform will be routed towards Euronext Clearing and if the buyer and the seller select another CCP then the trade will be relative to these other CCP. So far this preferred CCP model creates an incentive for the year  for the CCP of choice to clear the bulk of the trade  because it provide efficiencies the way I commented before.Giorgio ModicaThen when it comes to your question with respect to price increase  it's actually a complicated question  but let me try to answer. So in general terms  clients are not necessarily happy of price increases. However  it is important to highlight that the general environment is -- in this general environment price increase are very common  everyone is increasing prices and therefore as well clients are accustomed to increase their own prices to their clients and receive a request for price increasing inflationary environment. So this is the first element.And we have not received any sign where our price increase were considered to be excessive. And clearly  we have deeply assessed that  making sure that price increase were commensurate to the quality of the service we provide. So this is the first element. Then you seem to refer more specifically to market data. And on that specific angle  what I can tell you is that  if you look  for example  at our -- if you look for example at our results in the fourth quarter  you see that the 7%  a part of that 7% is related to an increase of users.It's related to an increase of streams  which is quite surprisingly in an industry where usually there is attrition in terms of clients and number of terminals. And this reflect the new way of a mix way of working  flat -- part from home and part in the office where sharing screen and terminal becomes more complicated. So to make a long story short  we did pass the price increase that was generally well accepted by clients.Stephane BoujnahSo thank you everyone. As two words of conclusion now  I want to highlight really in my -- what is my view is that -- are the key takeaways of where we are today. We deliver diversification  our revenues are more diversified than they have ever been  and we will continue to deliver diversification. We deliver cost discipline in environment  which is quite complicated with inflationary pressure and we will continue to deliver cost discipline. We deliver post-merger integration for real with major projects already delivered in relation to the acquisition of Borsa Italiana  and new ones will be delivered including within a few weeks’ time with the Optiq migration in Italy.And we will therefore there continue to deliver revenue synergies and other post-merger integration projects. We have delivered deleveraging and we will continue to deliver deleveraging as demonstrated by the BBB plus upgrade announced yesterday by S&P. So we are extremely confident that this strong diversified cost discipline operating leverage focused company with great assets to expand the top line through the extraction of revenue synergies will continue to be extremely positioned to capture opportunities in ‘23.Thank you very much. Have a good day.OperatorThank you for joining. You may now disconnect.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'ranking Post Trade infrastructure operator', 'cumulative run rate synergies', 'annual run rate synergies', 'several positive one-off impacts', 'Borsa Italiana Group acquisition', 'EUR120.2 million additional revenue', 'Advanced Data Services business', 'Q4 2022 Earnings Conference Call', 'full-year 2022 results conference call', 'BNP Paribas Operator', 'Post Trade franchise', 'Core Data Centre', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Technology Solutions business', 'Conference Call Participants', 'record underlying revenues', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'strong reference shows', 'diversified business model', 'volume related businesses', 'real-time data business', 'solid listing activities', 'Euronext N.V.', 'softer volume environment', 'initial cost guidance', 'full value chain', 'volume related revenue', 'Euronext Securities Milan', 'leading listing venue', 'strong cost discipline', 'Euronext Fourth Quarter', 'cash equity trading', 'main business', 'listing business', '2022 cost guidance', 'Company Participants', 'inflationary environment', 'strong resilience', 'full year', 'revenue capture', 'strong year', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Managing Board', 'Giorgio Modica', 'Simon Gallagher', 'Anthony Attia', 'Primary Markets', 'Kyle Voigt', 'Mike Werner', 'Haley Tam', 'Credit Suisse', 'Bruce Hamilton', 'Morgan Stanley', 'Enrico Bolzoni', 'JP Morgan', 'Ian White', 'Autonomous Research', 'Johannes Thormann', 'Greg Simpson', '2024 synergy target', 'largest venue', 'Deutsche Borse', 'diversification strategy', 'major transformation', 'second half', 'efficient management', 'real uptick', 'settlement activity', '83 new listings', '20 international companies', 'successful migration', 'operating costs', 'D&A', 'ongoing focus', 'bigger picture', 'financial performance', 'strong 2022 performance', 'strong performance', 'financial highlights', 'ForEx trading', 'Euronext Clearing', 'Euronext market', 'Global Head', 'three points', 'leadership position', 'market share', 'index growth', 'top line', 'Euronext CFO', 'OTCPK', 'EUXTF', 'February', 'Chairman', 'Derivatives', 'KBW', 'UBS', 'HSBC', 'name', 'Caroline', 'coordinator', 'today', 'event', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'end', 'host', 'CEO', 'morning', 'everybody', 'webcast', 'introduction', 'Europe', 'integration', 'detail', 'terms', 'income', 'power', 'significant', 'yield', 'October', 'consolidation', 'April', 'H2', 'view', 'recognition', 'choice', 'Bergamo', 'June', 'non', 'slide', 'financials']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,seekingalpha.com
18249,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OXURION-NV-29715/news/Oxurion-Receives-Transparency-Notifications-42957358/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications,(marketscreener.com) Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 10  2022 – 7.30 PM CET Oxurion NV a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage ass…,"Oxurion Receives Transparency NotificationsLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 10  2022 – 7.30 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 9  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 3  2023  it held 12 528 163 shares of the then outstanding 466 875 130 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 1Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 8  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 1  2023  it held 17 693 115 shares of the then outstanding 466 875 130 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (5%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 2In addition  Oxurion informs the markets that it has updated the Transparency Notifications section of its investor relations website (https://ir.oxurion.com/shareholder-information/transparency-notifications) to incorporate additional transparency notifications from Negma  Thomas M. Clay/Epacria Capital Partners LLC and Philippe Vlerick/Bareldam SA disclosing their positions having crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the issuance of new voting securities in late 2022.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.09,0.63,True,English,"['Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Epacria Capital Partners LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'investor relations website', 'Thomas M. Clay', 'Philippe Vlerick/Bareldam SA', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Transparency Notifications section', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Negma Group Ltd', 'additional transparency notifications', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'new voting securities', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Transparency Notifications Leuven', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Conway Communications', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 466,875,130 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'Michael Dillen', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'DME patients', '12,528,163 shares', '17,693,115 shares', 'Annex 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'disposal', 'markets', 'shareholder-information/transparency-notifications', 'positions', 'issuance', 'late', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.30', '32']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18250,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENERALFINANCE-S-P-A-140214411/news/Generalfinance-profit-growing-in-2022-there-is-dividend-for-EUR0-43-42957563/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Generalfinance  profit growing in 2022; there is dividend for EUR0.43,(marketscreener.com) Generalfinance Spa on Friday approved its draft financial statements for fiscal year 2022  reporting a net profit of EUR10.9 million  up from EUR9.5 million in 2021. The board also proposed a dividend of EUR0.43 per share. Net interest in…,"(Alliance News) - Generalfinance Spa on Friday approved its draft financial statements for fiscal year 2022  reporting a net profit of EUR10.9 million  up from EUR9.5 million in 2021.The board also proposed a dividend of EUR0.43 per share.Net interest income 2022 amounted to EUR7.2 million from EUR6.2 million as of Dec. 31  2021  up 17 percent due mainly to the increase in loans disbursed  as well as the increase in market rates in the second half of the year  which resulted in higher interest income for the variable-rate advances component.By contrast  net interest and other banking income for the year just ended was EUR30.9 million  up from EUR23.9 million as of December 31  2021.As for capital ratios  the CET1 ratio was 14.55 percent  the TIER1 ratio was 14.55 percent  and the total capital ratio was 17.61 percent.With regard to the assigned debtors based in Russia  Ukraine  and Belarus  Generalfinance has an extremely limited total exposure as of December 31  2022  at approximately EUR100 000  a significant reduction from the December 31  2021 exposure of EUR2.6 million. Since the invasion of Ukraine  Generalfinance has suspended credit facilities related to assigned debtors operating in countries directly affected by the conflict.Equity as of December 31  2022 stood at EUR56.8 million  compared to EUR32.0 million as of December 31  2021.The change in equity is mainly determined by the capital increase carried out in the context of the IPO for about EUR20.2 million  the company explains in a note  after deducting the costs directly attributable to the transaction passed through equity  net of the related tax effect as well as the allocation of the profit for 2021 to reserves.Massimo Gianolli  chief executive officer of Generalfinance  said  ""The year 2022 was a key year in the life of our company; we completed  in agreement with our shareholder Crédit Agricole Italia  the listing of Generalfinance's shares on Euronext Milan  Euronext STAR Milan Segment  a strategic operation for us  as it allowed us to raise EUR20 million in new capital.""""We subsequently approved a new three-year Business Plan  with which we intend to grow further within our core business  the financing of distressed businesses through the divestment of working capital. From a business point of view  in the year we recorded strong growth in the flow of disbursements  amounting to EUR1.67 billion up 50 percent on 2021  with revenues up 29 percent; this confirms the steady growth trend.""As for the future  the company expects ""further growth in results compared to those achieved in 2022 and in line with the objectives defined in the recent Strategic Plan.""General Finance on Friday closed 0.3 percent in the red at EUR7.18 per share.By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Generalfinance', 'profit', 'EUR0', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Crédit Agricole Italia', 'Euronext STAR Milan Segment', 'new three-year Business Plan', 'Alliance News reporter', 'draft financial statements', 'variable-rate advances component', 'other banking income', 'related tax effect', 'chief executive officer', 'recent Strategic Plan', 'higher interest income', 'limited total exposure', 'steady growth trend', 'Net interest income', 'total capital ratio', 'Euronext Milan', 'new capital', 'core business', 'business point', 'strategic operation', 'CET1 ratio', 'TIER1 ratio', 'strong growth', 'further growth', 'capital ratios', 'working capital', 'market rates', 'second half', 'significant reduction', 'credit facilities', 'Massimo Gianolli', 'General Finance', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'net profit', 'December 31, 2021 exposure', 'capital increase', 'fiscal year', 'key year', 'Generalfinance Spa', 'Friday', 'board', 'share', 'Dec.', 'loans', 'contrast', '14.55 percent', '17.61 percent', 'regard', 'debtors', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'Belarus', 'invasion', 'countries', 'conflict', 'Equity', 'change', 'context', 'IPO', 'company', 'note', 'costs', 'transaction', 'allocation', 'reserves', 'life', 'agreement', 'listing', 'financing', 'distressed', 'businesses', 'divestment', 'view', 'flow', 'disbursements', 'revenues', '29 percent', 'future', 'results', 'line', 'objectives', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18251,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2605672/0/en/SATO-Corporation-s-Financial-Statements-and-the-Annual-Report-2022-published.html,SATO Corporation´s Financial Statements and the Annual Report 2022 published,SATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  February 10  2023 at 9:15 am  SATO Corporation has today published Financial Statements and the Annual Report......,English FinnishSATO Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  February 10  2023 at 9:15 amSATO Corporation has today published Financial Statements and the Annual Report 2022 as well as the Corporate Governance Statement 2022.The Annual Report contains the Report by the Board of Directors and the Financial Statements 2022. The Financial Statements are published in accordance with the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) reporting requirements. The format is Extensible Hypertext Markup Language (XHTML)  and the primary statements have been labelled with XBRL tags.The publications are attached to this release and the Financial Statements as an XHTML file. The publications are also found at the company website  www.sato.fi.Additional informationCEO Antti Aarnio  tel. +358 201 34 4200CFO Markku Honkasalo  tel. +358 201 34 4226www.sato.fiSATO CORPORATIONATTACHMENTSAnnual Report 2022Financial Statements 2022 presentationCorporate Governance Statement 2022Financial Statements as an XHTML fileDISTRIBUTION: NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.  Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fiSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2022  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 291.2 million  operating profit EUR 198.9 million and profit before taxes EUR 151.9 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 5 billion. www.sato.fiAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['SATO Corporation', 'Financial Statements', 'Annual Report', 'Extensible Hypertext Markup Language', 'largest rental housing providers', 'urban rental housing alternatives', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'sustainable rental housing', 'Corporate Governance Statement', 'ESEF) reporting requirements', 'CEO Antti Aarnio', 'CFO Markku Honkasalo', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'excellent customer experience', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'The Financial Statements', 'Financial Statements 2022 presentation', 'ATTACHMENTS Annual Report', '25,000 rental homes', 'sustainable development', 'primary statements', 'English Finnish', 'XBRL tags', 'company website', 'Additional information', 'Euronext Dublin', 'main media', 'comprehensive range', 'good access', 'public transport', 'open interaction', 'long-term view', 'net sales', 'investment properties', 'fi Attachments', 'XHTML file', 'operating profit', 'SATO Corporation', 'SATO Group', 'February', 'Board', 'Directors', 'accordance', 'publications', 'tel', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'expert', 'Finland', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'services', 'stakeholders', 'value', 'assets', 'investments', 'divestments', 'repairs', 'taxes', '9:15']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18252,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NETGEM-4779/news/Netgem-Disposal-of-the-French-Fiber-business-42949656/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Netgem :  Disposal of the French Fiber business,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  10 February 2023 In accordance with its strategy of refocusing on its core Streaming TV activity for telecom operators   as announced on February 1st  Netgem announces that it has reached an agreement to sell its consumer fiber…,"Paris  10 February 2023 In accordance with its strategy of refocusing on its core Streaming TV activity for telecom operators (B2B2C)  as announced on February 1st  Netgem announces that it has reached an agreement to sell its consumer fiber operator business in France. to Nordnet  a subsidiary of the Orange group.Netgem will continue to provide its television service netgem.tv to Nordnet for all ceded subscribers.Turnovers and gross margin of the business sold amounted to €4.7 million and €1.4 million respectively in 2022.The sale  subject to certain usual conditions precedent  should be completed during the first half of 2023. It will have a positive cash impact of around €3 million  the use of which will be the subject of a forthcoming communication.Mathias Hautefort  CEO of Netgem  says:“As we announced on February 1st  this operation is directly in line with the execution of our strategy to refocus on our core business. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Banque des Territoires and Réunicable  which have supported our development in France..”Financial communication calendar 20232022 annual results Friday  March 31  2023 (*)Q1 2023 business update Thursday  May 25  2023 (*)annual general meeting Thursday  May 25  2023  2:30 p.m.2023 half-year results Friday  July 28  2023 (*)(*) before market opening.ContactsInvestors and Analysts RelationsBertrand Soleilbertrand.soleil@double-digit.com+33 (0)6.23.31.06.53 Press relationsPatricia Ouakipatricia.ouaki@forcemedia.fr+33 (0)1.44.40.24.01About NetgemNetgem is the publisher of the digital entertainment service netgem.tv  which brings together in an integrated experience all the video content  live  on demand or by subscription available on the market  and allows access to them by all family members on mobile  PC or TV screens.netgem.tv is distributed  through a network of fixed telecom operators in Europe  under the brand of the operator (B2B2C model) to over 500 000 subscriber households.Netgem is listed on Euronext Growth.(ISIN : FR0004154060  Reuters : ETGM.PA  Bloomberg: ALNTG FP)This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nGpwZZeZam3KmJpxaJiYbWOZb2hiyGaWm5OayWRxlJyWbJxmxmlqaZzGZnBpmmhm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78530-2023-02-10-pr-cp-netgem-cession-activite-fibre-b2c-def-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.89,0.1,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['French Fiber business', 'Netgem', 'Disposal', 'core Streaming TV activity', 'consumer fiber operator business', 'usual conditions precedent', 'positive cash impact', 'Banque des Territoires', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Financial communication calendar', 'Q1 2023 business update', 'annual general meeting', 'digital entertainment service', 'fixed telecom operators', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'core business', 'Press relations', 'television service', 'forthcoming communication', '2022 annual results', 'TV screens', 'Orange group', 'gross margin', 'first half', 'Mathias Hautefort', 'Réunicable', '2023 half-year results', 'Analysts Relations', 'Bertrand Soleil', 'integrated experience', 'video content', 'family members', 'B2B2C model', '500,000 subscriber households', 'Euronext Growth', 'ALNTG FP', 'market opening', 'Patricia Ouaki', 'Regulated information', 'netgem.tv', 'Paris', '10 February', 'accordance', 'strategy', 'agreement', 'France', 'Nordnet', 'subsidiary', 'subscribers', 'Turnovers', 'sale', 'subject', 'CEO', 'operation', 'line', 'execution', 'opportunity', 'development', 'March', 'May', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'forcemedia', 'publisher', 'demand', 'subscription', 'access', 'mobile', 'PC', 'network', 'Europe', 'brand', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'ETGM', 'Bloomberg', 'publication', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp', 'netgem-cession-activite', 'email', 'company', '2:30']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18253,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VIEL-CIE-4790/news/Viel-Cie-Consolidated-revenue-2022-523-49-KB-42951553/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Viel & Cie : Consolidated revenue 2022 523.49 KB,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Paris  9 February 2023   Revenue of €989.6m   up 15.7% YoY   VIEL & Cie reported strong growth in activity levels in 2022 with consolidated revenue of €989.6m  up 15.7% on the year at current exchange rates…,PRESS RELEASEParis  9 February 2023Revenue of €989.6mup 15.7% YoYVIEL & Cie reported strong growth in activity levels in 2022 with consolidated revenue of €989.6m  up 15.7% on the year at current exchange rates. In constant currency  revenue increased by 10.1%.After increasing 12.7% in the first half consolidated revenue was up 18.9% in the second half of 2022  at current exchange rates.In constant currency  first- and second-half revenue grew by 7.4% and 12.9% respectively.Consolidated revenue by business segment was as follows:€m 2022 2021 IDB business 942.5 809.1 Online trading* 47.1 46.0 Consolidated revenue 989.6 855.1Bourse Direct has published consolidated accounts since 1 January 2022Fourth-quarter consolidated revenue was €246.7 million  up 12.4% at current exchange rates and 8.2% on a constant currency basis compared with the same period in 2021.The Company will publish FY 2022 results on 31 March 2023.VIEL & Cie comprises three core businesses in the financial sector: Compagnie Financière Tradition  with a presence in 30 countries  ranked third top global player in the IDB sector with over 2 400 employees worldwide  Bourse Direct  leader in the online trading sector in France  and a 40% equity accounted stake in SwissLife Banque  operating in the private banking sector in France.VIEL & Cie shares (codes: FR0000050049  VIL) are listed in Compartment B of Euronext Paris. For more information on our Group  please visit our website at www.viel.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Consolidated revenue', 'Viel', 'Cie', '49', 'Compagnie Financière Tradition', 'current exchange rates', 'three core businesses', 'top global player', 'private banking sector', 'constant currency basis', 'online trading sector', 'Fourth-quarter consolidated revenue', 'financial sector', 'IDB sector', 'consolidated accounts', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'strong growth', 'activity levels', 'first half', 'second half', 'business segment', 'IDB business', 'Bourse Direct', 'same period', 'The Company', 'FY 2022 results', 'SwissLife Banque', 'Compartment B', 'second-half revenue', 'Euronext Paris', 'Cie shares', '9 February', 'VIEL', 'year', '1 January', '31 March', 'presence', '30 countries', '2,400 employees', 'leader', 'France', '40% equity', 'stake', 'codes', 'VIL', 'information', 'Group', 'website']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18254,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/APTORUM-GROUP-LIMITED-49518117/news/Aptorum-Group-Regains-Compliance-with-Nasdaq-Minimum-Bid-Price-and-Receives-Nasdaq-Notification-of-M-42958023/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Aptorum Group Regains Compliance with Nasdaq Minimum Bid Price and Receives Nasdaq Notification of Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares Deficiency,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited   a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it has received two notification…,Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it has received two notifications from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) Listing Qualifications Department informing the Company that (i) it has regained compliance with the minimum bid price requirement under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1)  and (ii) it does not currently meet the minimum market value of publicly held shares (MVPHS) of $5 000 000 under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(b)(1)(C).The Nasdaq deficiency letter under Rule 5450(b)(1)(C) has no immediate effect on the listing of the Company’s Class A Ordinary Shares  and its Class A Ordinary Shares will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol “APM” at this time. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D)  the Company has been given 180 calendar days  or until August 7  2023  to regain compliance with Rule 5450(b)(1)(C). If at any time before August 7  2023  the Company’s MVPHS closes at $5 000 000 or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days  Nasdaq will provide written confirmation that the Company has achieved compliance and the matter will be closed.If the Company does not regain compliance with Rule 5450(b)(1)(C) by August 7  2023  the Company will receive written notification that its securities are subject to delisting and the Company may appeal the delisting determination to a Hearing’s Panel. Alternatively  the Company may consider applying to transfer the Class A Ordinary Shares to The Nasdaq Capital Market. The Company intends to remain on the Nasdaq Global Market and will actively monitor its MVPHS and will consider available options to resolve the deficiency and regain compliance with Rule 5450(b)(1)(C).About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications)  autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aptorum has completed two phase I clinical trials for its ALS-4 (MRSA) and orphan drug designated SACT-1 (Neuroblastoma) small molecule drugs and commercializing its NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical (menopause). The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development and ongoing clinical validation of its novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about Aptorum Group  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020. As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein. Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230210005119/en/,neutral,0.0,0.82,0.18,negative,0.01,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Nasdaq Minimum Bid Price', 'Minimum Market Value', 'Nasdaq Notification', 'Aptorum Group', 'Shares Deficiency', 'Compliance', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa', 'novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'two phase I clinical trials', 'Class A Ordinary Shares', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'Nasdaq Stock Market LLC', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'The Nasdaq Global Market', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'The Nasdaq deficiency letter', 'ongoing clinical validation', 'minimum market value', 'unmet medical needs', 'small molecule drugs', 'NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'new therapeutics assets', 'other similar expressions', 'additional consumer segments', 'microbiome-based research platform', 'detection diagnostics technology', 'Aptorum Group Limited', '10 consecutive business days', 'orphan oncology indications', 'Nasdaq Listing Rule', 'drug discovery platforms', 'two notifications', 'orphan drug', '180 calendar days', 'therapeutic assets', 'additional products', 'other filings', 'drug molecules', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'immediate effect', 'written notification', 'available options', 'systematic screening', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'application submissions', 'financial condition', 'organizational changes', 'continued service', 'key personnel', 'product assortments', 'growth strategies', 'supply chain', 'infectious diseases', 'metabolic diseases', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'delisting determination', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'autoimmune diseases', 'development results', 'APM', 'compliance', 'MVPHS', 'symbol', 'time', 'accordance', 'August', 'confirmation', 'matter', 'Hearing', 'Panel', 'commercialization', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'Neuroblastoma', 'menopause', 'pipeline', 'establishment', 'existing', 'treatments', 'Singapore', 'Agency', 'information', 'aptorumgroup', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'plans', 'prospects', 'meaning', 'purpose', 'cases', 'terms', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'target', 'projects', 'contemplates', 'predicts', 'projections', 'trends', 'operations', 'date', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'limitation', 'management', 'availability', 'challenges', 'stability', 'prospectus', '16 Jul']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18255,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/10/2606154/0/en/Information-on-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-Denominator-following-Conversion-Notice-from-NEGMA.html,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMA  Negma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 140......,Information on the Total Number of Voting Rights (Denominator) following Conversion Notice from NEGMANegma Group Investment Ltd. has converted 140 convertible bonds in Oxurion resulting in a EUR 350 000 capital increase. This is part of Negma Group Investment Ltd.’s EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1 that will allow Oxurion to focus on progressing its novel and differentiated back of the eye drug candidate targeting potential market opportunities of over USD 5 billion.Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 10  2023 – 07.00 PM CET – In accordance with article 15 of the Belgian Act of May 2  2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions  Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) (the “Company” or “Oxurion”)  announces the below information  following the issuance of (i) 10 359 116 new ordinary shares on February 6  2023  for a total amount of EUR 150 000  as the result of the conversion of 60 class B convertible bonds  and (ii) 16 233 766 new ordinary shares on February 8  2023  for a total amount of EUR 200 000  as the result of the conversion of 80 class B convertible bonds  pursuant to the Capital Commitment entered into with Negma Group Investment Ltd.Following completion of the capital increase through the conversion of the convertible bonds  the total number of shares issued by Oxurion amounts to 493 468 012  outstanding ordinary shares carrying voting rights (compared to 466 875 130 outstanding ordinary shares previously). This number will be used as the denominator for the calculation of the percentages of shareholdings.Therefore  Oxurion publishes the following updated information:Share capital (EUR) 76 706 161.32 Total number of securities with voting rights (all ordinary shares) 493 468 012 Total number of ordinary shares (= denominator) 493 468 012 Number of outstanding  granted rights to subscribe to securities carrying voting rights not yet issued: 694 000 subscription rights (“SRs”) issued on November 20  2017  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 694 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);60 000 SRs issued on December 23  2020  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 60 000 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);976 874 SRs issued on April 14  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 976 874 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);534 688 SRs issued on September 22  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 534 688 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);582 248 SRs issued on December 30  2021  entitling their holders to subscribe to a total number of 582 248 securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares);400 convertible bonds issued on January 25  2023  entitling their holder (Negma Group Investment Ltd.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the issuance and subscription agreement entered into between the Company and Negma Group Investment Ltd. on August 26  2021  and the addenda thereto dated September 2  2022 and January 25  2023; and100 convertible bonds issued on December 20  2021  entitling their holders (Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.) to subscribe to a total number of securities carrying voting rights (all ordinary shares) in accordance with the terms and conditions of these convertible bonds as attached to the Agreement for the provision of a Loan Facility entered into between the Company  Kreos Capital VI (UK) Limited  Pontifax Medison Finance (Israel) L.P. and Pontifax Medison Finance (Cayman) L.P.  on November 21  2021.ENDAbout OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10tom.graney@oxurion.comMichaël DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.com USConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304chris.brinzey@westwicke.com1 Press release Oxurion  06/04/2021  Press release Oxurion  02/09/2022 and Press release Oxurion  25/01/2023Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.27,0.36,True,English,"['Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Conversion Notice', 'Information', 'Denominator', 'NEGMA', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'Negma Group Investment Ltd.', '60 class B convertible bonds', '80 class B convertible bonds', 'EUR 15 million Capital Commitment1', 'Pontifax Medison Finance', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Kreos Capital VI', 'potential market opportunities', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Such forward-looking statements', '10,359,116 new ordinary shares', '16,233,766 new ordinary shares', '493,468,012, outstanding ordinary shares', '466,875,130 outstanding ordinary shares', 'Israel) L.P.', '140 convertible bonds', '400 convertible bonds', '100 convertible bonds', '350,000 capital increase', 'Share capital', 'regulated market', 'drug candidate', 'Belgian Act', 'major participations', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total amount', 'Loan Facility', 'retinal disorders', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'important role', 'successful development', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'various risks', 'Voting Rights', '694,000 subscription rights', 'Total Number', 'updated information', 'More information', 'Important information', 'subscription agreement', 'vision loss', 'novel therapeutic', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'other conditions', 'Conversion Notice', 'Oxurion NV', 'DME patients', 'Denominator', 'back', 'eye', 'Leuven', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', 'accordance', 'article', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'issuance', 'result', 'completion', 'calculation', 'percentages', 'shareholdings', 'securities', 'SRs', 'November', 'holders', 'December', 'April', 'September', 'January', 'terms', 'August', 'addenda', 'UK', 'Cayman', 'Limited', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', '07.00']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,globenewswire.com
18256,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Successful-green-retail-bond-issue-by-Etn-Fr-Colruyt-NV-42956916/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Colruyt N : Successful green retail bond issue by Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV,(marketscreener.com) 10 February 2023    Successful green retail bond issue by Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV   Halle  10 February 2023   On 8 February 2023  Colruyt Group announced the issuance by Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV of fixed-rate green retail bonds with a mat…,"PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium) - 10 February 2023 (17h45 CET)Successful green retail bond issue by Etn. Fr. Colruyt NVHalle  10 February 2023On 8 February 2023  Colruyt Group announced the issuance by Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV of fixed-rate green retail bonds with a maturity of five years for a minimum amount of EUR 125 million and a maximum amount of EUR 250 million. The subscription period for this issue started on 10 February 2023.As the maximum amount of EUR 250 million has been raised entirely  Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV  in agreement with Belfius Bank  BNP Paribas Fortis and KBC Bank as Joint Lead Managers  has decided to terminate the subscription period early on 10 February 2023 at 5h30 p.m. (CET).The Bonds (ISIN BE0002920016) will be issued on 21 February 2023 and an application has been made for the Bonds to be listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels as from the issue date. The expected payment date is 21 February 2023.In case of oversubscription  a reduction may apply. This means that subscriptions will be scaled back proportionally  with an allocation of a multiple of EUR 1.000 and  to the extent there are not more investors than Bonds  a minimum nominal amount of EUR 1.000  which is equal to the denomination of the Bonds and to the minimum subscription amount for investors. Subscribers may have different reduction percentages applicable to them depending on the financial intermediary through which they have subscribed to the Bonds. The subscribers will be notified of the number of Bonds allotted to them by the applicable financial intermediary as soon as possible.CFO Stefaan Vandamme: ""Since many years  sustainability runs like a recurrent theme throughout Colruyt Group's activities. The core of our mission is therefore 'to create sustainable added value together'. Recent examples of sustainability initiatives include the ambition to make freight transport zero-emission by 2035  the efforts to increase the sustainability of our buildings and stores  the commissioning of a new water treatment plant near the distribution centre Dassenveld  etc. The group's Finance department is contributing to this effort with the Sustainable Financing Framework. Thanks to the investors  the successful issuance of this green retail bond will allow Colruyt Group to continue its long-term investments  and in particular those in the area of sustainability  in a targeted manner.""This message should be read in conjunction with the prospectusdated 7 February 2023 (the ""Prospectus"")  which is available on the website of Colruyt Group  Belfius Bank  BNP Paribas Fortis  and KBC BankContact detailsFor questions on this press release or for further information  please send an email to investor@colruytgroup.comor debt.investors@colruytgroup.com(specifically for debt investors).About Colruyt GroupColruyt Group operates in the food and non-food distribution sector in Belgium  France and Luxembourg with more than 700 own stores and over 580 affiliated stores. In Belgium  this includes Colruyt Lowest Prices  OKay  Bio-Planet  Cru  Dreamland  Dreambaby  Bike Republic  ZEB  PointCarré  The Fashion Store and the affiliated stores Spar and PointCarré. In France  in addition to Colruyt stores  there are also affiliated Coccinelle  CocciMarket  Panier Sympa and PointCarré stores. JIMS operates fitness clubs in Belgium and Luxembourg. Solucious and Culinoa deliver food service and retail products to professional customers in Belgium (hospitals  SMEs  hospitality sector  etc.). The activities of Colruyt Group also comprise energy supply by DATS 24 in Belgium (fuels  natural gas and green energy) and France (fuels)  and printing and document management solutions (Symeta Hybrid). The group employs nearly 33.000 employees and recorded a EUR 10 0 billion revenue in 2021/22. Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV is listed on Euronext Brussels (COLR) under ISIN code BE0974256852.Successful green retail bond issue by Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV page 1 / 2https://www.colruytgroup.com/wps/portal/cg/en/home/investors",positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Successful green retail bond issue', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'Etn', 'Successful green retail bond issue', 'new water treatment plant', 'fixed-rate green retail bonds', 'BNP Paribas Fortis', 'Joint Lead Managers', 'CFO Stefaan Vandamme', 'sustainable added value', 'Sustainable Financing Framework', 'document management solutions', 'expected payment date', 'The Fashion Store', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'Colruyt Lowest Prices', 'minimum nominal amount', 'different reduction percentages', 'applicable financial intermediary', 'EUR 10,0 billion revenue', 'minimum subscription amount', 'food distribution sector', 'retail products', 'green energy', 'issue date', 'successful issuance', 'minimum amount', 'distribution centre', 'hospitality sector', 'maximum amount', 'subscription period', 'Colruyt Group', 'Colruyt stores', 'The Bonds', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'five years', 'Belfius Bank', 'KBC Bank', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'many years', 'recurrent theme', 'Recent examples', 'freight transport', 'Finance department', 'long-term investments', 'targeted manner', 'Contact details', 'Bike Republic', 'Panier Sympa', 'fitness clubs', 'food service', 'professional customers', 'energy supply', 'natural gas', 'Symeta Hybrid', 'ISIN code', '580 affiliated stores', 'sustainability initiatives', 'debt investors', 'PointCarré stores', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '10 February', 'Etn', '8 February', 'maturity', 'agreement', '5h30', 'CET', '21 February', 'application', 'case', 'oversubscription', 'subscriptions', 'allocation', 'multiple', 'extent', 'denomination', 'Subscribers', 'number', 'activities', 'core', 'mission', 'ambition', 'efforts', 'buildings', 'Dassenveld', 'area', 'message', 'conjunction', '7 February', 'Prospectus', 'website', 'questions', 'information', 'email', 'colruytgroup', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'OKay', 'Bio-Planet', 'Cru', 'Dreamland', 'Dreambaby', 'ZEB', 'Spar', 'addition', 'Coccinelle', 'CocciMarket', 'JIMS', 'Solucious', 'Culinoa', 'hospitals', 'SMEs', 'DATS', 'fuels', 'printing', '33.000 employees', 'portal', 'cg', '700']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18257,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/S-D-STANDARD-ETC-PLC-7660591/news/S-D-Standard-ETC-Q4-Financial-Report-31-12-2022-42950382/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,S D Standard ETC : Q4 Financial Report 31.12.2022,(marketscreener.com)   S.D. STANDARD ETC PLC   FOURTH QUARTER REPORT 2022     CONTENTS      STATEMENT OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER RESPONSIBLE        ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/S-D-STANDARD-ETC-…,"S.D. STANDARD ETC PLC (FORMER S.D. STANDARD DRILLING PLC) FOURTH QUARTER REPORT 2022CONTENTS STATEMENT OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER RESPONSIBLE PERSONS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE INTERIM CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 2 FOURTH QUARTER MANAGEMENT REPORT 3 INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 7 INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 8 INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 9 INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 10 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION 11 1STATEMENT OF THE MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND OTHER RESPONSIBLE PERSONS OF THE COMPANY FOR THE INTERIM CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS In accordance with Article 10 sections (3) (c) and (7) of the Transparency Requirements (Securities for Trading on Regulated Markets) Law of 2007 and 2009 (''Law'') we  the members of the Board of Directors and other responsible persons for the drafting of the interim condensed financial statements of S.D. Standard ETC Plc (the ""Company"")  for the three and twelve months ended 31 December 2022 we confirm that  to the best of our knowledge: The interim condensed financial statements of the Company for the three and twelve months ended 31 December 2022 which are presented on pages 7 to 18: were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards IAS 34 ""Interim Financial Reporting""  as adopted by the European Union in accordance with provisions of Article 10  section (4) of the Law  and give a true and fair view of the assets and liabilities  the financial position and the profit or losses of the Company  and the business that are included in the financial statements as a total  and The Interim Management Report provides a fair overview of the information required as per section 6 of article 10 of Law 190(I)/2007. Limassol  8 February 2023 Martin Nes Konstantinos Pantelidis George Crystallis Chairman Independent Director Independent Director Christos Neokleous Evangelia Panagide Chief Financial Officer General Manager S.D. Standard ETC Plc - Fourth Quarter Report 2022 2Fourth Quarter Management Report 2022 Selected Financial Information Three Months Ended Twelve Months Ended 2022 Q4 2021 Q4 2022 Q4 2021 Q4 (Amounts in USD 000) Unaudited Unaudited Unaudited Unaudited Operating profit 13 814 10 241 39 892 13 801 Profit for the period before tax 13 812 10 231 39 843 13 784 Total comprehensive income for the period 13 788 10 231 39 772 13 737 (*) Analytical income statement is presented on page 7 of the fourth quarter report. Presentation of Interim Condensed Financial Statements These interim condensed financial statements for the fourth quarter of the year 2022 are prepared and presented on a standalone basis  since the Company is an investment entity and shall not consolidate its subsidiaries. The Company measures its investment in subsidiary Standard Supply AS and associate Dolphin Drilling AS at fair value through profit or loss. Consequently  the Company's investments in Standard Supply AS and Dolphin Drilling AS are valued based on the traded share price on Euronext Growth Oslo respectively as of 30 December 2022. With regards to the subsidiary Standard Invest AS which is not an investment entity and its main purpose is to provide services relating to the investment activity of the Company  the management of the Company decided not to consolidate this subsidiary since the effect of its results for the year 2022 are considered immaterial. Highlights Fourth Quarter The Company recognized an unrealized gain of USD 13 8 million from the revaluation of its investments in Standard Supply AS and Dolphin Drilling AS at fair value. The fair value of these investments as of 31 December 2022 was USD 87 7 million. The Company recognised a gain from the revaluation of other financial assets held for trading of USD 39 thousands. The fair value of the financial assets held for trading as of 31 December 2022 was USD 5 7 million. On 28 October 2022  the shares of the associate Dolphin Drilling AS commenced public trading to Euronext Growth Oslo. On 4 November 2022  the subsidiary Standard Supply AS (""Standard Supply"") contemplated a private placement of new shares (the ""Private Placement"") directed towards existing shareholders and new investors. The Private Placement raised gross proceeds of approximately USD 20 million and Standard Supply has allotted 44 085 106 New Shares at the subscription price of NOK 4.70 per New Share. Following the Private Placement  the holding of the Company was diluted to 53%. In November 2022  the subsidiary Standard Supply AS settled the debt under the revolving credit facility that was concluded with the Company as lender in June 2022  amounting to USD 19 8 million plus interest. S.D. Standard ETC Plc - Fourth Quarter Report 2022 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['S D Standard ETC', 'Q4 Financial Report', 'Martin Nes Konstantinos Pantelidis George Crystallis Chairman Independent Director Independent Director Christos Neokleous Evangelia Panagide Chief Financial Officer General Manager', 'Unaudited Unaudited Unaudited Unaudited Operating profit', 'FORMER S.D. STANDARD DRILLING PLC', 'S.D. STANDARD ETC PLC', 'International Financial Reporting Standards IAS', 'INTERIM CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'associate Dolphin Drilling AS', '2 FOURTH QUARTER MANAGEMENT REPORT', 'subsidiary Standard Invest AS', 'The Interim Management Report', 'Interim Financial Reporting', 'Financial Information Three Months', '3 INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT', '7 INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT', '9 INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENT', 'Standard Supply AS', 'FOURTH QUARTER REPORT', 'revolving credit facility', 'other financial assets', 'Analytical income statement', 'OTHER RESPONSIBLE PERSONS', 'Total comprehensive income', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'FINANCIAL POSITION', 'The Private Placement', 'CONTENTS STATEMENT', 'twelve months', 'CASH FLOWS', 'Transparency Requirements', 'Regulated Markets', 'European Union', 'fair view', 'fair overview', 'standalone basis', 'fair value', 'share price', 'main purpose', 'existing shareholders', 'new investors', 'gross proceeds', 'subscription price', 'New Share', 'investment entity', 'investment activity', 'unrealized gain', 'Article 10 sections', 'public trading', 'The Company', 'shares', 'MEMBERS', 'BOARD', 'DIRECTORS', 'CHANGES', 'EQUITY', '10 NOTES', 'accordance', 'Securities', 'Law', 'drafting', 'knowledge', 'pages', 'provisions', 'true', 'liabilities', 'losses', 'business', 'Limassol', 'Amounts', 'USD', 'period', 'tax', 'Presentation', 'year', 'subsidiaries', 'investments', '30 December', 'services', 'effect', 'results', 'revaluation', '31 December', 'thousands', '28 October', '4 November', 'NOK', 'holding', 'debt', 'lender', 'June', 'interest']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18258,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TIKEHAU-CAPITAL-34204863/news/Tikehau-Capital-Inside-Information-Operations-of-the-issuer-acquisitions-sales--42951172/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,Tikehau Capital : Inside Information / Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  sales...),(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE  MILAN  10 FEBRUARY 2023   Tikehau Capital Announces Successful IPO of EuroGroup   Laminations   Tikehau Capital  the global alternative asset manager  is pleased to announce that portfolio company EuroGroup La…,"PRESS RELEASE  MILAN  10 FEBRUARY 2023 Tikehau Capital Announces Successful IPO of EuroGroup Laminations Tikehau Capital  the global alternative asset manager  is pleased to announce that portfolio company EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A. (""EuroGroup Laminations"" or ""the Company"")  a world market leader in the design and production of the ""motor core"" for electric motors and generators  today listed its shares on Euronext Milan and has started trading under the ticker symbol EGLA. The IPO price of €5.5 per share implies a market capitalisation of approximately €922 million. The IPO follows the execution of a successful growth strategy since Tikehau Capital's acquisition of a 30% stake in the Company in September 2020. The investment was made mainly through its T2 Energy Transition private equity fund  launched by TotalEnergies and Tikehau Capital in 2018  which targets European companies that enable the transition to a low-carbon economy*. EuroGroup Laminations is a global leader in the design and production of the ""motor core"" for electric motors and generators for applications in the electric vehicle and industrial markets. The Company operates on a global scale with 12 plants strategically located across five countries. EuroGroup Laminations maintains longstanding client relationships with global OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers and acts as sole supplier for the vast majority (80%) of the battery electric vehicle platforms of its customers  making it well-positioned to benefit from the ongoing transition to electric vehicles. As a significant minority investor in EuroGroup Laminations  Tikehau Capital partnered with the Company's founding families and management team  providing financial and strategic resources to support growth in the Company's reference market. Since Tikehau Capital's initial investment  EuroGroup Laminations' order book for its Electric Vehicle and Automotive segment has increased by over 3x from €1.5 billion to approximately €5 billion  with an additional pipeline of orders under discussion of €2.5 billion  and the Company's EBITDA has also more than tripled during this period of time. The IPO will support the Company's continued expansion and consolidate its position as a global leader in the electric vehicle market. Roberto Quagliuolo  Head of Private Equity Italy and Co-Headof Italy at Tikehau Capital said: ""We would like to congratulate the entire EuroGroup Laminations family for reaching this important milestone in the Company's history. EuroGroup Laminations has emerged as a global leader in the transition to electric vehicles  a key driver in the broader energy transition  and we are proud to be part of such a successful growth story.""PRESS RELEASE  MILAN  10 FEBRUARY 2023 Antoine Flamarion and Mathieu Chabran  Co-Foundersof Tikehau Capital  added: ""Our investment in EuroGroup Laminations is a great example of our private equity strategy dedicated to the energy transition and ability to back leading European businesses with strong growth potential that support the decarbonisation of our economy. Companies like EuroGroup Laminations are in our view at the heart of driving the transition to a low-carbon economy and the success of the IPO illustrates the increasing demand from institutional investors for opportunities such as these."" Following the IPO  Tikehau Capital's vehicles will jointly retain an 8.5% stake (before over- allotment option) in EuroGroup Laminations to continue to support the company's development and growth. Jean-Marc Gales  Tikehau Capital Operating Partner  and Roberto Quagliuolo will continue to serve as Board members of the Company. The IPO represents the third partial or full realisation of investments made by the T2 Energy Transition fund  following the partial sale of its stake in GreenYellow in July 2022 and the sale of Groupe Rougnon in August 2022. JP Morgan  BNP Paribas  Intesa Sanpaolo (IMI CIB Division) and UniCredit acted as joint global advisors and bookrunner  assisted by Linklaters as legal advisors  while Rothschild & Co acted as financial advisor. Latham & Watkins acted as legal advisor to the company  while Tikehau Capital was assisted by Legance and Studio Biscozzi Nobili Piazza.PRESS RELEASE  MILAN  10 FEBRUARY 2023 ABOUT TIKEHAU CAPITAL Tikehau Capital is a global alternative asset management group with €37.5 billion of assets under management (at 30 September 2022). Tikehau Capital has developed a wide range of expertise across four asset classes (private debt  real assets  private equity and capital markets strategies) as well as multi-asset and special opportunities strategies. Tikehau Capital is a founder led team with a differentiated business model  a strong balance sheet  proprietary global deal flow and a track record of backing high quality companies and executives. Deeply rooted in the real economy  Tikehau Capital provides bespoke and innovative alternative financing solutions to companies it invests in and seeks to create long-term value for its investors  while generating positive impacts on society. Leveraging its strong equity base (€3.1 billion of shareholders' equity at 30 June 2022)  the firm invests its own capital alongside its investor-clients within each of its strategies. Controlled by its managers alongside leading institutional partners  Tikehau Capital is guided by a strong entrepreneurial spirit and DNA  shared by its 739 employees (at 30 September 2022) across its 14 offices in Europe  Asia and North America. Tikehau Capital is listed in compartment A of the regulated Euronext Paris market (ISIN code: FR0013230612; Ticker: TKO.FP). For more information  please visit: www.tikehaucapital.com. PRESS CONTACTS: Tikehau Capital: Valérie Sueur - +33 1 40 06 39 30 UK - Prosek Partners: Alexa Bethell- +44 (0) 7940 166 251 USA - Prosek Partners: Trevor Gibbons - +1 646 818 9238 press@tikehaucapital.com SHAREHOLDER AND INVESTOR CONTACTS: Louis Igonet - +33 1 40 06 11 11 Théodora Xu - +33 1 40 06 18 56 shareholders@tikehaucapital.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Tikehau Capital', 'Inside Information', 'Operations', 'issuer', 'acquisitions', 'sales', 'T2 Energy Transition private equity fund', 'EuroGroup Laminations S.p.A.', 'global alternative asset management group', 'innovative alternative financing solutions', 'T2 Energy Transition fund', 'Studio Biscozzi Nobili Piazza', 'global alternative asset manager', 'proprietary global deal flow', ""EuroGroup Laminations' order book"", 'entire EuroGroup Laminations family', 'battery electric vehicle platforms', 'Tikehau Capital Operating Partner', 'four asset classes', 'private equity strategy', 'TIKEHAU CAPITAL Tikehau Capital', 'strong equity base', 'broader energy transition', 'Private Equity Italy', 'longstanding client relationships', 'significant minority investor', 'IMI CIB Division', 'differentiated business model', 'strong balance sheet', 'leading European businesses', 'founder led team', 'joint global advisors', 'strong growth potential', 'special opportunities strategies', 'capital markets strategies', 'successful growth strategy', 'successful growth story', 'world market leader', 'high quality companies', 'electric vehicle market', 'private debt', 'management team', 'global leader', 'global scale', 'global OEMs', 'market capitalisation', 'industrial markets', 'ongoing transition', 'reference market', 'Co-Headof Italy', 'legal advisors', 'Successful IPO', 'electric motors', 'European companies', 'electric vehicles', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'motor core', 'ticker symbol', 'five countries', 'Tier 1 suppliers', 'sole supplier', 'vast majority', 'founding families', 'strategic resources', 'Automotive segment', 'additional pipeline', 'continued expansion', 'Roberto Quagliuolo', 'important milestone', 'key driver', 'Antoine Flamarion', 'Mathieu Chabran', 'great example', 'increasing demand', 'allotment option', 'Jean-Marc Gales', 'Board members', 'third partial', 'full realisation', 'Groupe Rougnon', 'JP Morgan', 'BNP Paribas', 'Intesa Sanpaolo', 'wide range', 'track record', 'long-term value', 'positive impacts', 'low-carbon economy', 'real economy', 'IPO price', 'The IPO', 'institutional investors', 'partial sale', 'financial advisor', 'real assets', 'initial investment', 'Euronext Milan', 'portfolio company', 'The Company', '10 FEBRUARY', 'design', 'production', 'generators', 'shares', 'EGLA', 'execution', 'acquisition', '30% stake', 'September', 'TotalEnergies', 'applications', '12 plants', 'customers', 'orders', 'discussion', 'EBITDA', 'period', 'time', 'position', 'history', 'Foundersof', 'ability', 'decarbonisation', 'view', 'heart', '8.5% stake', 'development', 'investments', 'GreenYellow', 'July', 'August', 'UniCredit', 'bookrunner', 'Linklaters', 'Rothschild', 'Latham', 'Watkins', 'Legance', 'expertise', 'multi-asset', 'executives', 'bespoke', 'society']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18259,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-reports-fourth-quarter-2022-060000803.html,Aegon reports fourth quarter 2022 results,Please click here to access all 4Q2022 results related documents. The Hague  February 9  2023 - Acceleration of strategy execution and delivery on financial ...,Aegon N.V.Please click here to access all 4Q2022 results related documents.The Hague  February 9  2023 - Acceleration of strategy execution and delivery on financial commitmentsPreviously announced impairment loss from classifying Aegon the Netherlands as held for sale following the transaction with a.s.r. leads to net loss of EUR 2.4 billion for 4Q22 and EUR 2.5 billion for the full yearOperating result of EUR 488 million  a 4% increase compared with 4Q21. Benefits from expense savings  growth initiatives  an improvement in claims experience  and strengthening of the US dollar are partly offset by lower fees due to adverse markets and outflows. Full year 2022 operating result of EUR 1.9 billion  stable compared with the previous yearThe capital ratios of all three main units remain above their respective operating levels. Group Solvency II ratio amounts to 208%Cash Capital at Holding increases from EUR 1.4 billion to EUR 1.6 billion  mainly from EUR 318 million of free cash flow in 4Q22. Full year free cash flow increases from EUR 729 million in 2021 to EUR 780 million in 2022Proposed final 2022 dividend of EUR 0.12 per common share to be paid in cash  which brings the full year dividend to EUR 0.23 per common shareAnnouncing new EUR 200 million share buyback to be executed in 1H23  barring unforeseen circumstancesStatement of Lard Friese  CEO“The fourth quarter closes out a year in which we accelerated our transformation and the execution of our strategy. During the quarter  we announced the transaction to combine our Dutch businesses with a.s.r.  a historic milestone for the company. Throughout the year we also made significant progress in improving our operating performance  and in further strengthening our balance sheet despite challenging market circumstances.Our net result for the fourth quarter reflects the previously announced impairment loss as a result of classifying Aegon the Netherlands as held for sale. The operating result increased by 4%  as improved claims experience  the benefit from our operational improvement program and strengthening of the US dollar more than offset adverse market conditions. The operational improvement program contributed EUR 627 million to our operating result over the course of 2022  exceeding our EUR 550 million target one year earlier than expected. Given the overall success of the program  and in light of upcoming changes due to the transaction with a.s.r.  we have decided to close out the reporting on the operational improvement program. We will provide an update to our strategy  including plans to further improve the efficiency of our operations and to accelerate commercial momentum at our Capital Markets Day in June 2023.This year’s commercial results underscore the importance of offering customers a broad range of products. As a result of the uncertain macroeconomic environment  we saw outflows in Asset Management and in the UK Retail channel. In Workplace Solutions in the US we experienced net outflows as a consequence of the departure of one large customer. At the same time  life insurance sales grew in our growth markets and in the US  where Individual Solutions achieved the highest level of quarterly new life sales in the last five years. During 2022  the Workplace channel in the UK recorded the highest level of net deposits in the past four years  demonstrating the improvements we are making to our UK franchise. In the fourth quarter  we introduced the first phase of More Ways to Save in the UK  a new savings proposition with enhanced online services. In the US  Transamerica launched a new indexed universal life product specifically designed for the brokerage channel  complementing our current product that is successfully marketed by World Financial Group’s more than 62 000 agents. Supported by the commitment of our employees across the company  we will continue to introduce new products  improve the digital experience for our customers  and further build on our distribution strengths.Story continuesAs a result of the progress we have made  both strategically and financially  we will propose a final dividend for 2022 of 12 eurocents per common share at our Annual General Meeting  bringing the full year dividend to 23 eurocents per common share. Furthermore  we are announcing a new EUR 200 million share buyback program for the first half of 2023  which underscores our disciplined capital management and commitment to returning surplus capital to our shareholders.Looking ahead  we remain fully focused on executing our strategy and meeting our financial objectives. The actions we have taken so far provide us with confidence that we can deliver at least EUR 1.0 billion operating capital generation from our units outside of the Netherlands in 2023  barring unforeseen circumstances. We have generated EUR 1.5 billion of free cash flow during the past two years  achieving the three year target we set at the 2020 Capital Markets Day. For 2023  we aim to deliver around EUR 600 million free cash flow and are targeting an increase in our dividend to around 30 eurocents per common share  a reflection of our confidence in our strategy for the group.”Media relations Investor relations Conference call including Q&A (9:00 a.m. CET) Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema Audio webcast on aegon.com +31 (0) 6 22 88 99 25gcc@aegon.com+31 (0) 70 344 8028ir@aegon.comUnited States: +1 864 991 41 03 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 15 36 (toll free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 83 77 (toll free) Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registrationAdditional informationPresentationThe conference call presentation is available on aegon.com as of 7.00 a.m. CET.SupplementsAegon’s 4Q 2022 Financial Supplement and other supplementary documents are available on aegon.com.Conference call including Q&AThe conference call starts at 9:00 am CET  with an audio webcast on aegon.com. To join the conference call and/or participate in the Q&A  you will need to register via the following registration link . Directly after registration you will see your personal pin in the confirmation screen and additionally you will receive an email with the call details and again your personal pin to enter the conference call. To avoid any unforeseen connection issues  it is recommended to make use of the ‘call me’ option.Two hours after the conference call  a replay will be available on aegon.com.Click to joinWith ‘Call me’  there is no need to dial-in. Simply click the following registration link and select the option ‘Call me’.Enter your information and you will be called back to directly join the conference. The link becomes active 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time. Should you wish not to use the ‘click to join’ function  dial-in numbers are also available:Dial-in numbers for conference callUnited States: +1 864 991 41 03 (local)United Kingdom: +44 808 175 15 36 (toll-free)The Netherlands: +31 800 745 83 77 (toll-free)Passcode: you will receive a personal pin upon registrationFinancial calendar 2023IFRS 9/17 Educational Webinar – March 9  2023Trading update first quarter 2023 – May 17  2023Annual General Meeting – May 25  2023Capital Markets Day – June 22  2023First half 2023 results – August 17  2023Trading update third quarter 2023 – November 16  2023About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager.Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity.Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Cautionary note regarding non-EU-IFRS measuresThis document includes the following non-EU-IFRS financial measures: operating result  income tax  result before tax  market consistent value of new business  return on equity and addressable expenses. These non-EU-IFRS measures  except for addressable expenses  are calculated by consolidating on a proportionate basis Aegon’s joint ventures and associated companies. The reconciliation of these measures  except for market consistent value of new business and return on equity  to the most comparable EU-IFRS measure is provided in the notes to this press release. Market consistent value of new business is not based on EU-IFRS  which are used to report Aegon’s primary financial statements and should not be viewed as a substitute for EU-IFRS financial measures. Aegon may define and calculate market consistent value of new business differently than other companies. Return on equity is a ratio using a non-EU-IFRS measure and is calculated by dividing the operating result after tax less cost of leverage by the average shareholders’ equity excluding the revaluation reserve. Operating expenses are all expenses associated with selling and administrative activities (excluding commissions) after reallocation of claim handling expenses to benefits paid. This includes certain expenses recorded in other charges  including restructuring charges. Addressable expenses are expenses reflected in the operating result  excluding deferrable acquisition expenses  expenses in joint ventures and associates and expenses related to operations in CEE countries. Aegon believes that these non-EU-IFRS measures  together with the EU-IFRS information  provide meaningful supplemental information about the operating results of Aegon’s business including insight into the financial measures that senior management uses in managing the business.Local currencies and constant currency exchange ratesThis document contains certain information about Aegon’s results  financial condition and revenue generating investments presented in USD for the Americas and in GBP for the United Kingdom  because those businesses operate and are managed primarily in those currencies. Certain comparative information presented on a constant currency basis eliminates the effects of changes in currency exchange rates. None of this information is a substitute for or superior to financial information about Aegon presented in EUR  which is the currency of Aegon’s primary financial statements.Forward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.This document contains information that qualifies  or may qualify  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014). Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.16,0.52,True,English,"['fourth quarter 2022 results', 'Aegon', 'new EUR 200 million share buyback program', 'new indexed universal life product', 'Full year free cash flow', 'quarterly new life sales', 'Group Solvency II ratio', '4Q2022 results related documents', '600 million free cash flow', '1.0 billion operating capital generation', 'Full year 2022 operating result', 'life insurance sales', 'new savings proposition', 'EUR 550 million target', 'a.s.r.', 'uncertain macroeconomic environment', 'one large customer', 'last five years', 'past four years', 'Annual General Meeting', 'past two years', 'respective operating levels', 'World Financial Group', 'operational improvement program', 'three year target', 'full year dividend', 'adverse market conditions', 'challenging market circumstances', 'Capital Markets Day', 'disciplined capital management', 'three main units', 'Aegon N.V.', 'UK Retail channel', 'Cash Capital', 'new products', 'current product', 'common share', 'adverse markets', 'commercial results', 'operating performance', 'capital ratios', 'surplus capital', 'previous year', 'expense savings', 'final 2022 dividend', 'Asset Management', 'growth markets', 'final dividend', 'financial commitments', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'Workplace channel', 'brokerage channel', 'financial objectives', 'The Hague', 'impairment loss', 'net loss', 'growth initiatives', 'claims experience', 'lower fees', 'Lard Friese', 'Dutch businesses', 'historic milestone', 'balance sheet', 'overall success', 'upcoming changes', 'commercial momentum', 'broad range', 'Workplace Solutions', 'same time', 'Individual Solutions', 'highest level', 'net deposits', 'first phase', 'More Ways', 'online services', 'digital experience', 'distribution strengths', 'first half', 'fourth quarter', 'net result', 'UK franchise', 'significant progress', 'US dollar', 'net outflows', 'strategy execution', 'February', 'Acceleration', 'delivery', 'Netherlands', 'transaction', '4Q22', '4% increase', '4Q21', 'Benefits', 'strengthening', 'Holding', '1H23', 'Statement', 'CEO', 'transformation', 'company', 'course', 'light', 'reporting', 'update', 'plans', 'efficiency', 'operations', 'June', 'importance', 'customers', 'consequence', 'departure', 'improvements', 'enhanced', 'Transamerica', '62,000 agents', 'employees', 'Story', '12 eurocents', '23 eurocents', 'shareholders', 'actions', 'confidence']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18260,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301744294.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  Feb. 10  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 10 February 2023  delivered 250 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €50.98). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 122 300. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0001%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.09,0.65,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '250 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'Feb.', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '10 February', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,prnewswire.co.uk
18261,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AFFLUENT-MEDICAL-44377662/news/Affluent-Medical-Affluent-Medical-announces-the-launch-of-a-capital-increase-of-around-13-million-42936876/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Affluent Medical : Affluent Medical announces the launch of a capital increase of around 13 million with preferential subscription rights maintained by shareholders,(marketscreener.com) Affluent Medical  / Key word: Capital IncreaseAffluent Medical : Affluent Medical announces the launch of a capital increase of around €13 million with preferential subscription rights maintained by shareholders 09-Feb-2023 …,"Affluent Medical : Affluent Medical announces the launch of a capital increase of around 13 million with preferential subscription rights maintained by shareholders 02/09/2023 | 01:31am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Affluent Medical / Key word(s): Capital IncreaseAffluent Medical : Affluent Medical announces the launch of a capital increase of around €13 million with preferential subscription rights maintained by shareholders09-Feb-2023 / 07:30 CET/CESTPRESS RELEASE Affluent Medical announces the launch of a capital increase of around €13 million with preferential subscription rights maintained by shareholders Public offering through ABSAR: New shares with redeemable share warrants (BSARs)Subscription price: 1.35 euro per ABSARSubscription exchange rate: 13 ABSAR for 28 existing sharesTrading period for preferential subscription rights: from February 10 to 23  2023 (inclusive)Subscription period: from February 14 to 27  2023 (inclusive)Subscription commitments for €11 845m  i.e. 91 07% of the transaction Aix-en-Provence  February 9  2023 - 7:30 am - Affluent Medical (the ""Company"" - ISIN code: FR0013333077 – ticker: AFME)  a French medtech specializing in the international development and industrialization of innovative medical prostheses  at a clinical stage  to treat urinary incontinence and mitral valve disease  announces today the launch of a capital increase with preferential shareholder subscription rights (""PSR"") for a gross amount of approximately €13.0 million through the issue of Redeemable Share Subscription Warrants (""ABSARs"")  likely to be increased to approximately €14.3 million in the event of full exercise of the extension clause (the ""Capital Increase""). Sébastien Ladet  Chief Executive Officer of Affluent Medical  said: ""Affluent Medical enters 2023 with a clear roadmap and strong ambitions. We are on track  backed by a strong and experienced management team  to take the next clinical steps to bring our three innovative medical devices to market. This capital increase is an essential milestone in accelerating the progress of current studies and targeting CE markings for Artus and KaliosTM by the end of 2024  followed by their commercial launch in 2025. Every day  millions of patients around the world suffer from mitral insufficiency and urinary incontinence  severe and disabling conditions  without truly effective and lasting treatment to date. Our primary objective remains to be able to offer these millions of patients a long-term therapeutic solution to restore a quality of life significantly affected by these diseases."" The proceeds of the Capital Increase are intended to provide the Company with some of the resources necessary to continue financing its requirements over the 12 months following the approval of the Prospectus relating to the ABSAR issue. However  the Company will continue to face the critical challenge of its 12 months financing  the maximum residual uncovered need is estimated at 5.0 million euros. The net proceeds will be used to finance the clinical development of Affluent Medical's various medical devices and will be used to: finalize the recruitment of patients in the Optimise II clinical study and the preparation of the industrialization of the Kalios TM medical device for mitral valve repair;finalize the validations of the Artus medical device for the treatment of moderate to severe urinary incontinence and the start of the Dry pilot study;start the recruitment of patients for the Minerva pilot study of the Epygon medical device for mitral valve replacement by transcatheter and the development of associated accessories;repay the Group's financial debts (Bpifrance innovation loan  Bpifrance repayable advances for the Minerva project and various state-guaranteed loans). In the event that the Capital Increase is only subscribed for 91 07% (i.e. estimated net income of €11.845 million)  the funds raised would be allocated mainly to the finalization of the KaliosTM clinical study  the start-up of the Epygon and Artus pilot studies  and the repayment of the Group's financial debts. The development of accessories for Epygon and the industrialization of medical devices Epygon and Artus would be postponed. Main terms and conditions of the Capital Increase The purpose of this public offering is to issue new shares  each with one (1) redeemable share subscription warrant (the ""BSARs"" and  together with the new shares  the ""ABSARs"")  to be subscribed in cash  as part of a capital increase with preferential subscription rights maintained by shareholders  a gross amount of €13.0 million per issue of 9 634 022 BSARs  likely to be increased to a maximum of €14.3 million per issue of 10 597 424 ABSARs in the event of full exercise of the extension clause  at the unit price of €1.35 per ABSAR at the rate of 13 ABSAR for 28 existing shares. BSARs may be exercised at any time until December 31  2025 (inclusive). 8 BSARs shall give the right to subscribe for one (1) new share (the ""Exercise Parity"")  subject to payment of an exercise price of: €1.50 between March 6  2023 and December 5  2023; then€1.95 between December 6  2023 and December 31  2025. In addition  the Company may  at its sole discretion  carry out  at any time  from the issue of the BSAR until the end of their exercise period on December 31  2025  the early redemption of all of the BSARs remaining in circulation at the unit price of €0.01; however  such early redemption will only be possible if the volume-weighted average of Affluent Medical shares over the 10 trading days preceding the date of publication of the early redemption notice multiplied by the Exercise Parity in force exceeds 140% of the exercise price of the BSARs on that date. In the event that the Company implements the redemption of the BSARs at a price of €0.01  BSAR holders may avoid such redemption by exercising their BSARs on the basis of the exercise price set on this date per new share before the date fixed for redemption and thus benefit economically from the exercise of the BSARs. In the event that all of the BSARs are exercised for the respective exercise prices of €1.50 and €1.95 per new share  the gross amount of the capital increase would reach €14 8 million and €16.3 million respectively  likely to be increased to the maximum amounts of €15.4 million and €16.9 million in the event of full exercise of the extension clause in connection with the issue of the ABSARs. Each shareholder of the Company will receive one (1) preferential subscription right per share recorded in his/her securities account at the end of the accounting day of February 9  2023. Each shareholder of Affluent Medical may subscribe for 13 ABSARs on an irreducible basis for 28 existing shares held  i.e. 28 PSRs shall entitle each shareholder to subscribe to 13 ABSARs at a price of €1.35 per ABSAR. At the same time as they deposit their irreducible subscriptions  the holders of PSRs may subscribe on a reducible basis for the number of ABSARs they wish to acquire  in addition to the number of ABSARs resulting from the exercise of their preferential PSRs on an irreducible basis. Any ABSARs not subscribed on an irreducible basis shall be distributed and allocated to the subscribers on a reducible basis. Reducible subscription orders will be served within the limit of their requests and in proportion to the number of existing shares whose rights will have been used in support of their subscription on an irreducible basis. In addition to the possibility of subscribing on an irreducible and reducible basis according to the terms and conditions specified above  any natural or legal person  whether or not they hold preferential subscription rights  may subscribe to this Capital Increase free of charge. Persons wishing to subscribe freely must send their request to their authorized financial intermediary at any time during the subscription period and pay the corresponding subscription price. In accordance with the provisions of Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  free subscriptions shall only be taken into account if the irreducible and reducible subscriptions have not absorbed the entire Offering  it being specified that the Board of Directors shall have the right to freely distribute the ABSARs not subscribed  in whole or in part  among the persons (shareholders or third parties) of its choice having made requests for subscriptions on a free basis. Based on the closing price of the Affluent Medical share on 7 February 2023  i.e. €1.642: the subscription price of the ABSARs of €1.35 per ABSAR shows a nominal discount of 17.78% to the market price and a discount of 12.33% to the theoretical value of the ex-right share (€1.539) the theoretical value of a New Share (€1.32)  excluding the theoretical value of the BSAR attached to the New Share (€0.03)  represents a nominal discount of 19.63% to the share price and a discount of 14.29% to the theoretical value of the ex-right share (€1.539);the theoretical value of the ex-right share (€1.539)  shows a discount of 6.22% compared to the share price;the theoretical value of the preferential subscription right is €0.102. Preferential subscription rights will be traded on Euronext Paris from February 10  2023 to February 23  2023  inclusive  under ISIN code FR001400FL20. The subscription period will be open from February 14  2023 to February 27  2023  inclusive  according to the indicative timetable. New shares and BSARs will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris on March 6  2023. The new shares will be admitted on the same quotation line as existing shares under the ISIN code: FR0013333077  and BSARs will be admitted to a separate quotation line under the ISIN code: FR001400FL38. New shares resulting from the exercise of BSARs will be subject to periodic requests for admission to trading on the Euronext Paris market on the same quotation line as the Company's existing shares under the same ISIN code FR0013333077. The offering is open to the public in France only. Indicative timetable for the Capital Increase January 30  2023 - Date of entry into force of the suspension of the option to exercise BSPCEs and BSAs granted or issued by the Company February 7  2023 - Determination of the characteristics of the Capital Increase by the Company's Board of Directors February 8  2023 - Approval of the Prospectus by the AMF - Signing of the Placement Contract. February 9  2023 - Availability of the Prospectus on the website of the Company and the AMF - Distribution by the Company of a press release describing (i) the main characteristics of the Capital Increase  (ii) the approval of the Prospectus and (iii) its availability - Publication by Euronext of the notice relating to the Capital Increase announcing the listing of preferential subscription rights February 9  2023 - Accounting day at the end of which holders of existing shares registered on an accounting basis shall be granted preferential subscription rights[1] February 10  2023 - Detachment of preferential subscription rights and opening of the trading period for preferential subscription rights on Euronext Paris February 14  2023 - Opening of the subscription period for the Capital Increase February 23 2023 - End of the PSR trading period February 27  2023 - Closing of the subscription period for the Capital Increase March 2  2023 - Decision of the Chief Executive Officer acting on the delegation of the Board of Directors to (i) record the amount of subscriptions on an irreducible and reducible basis and (ii) where applicable  call on the Investors guarantee (as defined below) or  in the event of over-subscription to the Capital Increase  implement the extension clause - Distribution of a press release from the Company announcing the result of subscriptions for the Capital Increase and the exercise  where applicable  of the extension clause - Notice of admittance to trading of the ABSARs issued by Euronext Paris  indicating the final amount of the Capital Increase and the distribution scale for subscriptions on a reducible basis March 6  2023 - Decisions of the Chief Executive Officer  acting on the delegation of the Board of Directors  recording the subscription of ABSARs and therefore the finalization of the Capital Increase through the creation and issue of ABSARs - Issue of ABSARs; Settlement of ABSARs issued under the Capital Increase Admission of the new shares to trading on Euronext Paris. - Opening of the exercise period of the BSARs based on an exercise price of €1.50 for the subscription of one new Affluent Medical share March 6  2023 - Early date of resumption of the option to exercise the BSPCEs and BSAs granted or issued by the Company December 6  2023 - Date of change in the exercise price of the BSARs; Opening of the exercise period of the BSARs based on a exercise price of €1.95 for the subscription of a new Affluent Medical share December 31  2025 - End of the BSAR exercise period - Lapse of unexercised BSARs Subscription commitments and guarantee received As of the date of approval of the Prospectus  the Company has the following subscription and guarantee commitments: Truffle Capital has irrevocably undertaken to participate in the Offering up to a maximum amount of €9.75 million euros by subscribing on an irreducible basis through the exercise of the preferential subscription rights it holds  up to €0.6 million. 3.75 million  which will be served in full or in part in the event that all the ABSARs have not been subscribed for as of right at the closing of the subscription period. Mr. Sébastien Ladet  CEO of the Company  who does not hold any Affluent Medical shares as of the date of the Prospectus  has committed to participate in the Offer up to 20 000 euros. Mr. Christophe Giot  VP Clinical Operations  who does not hold any Affluent Medical shares as of the date of the Prospectus  has committed to participate in the Offer up to 15 000 euros. In addition  10 investors (the ""Investors"") have irrevocably undertaken  within the framework of free subscriptions  to subscribe  for a total amount of €2 060 000  for the ABSARs which would not have been subscribed for at the end of the irreducible  reducible or free subscription period  in order to carry out the Capital Increase with 100% DPS  i.e. the issuance of 9 634 022 ABSARs  corresponding to an Offer of approximately €13.0 million. Guarantee commitments Amount Market Wizard €500.000 Diede Van Ouden €500.000 Friedland Gestion €300.000 Nice & Green €300.000 Jérôme Marsac €200.000 Sully Patrimoine Gestion €150.000 4 other investors €110.000 TOTAL €2.060.000 In consideration of their underwriting commitments  the Investors will receive a commission equal to 5% of the amount of their underwriting commitments  to which will be added an amount equal to 2% of the amount actually subscribed in the framework of the Capital Increase with DPS  if the Offer is effective. All the subscription and guarantee commitments received thus concern a total amount of 11 845 000 euros  corresponding to 91.07% of the Offer. The preferential subscription rights that would not be used by the funds managed by Truffle Capital to subscribe to the operation on an irrevocable basis could be sold on the market in order to increase the liquidity of the preferential subscription rights. Lock-up commitments of the Company From the date of the Prospectus and until 180 calendar days following the date of settlement-delivery of the ABSARs  subject to certain exceptions and until December 31  2023  the Company has undertaken not to issue shares or securities giving access to the capital in the context of financing through Equity Line or OCABSA. Lock-up retention and non-exercise commitments Truffle Capital has undertaken to retain  subject to certain usual exceptions  the Affluent Medical shares that it holds prior to the Capital Increase for a period ending 270 calendar days following the settlement date of the Capital Increase and the Affluent Medical ABSARs that may be subscribed in connection with the transaction for a period ending 180 calendar days following the settlement date of the Capital Increase. Capital Increase Partners Financial Advisor of the Company Lead Arranger and Bookrunner Legal counsel Auditor Auditor Financial communication consulting Corporate communication consulting Information available to the public The terms of the Capital Increase with the maintenance of shareholders' preferential subscription rights are described in the prospectus approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (""AMF"") under number 23-029 dated February 8  2023 (the ""Prospectus""). This Prospectus is composed of Affluent Medical's 2021 Universal Registration Document approved by the AMF on April 29  2022 under number R.22-017 (the ""2021 Universal Registration Document"")  the amendment to the 2021 universal registration document approved by the AMF on February 8  2023 under the number 23-003 (the ""Amendment"")  and the offering notice (including the summary of the prospectus) relating to the Capital Increase. The Company draws the public's attention to the risk factors set out in section 2 of the offering notice and in sections 3 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document and the Amendment  including liquidity risk  which states that Afffluent Medical does not have sufficient net working capital to meet its obligations and operating cash requirements over the next twelve months  as its cash to date enables it to finance its operations until March 2023. Thus  including in the event of completion of the Capital Increase with PSR  the 12-month working capital will continue to be insufficient to meet the Group's obligations and operating cash requirements. Statement on net working capital at 12 months As of the approval date of the Prospectus  the Group does not have sufficient net working capital to meet its obligations and cash requirements over the next 12 months. The Group's cash position as of the date of approval of the Prospectus allows it to finance its activities until March 2023. After deducting the Company's current resources and before taking into account the proceeds of the issue  the net unfunded amount necessary for the continuation of the Group's activities over the 12 months following the date of approval of the Prospectus  according to the Group's current development plan  is estimated at €16.2 million. It consists of (i) a financing need to ensure the continuity of operations and expenses related to preclinical studies and clinical trials on KaliosTM  Artus and Epygon for €19.4 million  and (ii) repayments of the Bpifrance innovation loan  Bpifrance repayable advances concerning the Mivana project  and the various loans guaranteed by the State for €1.4 million  and (iii) investments of €0.5 million. After taking into account the Group's cash position at the date of approval of the Prospectus (€0.4 million)  payments of VAT receivables refunds (€2.1 million)  the research tax credit (€1.0 million)  and Bpifrance subsidies and repayable advances for the Artus project (€1.6 million) that the Company believes it has a reasonable chance of receiving  the net amount required to continue the Group's activities over the 12 months following the date of approval of the Prospectus is estimated at €16.2 million. The Offering is intended to provide Affluent Medical with the resources necessary to finance its development for at least the next 7 months. Thus  including in the event of completion of the Capital Increase with PSR  the 12-month working capital will continue to be insufficient to meet the Group's obligations and operating cash requirements. In the absence of the exercise of the BSARs attached to the New Shares issued as part of the Offering  the net proceeds of the Offering  the shortfall in the 12-month working capital requirement remaining after the Capital Increase with PSR and the Group's cash horizon would be as follows if the Offering is limited to 91 07%  in the event of completion of the Offering at 100% or in the event of full exercise of the Extension Clause bringing the Offer up to 110% of its initial amount: Offer Net proceeds of the Offering before the potential exercise of BSARs Shortfall in the remaining 12-month working capital requirement Cash horizon - Completion of the Offering at 91.07% €11.2m €5;0m September 2023 - Completion of the Offering at 100% €12.2m €4.0m October 2023 - Completion of the Offering at 115% (full exercise of the Extension Clause) €13.5m €2.7m November 2023 It is also specified that the exercise of the BSARs attached to the New Shares as part of the Offering could enable additional fundraising of €1.6 million  €1.8 million  and €2.0 million euros respectively  in the event of the exercise of all of these BSARs in the 9 months following the completion of the Offering on the basis of a subscription price for new shares of the Company of €1.50 in the event of completion of the Initial Offer at91.07%  100%  and 110%. Additional financing  amounting to between €5.0 million in the event of completion of the Offering at 91.07% and €2.7 million in the event of completion of the Offering at 115%  will therefore be necessary after taking into account the net proceeds of the Offering and before the potential exercise of the BSARs so that the Group can finance its obligations and operating cash flow requirements over the 12 months following the date of approval of the Prospectus. The Group intends primarily to remedy the shortfall in its net working capital over 12 months as of the date of approval of the Prospectus by a maximum amount of €5.0 million by seeking new dilutive and/or non-dilutive financing solutions. The Group could therefore proceed with another capital increase according to market conditions or other alternative sources of financing. As a result  the Group initiated discussions on the establishment of a Venture Loan amounting to around €6 million and initiated steps to obtain non-dilutive financing in the form of subsidies and repayable advances to finance its clinical programs as part of an innovation aid scheme. Since its inception  Affluent Medical has demonstrated its ability to effectively implement its various financing options when necessary. However  in the absence of the necessary financing  the Group will consider cost-cutting solutions by focusing on its clinical activity and thus deferring its projects relating to the preparation of regulatory files and the industrialization of its medical devices for an estimated cost savings of €4.2 million. However  these reductions will make it possible to maintain the KaliosTM clinical program  its most advanced medical device  as well as the pilot clinical studies for Artus and Epygon. The submission of the KaliosTM CE marking application would be postponed by six months  and the pivotal phases of the Artus and Epygon clinical studies and the filings of the CE marking applications would be postponed by one year. The reduction in costs over the 12 months following the date of approval of the Prospectus would reduce the net amount necessary for the continuation of the Group's activities over the 12 months following the date of approval of the Prospectus to €12.0 million instead of €16.2 million. If Affluent Medical implements its cost reduction plan and the Group fails to raise additional funds on top of this Capital Increase with PSR  the shortfall of its net working capital at 12 months on the date of approval of the Prospectus would be of a maximum amount of €0.8 million  corresponding to the completion of the Offering up to 91.07% before the exercise of the BSARs  as applicable. This additional requirement would be financed through the financial support of Truffle Capital  the Group's main shareholder  up to a limit of €3.0 million. About Affluent Medical Affluent Medical is a French player in MedTech  founded by Truffle Capital  with the ambition of becoming a global leader in the treatment of structural heart diseases  which are the world's leading cause of mortality  and urinary incontinence which currently affects one in four adults. Affluent Medical develops next-generation  mini-invasive  innovative  adjustable  and biomimetic implants to restore critical physiological functions in these areas. The major technologies developed by the company are currently in preclinical and clinical studies. KaliosTM  the first mitral annuloplasty device  should be the first medical device to be marketed. Provided funding is obtained to finance its strategy and the results of the ongoing clinical studies are positive  the Company aims to gradually start marketing its products in 2025. For more information: www.affluentmedical.com Contacts: AFFLUENT MEDICAL Sébastien Ladet Chief Marketing Officer investor@affluentmedical.com ACTIFIN  financial communications Ghislaine Gasparetto +33 (0) 6 21 10 49 24 affluentmedical@actifin.fr ACTIFIN  financial press relations Isabelle DRAY +33 (0)1 56 88 11 29 idray@actifin.fr PRIMATICE  public relations FranceThomas Roborel de Climens+33 (0)6 78 12 97 95 thomasdeclimens@primatice.comDisclaimer This presentation does not constitute and may not be considered a public offer  purchase offer or subscription offer or as intended to solicit public interest for the purposes of a public offering. No communication or information relating to this transaction or to AFFLUENT MEDICAL may be distributed to the public in any country in which registration or approval requirements must be satisfied. No steps have been taken (or will be taken) in any country where such steps are required. The purchase of AFFLUENT MEDICAL shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain countries. AFFLUENT MEDICAL assumes no liability for any breach by any person of these restrictions. This press release constitutes a promotional communication and not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017 (the ""Prospectus Regulation""). In France  an offer to the public of transferable securities may only be made by virtue of a prospectus approved by the AMF. For EEA Member States other than France (the ""Member States"") no action has been or will be taken to enable a public share offering that may require a prospectus to be published in one of these Member States. Consequently  the securities cannot be offered and shall not be offered in any Member State (other than France)  except in accordance with the exceptions provided for in Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or in other cases that do not require AFFLUENT MEDICAL to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation and/or the regulations applicable in those Member States. This press release does not constitute an offer of shares to the public in the United Kingdom. This press release does not constitute an offer of securities or any solicitation to buy or subscribe for securities in the United States or in any other country (other than France). Securities may only be offered for sale  subscribed for or sold in the United States following registration under the terms of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (""U.S. Securities Act"")  or within the framework of an exemption from registration. AFFLUENT MEDICAL's shares have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and AFFLUENT MEDICAL does not intend to make any public offering of its securities in the United States. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may constitute a breach of local laws and regulations. The information contained in this press release does not constitute an offer of securities in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan. This document may not be published  transmitted or distributed either directly or indirectly in the territory of the United States of America  Canada  Australia or Japan. [1] I.e. on the last day on which an investor who acquired a share of the Company on the market will be entitled to a preferential subscription rightDissemination of a Financial Wire News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Language: English Issuer: Affluent Medical 320 avenue Archimède  Les pléiades III Bâtiment B 13100 Aix en Provence France France Phone: +33 4 42 95 12 20 E-mail: jerome.geoffroy@affluentmedical.com Internet: https://www.affluentmedical.com/ ISIN: FR0013333077 EQS News ID: 1555453End of Announcement - EQS News Service 1555453 09-Feb-2023 CET/CEST© EQS 2023 All news about AFFLUENT MEDICAL 02/09 Affluent Medical Plans EUR13 Million Capital Increase Amid Cash Crunch MT 02/09 Affluent Medical : Affluent Medical announces the launch of a capital increase of around .. EQ 01/16 Affluent Medical : Affluent Medical strengthens its management team to support industrial.. EQ 01/16 2023/01/16 : Affluent Medical strengthens its management team to support industrial and co.. PU 01/12 Affluent Medical : Half-year liquidity contract statement for Affluent Medical EQ 2022 Affluent Medical Chairman to Step Down in January 2023; Successor Named MT 2022 Affluent Medical : Affluent Medical announces the appointment of Michel Therin as Chairma.. EQ 2022 Affluent Medical : Pivotal study progresses to 24 patients successfully implanted with Kal.. EQ 2022 Affluent Medical SA Reports Earnings Results for the Half Year Ended June 30  2022 CI 2022 Affluent Medical : Financial results for H1 2022 and significant progresses in 2022. EQ",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['preferential subscription rights', 'Affluent Medical', 'capital increase', 'launch', 'shareholders', 'one (1) redeemable share subscription warrant', 'Redeemable Share Subscription Warrants', 'maximum residual uncovered need', 'Optimise II clinical study', 'Kalios TM medical device', 'preferential shareholder subscription rights', 'three innovative medical devices', 'redeemable share warrants', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Dry pilot study', 'multiple email addresses', 'Sébastien Ladet', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'experienced management team', 'long-term therapeutic solution', 'Bpifrance innovation loan', 'Bpifrance repayable advances', 'various state-guaranteed loans', 'innovative medical prostheses', 'next clinical steps', 'mitral valve disease', 'mitral valve repair', 'Minerva pilot study', 'mitral valve replacement', 'various medical devices', 'Subscription exchange rate', 'KaliosTM clinical study', 'Artus medical device', 'Artus pilot studies', 'Epygon medical device', 'severe urinary incontinence', 'Subscription price', 'Subscription period', 'Subscription commitments', 'clinical stage', 'mitral insufficiency', 'current studies', 'Minerva project', 'Affluent Medical', 'clinical development', 'capital increase', 'Key word', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Public offering', 'New shares', '28 existing shares', 'Trading period', 'ISIN code', 'French medtech', 'gross amount', 'full exercise', 'extension clause', 'clear roadmap', 'essential milestone', 'CE markings', 'primary objective', 'critical challenge', 'moderate to', 'financial debts', 'net income', 'Main terms', 'unit price', 'First name', 'international development', 'strong ambitions', 'disabling conditions', 'lasting treatment', '12 months financing', 'net proceeds', 'associated accessories', 'commercial launch', 'ABSAR issue', '13 ABSAR', 'shareholders', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '07:30 CET', 'BSARs', 'February', 'transaction', 'Provence', 'Company', 'ticker', 'AFME', 'industrialization', 'event', 'track', 'market', 'progress', 'end', 'millions', 'patients', 'world', 'effective', 'date', 'quality', 'life', 'diseases', 'resources', 'requirements', 'approval', 'Prospectus', '5.0 million', 'recruitment', 'preparation', 'validations', 'start', 'transcatheter', 'Group', 'funds', 'finalization', 'repayment', 'purpose', 'cash', 'part', 'time', 'December 31', '91']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18262,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOYAGEURS-DU-MONDE-32742/news/Voyageurs-du-Monde-Profits-up-in-2022-and-sharp-increase-in-bookings-for-2023-42937532/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230209,Voyageurs du Monde: Profits up in 2022 and sharp increase in bookings for 2023,(marketscreener.com) Voyageurs du MondeVoyageurs du Monde: Profits up in 2022 and sharp increase in bookings for 2023 09-Feb-2023 / 08:30 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for…,Press release Paris  9 February 2023Profits up in 2022 and sharp increase in bookings for 20232022 RESULTSHaving reached the end of the 2022 financial year  the Voyageurs du Monde group expects a sharp increase in earnings in 2022 relative to 2019 (*). As expected at the time of the last announcement on 20 October 2022  sales excluding acquisitions should amount to 88% of the level achieved in 2019 (i.e. around €430 million). However  like-for-like earnings (EBITDA  EBIT and consolidated net income attributable to owners of the parent) are expected to be around 20% higher than in 2019  confirming a stronger than expected performance  thanks to solid margins as well as control of operating expenses. Some cost cuts are non-recurring in nature.Under these conditions  consolidated sales including the acquisitions of Eurofun Group (European market leader in cycling holidays  sales of €80 million and EBITDA of €4.7 million in 2019) and Extraordinary Journeys (US tailor-made travel specialist  sales of $13 million and EBITDA of $0.9 million in 2019)  both consolidated as of 1 July 2022  should exceed €490 million in 2022 (versus €487 million in 2019). Consolidated EBITDA could reach close to €45 million compared with €33.6 million in 2019  an increase of 34%.The Company’s Board of Directors is due to meet on 18 April to approve the financial statements for the year (unaudited at present) and a press release will be published after market close on the same day.2023 BUSINESS ACTIVITYThe Group benefited from a sharp upturn in business  with bookings up significantly in the last three months. For the period to 5 February 2023  bookings for departures in 2023 (excluding acquisitions carried out in 2022) were 24% higher than during the same period ending in January 2019 for departures in 2019. This increase is based on a sales volume representing 41% of 2019 sales.This trend is more evident in tailor-made travel than in adventure travel  which has still seen very strong growth. Furthermore  the Group has also noted an increase in the average spend  particularly in tailor-made travel  which – depending on the brand – is thanks to favourable development in the mix of destinations  higher prices and more services being bought.Booking for companies acquired in 2022 were also up significantly.OUTLOOKNotwithstanding any exceptional public health-related events or adverse international events  the Group could achieve strong sales and earnings growth in 2023 relative to 2022 and 2019  as a result of both the very favourable bookings trend and the full-year consolidation of acquisitions carried out in 2022.(*) 2019 financial year: 2020 and 2021 sales and earnings are not representative due to the Covid-19 pandemic.Reminder:The Group is market leader in France (i) in tailor-made travel (53% of sales)  with the Voyageurs du Monde  Comptoir des Voyages  Bynativ  Original Travel and Extraordinary Journeys brands  (ii) in adventure travel (29% of sales)  with the Terres d'Aventure  Allibert Trekking  Nomade Aventure  KE Adventure Travel  and (iii) in biking travel (18% of sales) with the Eurofun Group brands.The shares are admitted to trading on the Euronext Growth market and eligible for PEA PME savings plans.Contacts:Voyageurs du Monde Lionel Habasque  Deputy CEO  T: 01 53 73 77 09Email: lhabasque@terdav.comAlain Capestan  Deputy CEO  T: 01 42 86 16 57Email: acapestan@voyageursdumonde.fr,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Voyageurs du Monde', 'sharp increase', 'Profits', 'bookings', '2022', '2023', 'PEA PME savings plans', 'exceptional public health-related events', 'US tailor-made travel specialist', 'Voyageurs du Monde group', 'adverse international events', 'consolidated net income', 'last three months', 'Extraordinary Journeys brands', 'European market leader', 'KE Adventure Travel', 'Eurofun Group brands', 'Euronext Growth market', 'favourable bookings trend', 'last announcement', 'favourable development', 'strong growth', 'Original Travel', 'biking travel', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'solid margins', 'operating expenses', 'cost cuts', 'cycling holidays', 'The Company', 'financial statements', 'same day', 'sharp upturn', 'average spend', 'higher prices', 'full-year consolidation', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'Comptoir des', 'Allibert Trekking', 'Lionel Habasque', 'Deputy CEO', 'Alain Capestan', 'Consolidated EBITDA', '2022 financial year', '2019 financial year', 'earnings growth', '2023 BUSINESS ACTIVITY', 'same period', 'Nomade Aventure', 'sharp increase', 'sales volume', 'strong sales', '2019 sales', '2021 sales', 'Paris', '9 February', 'Profits', '2022 RESULTS', 'time', '20 October', 'acquisitions', 'level', 'owners', 'parent', 'performance', 'control', 'nature', 'conditions', '1 July', 'Board', 'Directors', '18 April', 'present', '5 February', 'departures', 'January', 'mix', 'destinations', 'services', 'companies', 'OUTLOOK', 'Reminder', 'France', 'Voyages', 'Bynativ', 'Terres', 'shares', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'voyageursdumonde']",2022-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18263,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEME-GROUP-NV-139700933/news/DEME-subsidiary-Global-Sea-Mineral-Resources-receives-Transocean-investment-42950950/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230210,DEME : subsidiary Global Sea Mineral Resources receives Transocean investment,(marketscreener.com)   Transocean  a global leader in the offshore drilling industry  has made a non-controlling investment in DEME Group's subsidiary GSR  through the contribution of an ultra-deepwater drilling vessel and cash investment.   The vessel w…,"Transocean  a global leader in the offshore drilling industry  has made a non-controlling investment in DEME Group's subsidiary GSR  through the contribution of an ultra-deepwater drilling vessel and cash investment.The vessel will be converted for a system integration test to explore the technical and environmental feasibility of recovering nodules in ultra-deepwater .The alliance will strengthen GSR's subsea experience and thereby contribute to its leadership position in the deep seabed minerals sector.DEME Group NV (Euronext Brussels: DEME) today announced a strategic cooperation with Transocean Ltd. (NYSE: RIG) that brings together DEME's Global Sea Mineral Resources' (""GSR"") leadership in ultra-deepwater mineral exploration and seafloor nodule collection technology with Transocean's world-class offshore expertise and capabilities.As part of its investment  Transocean is contributing the vessel 'Ocean Rig Olympia' for GSR's ongoing exploration work  a cash investment and engineering capacity. In return  Transocean is receiving a minoritystake  including a board seat  in GSR. Following the successful trial of GSR's pre-prototype seafloor nodule collector in 2021 at 4500m water depth  a key task ahead for GSR is a system integration test (""SIT"")  scheduled for 2025. The SIT - for which the converted ultra-deepwater vessel shall be instrumental - will entail a trial of a full-scale seafloor nodule collector and riser to lift the nodules to the surface vessel and is part of GSR's step-by-step and precautionary approach to project and technology development as the company explores the feasibility of commercial operations.""Transocean is a leader in the global offshore drilling industry and is well known for its ultra-deepwater expertise. We are proud to be working with them as we further explore the potential of deep seabed minerals  which may represent a better way of meeting future metal demand and expand diversity of supply. Critical metals  such as nickel  cobalt  copper  and manganese - found in polymetallic nodules - are key ingredients for a low-carbon future. Deep-seabed mining certainly won't replace land-based mining entirely  however  according to peer-reviewed scientific literature  these metals could be delivered with a 40% reduction of the carbon footprint  which is essential when combating climate change.""  said Kris Van Nijen  Managing Director of GSR.Chief Executive Officer Luc Vandenbulcke of DEME Group said: ""Since the International Energy Agency reported that society will need six times more metals by 2040 to become a net-zero society in 2050  there have been many national initiatives to secure the necessary supply of raw materials. From the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act  the Australian & Canadian Critical Minerals Strategy to the EU Critical Minerals Act  society is now fully aware of the geopolitical and environmental risk of the clean energy transition. As a result  the development of marine minerals has gained considerable momentum to help supply the responsible minerals needed to meet demand due to increased population  urbanization  and transition to a clean energy future and circular economy. Both DEME and Transocean plan to play an important role in the development of a responsible deep seabed minerals sector.""",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.09,0.41,True,English,"['Global Sea Mineral Resources', 'Transocean investment', 'DEME', 'subsidiary', 'Chief Executive Officer Luc Vandenbulcke', 'U.S. Inflation Reduction Act', 'responsible deep seabed minerals sector', 'pre-prototype seafloor nodule collector', 'full-scale seafloor nodule collector', 'EU Critical Minerals Act', 'seafloor nodule collection technology', 'Canadian Critical Minerals Strategy', 'global offshore drilling industry', 'system integration test', 'Ocean Rig Olympia', 'ongoing exploration work', '4500m water depth', 'peer-reviewed scientific literature', 'Kris Van Nijen', 'International Energy Agency', 'many national initiatives', 'world-class offshore expertise', 'clean energy future', 'ultra-deepwater mineral exploration', 'clean energy transition', 'future metal demand', 'deepwater drilling vessel', 'DEME Group NV', 'responsible minerals', 'marine minerals', 'ultra-deepwater expertise', 'Critical metals', 'low-carbon future', 'global leader', 'technology development', 'ultra-deepwater vessel', 'subsea experience', 'Euronext Brussels', 'strategic cooperation', 'engineering capacity', 'board seat', 'key task', 'precautionary approach', 'commercial operations', 'key ingredients', 'Deep-seabed mining', 'land-based mining', 'carbon footprint', 'climate change', 'Managing Director', 'raw materials', 'environmental risk', 'considerable momentum', 'circular economy', 'important role', 'surface vessel', 'controlling investment', 'cash investment', 'environmental feasibility', 'leadership position', 'successful trial', 'The SIT', 'necessary supply', 'polymetallic nodules', 'net-zero society', 'Transocean Ltd', 'Transocean plan', '40% reduction', 'subsidiary', 'GSR', 'contribution', 'technical', 'alliance', 'NYSE', 'capabilities', 'part', 'return', 'minoritystake', 'riser', 'step', 'project', 'company', 'potential', 'way', 'diversity', 'nickel', 'cobalt', 'copper', 'manganese', 'Australian', 'geopolitical', 'result', 'population', 'urbanization', '2025']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketscreener.com
18264,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsen-presents-strong-full-2022-060000070.html,Ipsen presents strong full-year 2022 results and guidance for 2023,2022 total sales up by 8.5% at CER1 (14.4% as reported) with growth platforms’2 sales increasing by 20.9%1 and Somatuline® (lanreotide) sales declining by...,Ipsen Pharma2022 total sales up by 8.5% at CER 1 (14.4% as reported) with growth platforms’ 2 sales increasing by 20.9% 1 and Somatuline ® (lanreotide) sales declining by 5.6% 12022 core operating margin of 36.9%  broadly in line with 2021; IFRS operating margin of 24.1%  down by 7.1% points  reflecting the impact of the acquisition of Epizyme and impairment losses on intangible assetsSuccessful delivery of strategy  driving strong growth  advancement of the pipeline and further external-innovation transactions  including the acquisition of Epizyme and the divestment of Consumer HealthCare2023 financial guidance: total-sales growth greater than 4.0% at CER1; core operating margin around 30% of total salesParis (France)  9 February 2023Ipsen (Euronext: IPN; ADR: IPSEY)  a global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company  presents today its financial results for the year and the fourth quarter of 2022.Extract of consolidated results for FY 2022 and FY 20213:FY 2022 FY 2021 %change €m €m Actual CER1 Total Sales 3 025.0 2 643.3 14.4% 8.5% Core Operating Income 1 115.4 983.1 13.5% Core operating margin 36.9% 37.2% -0.3% pts Core Consolidated Net Profit 872.4 740.1 17.9% Core earnings per share (fully diluted) 10.51 8.88 18.4% IFRS Operating Income 729.9 824.7 -11.5% IFRS operating margin 24.1% 31.2% -7.1% pts IFRS Consolidated Net Profit 647.5 646.7 0.1% IFRS earnings per share (fully diluted) 7.81 7.76 0.6% Dividend per share €1.204 €1.20 — Free Cash Flow 817.2 780.7 4.7% Net cash5 398.8 28.06 n/aDavid Loew  Chief Executive Officer  commented:“2022 was a year of strong results and clear progress on our strategic roadmap. Improving execution supported another excellent sales performance from our growth platforms in Oncology and Neuroscience. I was particularly pleased with the progress of the pipeline  including the recent clinical-trial results for Onivyde  which could significantly benefit patients with pancreatic cancer. We have also been replenishing the pipeline at pace through the acquisition of Epizyme in Oncology and  more recently  the announcement of Albireo in Rare Disease.Our external-innovation strategy  underpinned by a strong balance sheet and increasing cash generation  is expanding the number of potential medicines we have across our three therapy areas  and we have the ambition to enlarge the pipeline further. With the Company fully focused on Specialty Care  the outlook is promising  reflecting our commitment to bringing more medicines to patients and ensuring the sustainable growth of Ipsen.”Delivering on strategyIpsen delivered successfully on the second year of the implementation of its strategy: Focus. Together. For patients and society.The divestment of the Consumer HealthCare (CHC) business in 2022 was a major step forward towards building a more focused Ipsen  centering on Specialty Care. The growth platforms produced a double-digit performance  including Dysport  which grew by 29.4%%7 and Cabometyx  up by 23.9%7. There were also favorable developments from the existing pipeline  including positive results from the Phase III trial of the Onivyde-based regimen in pancreatic cancer  as well as the initiation of new trials  including a Phase II trial of elafibranor in rare liver disease.It was also a particularly strong period of replenishment of the pipeline  founded on the strong execution of Ipsen’s external-innovation model. Through a combination of in-licensing and acquisitions  the Company has added 20 new assets to the pipeline in the last two years across the three strategic therapy areas of Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. In 2022  Ipsen strengthened its position in Oncology by acquiring Epizyme  a fully integrated  commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company developing and delivering transformative therapies against novel epigenetic targets for cancer patients. More recently  Ipsen announced its intention to acquire Albireo8  a leading innovator in bile-acid modulators to treat pediatric and adult cholestatic liver diseases. This anticipated acquisition is designed to enrich Ipsen’s Rare Disease portfolio and pipeline.Finally  the Company continued to drive benefits from its global efficiencies program  yielding savings across the entire cost base  which enabled significant further investment in Ipsen’s priorities for growth.Full-year 2023 guidanceIpsen has set the following financial guidance for FY 2023  assuming the completion of the planned acquisition of Albireo  expected to close in the first quarter of the year:Total-sales growth greater than 4.0%  at constant currency. Based on the average level of exchange rates in January 2023  an anticipated adverse impact on total sales of around 2% from currenciesCore operating margin around 30% of total sales  excluding any potential impact of incremental investments from future external-innovation transactionsIpsen intends to provide a mid-term outlook before the end of 2023  following the anticipated completion of the acquisition of Albireo8  as well as a number of pipeline milestones.Business development updateIn January 2023  Ipsen and Albireo announced that they had entered into a definitive merger agreement under which Ipsen will acquire Albireo  a leading innovator in bile-acid modulators to treat pediatric and adult cholestatic liver diseases. The anticipated acquisition will enrich Ipsen’s Rare Disease portfolio and pipeline. The lead medicine in Albireo’s pipeline is Bylvay® (odevixibat)  the first-approved treatment in progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis in the U.S. and E.U.  with potential in other rare diseases. The transaction is anticipated to close in the first quarter of 2023.Pipeline updateIn November 2022  Ipsen announced that the NAPOLI 3 Phase III trial of Onivyde plus 5 fluorouracil/leucovorin and oxaliplatin (NALIRIFOX regimen)  compared to nab-paclitaxel plus gemcitabine in previously untreated patients with metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma  met its primary endpoint  demonstrating a clinically meaningful and statistically significant improvement in overall survival. The full trial results were presented in January 2023 at the American Clinical Society of Oncology Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium in San Francisco  U.S.In December 2022  Ipsen announced that the CONTACT-01 Phase III trial of Cabometyx  in combination with atezolizumab  compared to docetaxel in patients with unmutated metastatic non-small cell lung cancer who experienced disease progression on or after treatment with an immune checkpoint inhibitor and platinum-containing chemotherapy  did not meet its primary endpoint of an improvement in overall survival.In December 2022  the U.S. FDA issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) regarding the New Drug Application for palovarotene  an investigational treatment for the reduction of new abnormal bone formation (heterotopic ossification) in people living with fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva. The CRL was related to the regulatory agency’s previous request for additional information on palovarotene clinical-trial data communicated to Ipsen in October 2022  which was not a request for additional efficacy or safety data beyond existing studies. Ipsen anticipates responding to the request in the first quarter of 2023  with an expected six-month U.S. FDA review cycle. In January 2023  Ipsen received a negative opinion from the CHMP9 for palovarotene in the same indication. The Company will request a re-examination of the opinion  based on scientific data available from the existing palovarotene clinical-trial program.Environment  Social and Governance: Generation IpsenIpsen is committed to science-based reductions in greenhouse-gas emissions and its near-term climate targets were independently validated by the Science Based Target initiative in 2022. Ipsen now uses 100% green electricity for all operations in the U.K.  the Republic of Ireland and France. This increased the Company’s use of electricity from renewable sources to 90%  in line with a commitment to 100% renewable-electricity use by 2025. Another action was a further decarbonizing of Ipsen’s processes that have traditionally used fossil fuels to produce heat and steam for the manufacturing process  while a new Fleet For Future program is focused on the transitioning of at least 30% of Ipsen’s vehicle fleet to battery-electric vehicles by 2025.The Company is focused on patients’ access to medicines  including the provision in 2022 of humanitarian relief in response to the crisis in Ukraine via patient support  medicine donations and funding to the Red Cross and Tulipe charities. The partnership with Access Accelerated  a not-for-profit collective that works in communities that lack sufficient access to healthcare to address non-communicable diseases  also continued to thrive. Finally  Fondation Ipsen  under the aegis of the Fondation de France  again reached millions of people impacted by rare diseases  helping to improve lives across around 100 countries.Consolidated financial statementsThe Board of Directors approved the consolidated financial statements on 8 February 2023. The consolidated financial statements have been audited and the Statutory Auditors’ report is in the process of being published. Ipsen’s comprehensive audited financial statements will be available in due course on ipsen.com (regulated-information section).Conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and analysts will begin today at 1.45pm  Paris time. Participants can access the call and its details by registering here ; webcast details can be found here .CalendarIpsen intends to publish its first-quarter sales update on 27 April 2023.NotesAll financial figures are in € millions (€m). The performance shown in this announcement covers the twelve-month period to 31 December 2022 (the year or FY 2022) and the three-month period to 31 December 2022 (the fourth quarter or Q4 2022)  compared to twelve-month period to 31 December 2021 (FY 2021) and the three-month period to 31 December 2021 (Q4 2021)  respectively  unless stated otherwise. Commentary is based on the performance in FY 2022  unless stated otherwise. The performance of the CHC business  divested in July 2022  has been excluded from all commentary and comparisons to prior performance.IpsenIpsen is a global  mid-sized biopharmaceutical company focused on transformative medicines in Oncology  Rare Disease and Neuroscience. With total sales of €3.0bn in FY 2022  Ipsen sells medicines in over 100 countries. Alongside its external-innovation strategy  the Company’s research and development efforts are focused on its innovative and differentiated technological platforms located in the heart of leading biotechnological and life-science hubs: Paris-Saclay  France; Oxford  U.K.; Cambridge  U.S.; Shanghai  China. Ipsen has around 5 000 colleagues worldwide and is listed in Paris (Euronext: IPN) and in the U.S. through a Sponsored Level I American Depositary Receipt program (ADR: IPSEY). For more information  visit ipsen.com .ContactsInvestors Craig MarksVice President  Investor Relations+44 7584 349 193 Adrien Dupin de Saint-CyrInvestor Relations Manager+33 6 64 26 17 49 Media Amy WolfVice President and Head of Corporate Brand Strategyand Communications+41 79 576 07 23Ioana PiscociuSenior Manager Global Media Relations+33 6 69 09 12 96Total sales by therapy area and medicineFY 2022 FY2022 FY2021 %change Q42022 Q42021 %change €m €m Actual CER1 €m €m Actual CER10 Oncology 2 379.5 2 153.5 10.5% 4.7% 612.3 588.1 4.1% -1.1% Somatuline 1 218.0 1 202.7 1.3% -5.6% 306.1 328.3 -6.8% -13.3% Decapeptyl 529.7 459.6 15.3% 12.4% 133.7 127.0 5.3% 3.9% Cabometyx 448.7 354.6 26.6% 23.9% 121.0 96.0 26.1% 23.1% Onivyde 162.4 127.4 27.4% 14.1% 40.4 34.4 17.3% 5.9% Tazverik® 12.7 0.0 n/a n/a 9.9 0.0 n/a n/a Other Oncology 8.0 9.1 -12.2% -12.3% 1.1 2.4 -52.0% -51.6% Neuroscience 604.4 440.7 37.2% 29.7% 196.7 131.1 50.1% 40.6% Dysport 593.6 434.6 36.6% 29.4% 193.2 129.3 49.4% 40.4% Other Neuroscience 10.8 6.1 78.8% 52.1% 3.5 1.7 99.3% 59.7% Rare Diseases 41.1 49.1 -16.4% -18.3% 7.6 11.8 -36.1% -36.1% NutropinAq® 27.2 32.0 -15.1% -15.3% 6.4 7.5 -14.8% -14.8% Increlex® 13.9 17.1 -18.7% -23.8% 1.2 4.3 -73.1% -73.7% Total Sales 3 025.0 2 643.3 14.4% 8.5% 816.4 731.0 11.7% 5.8%Commentary is based on the performance in FY 2022  unless stated otherwise.Somatuline : in North America  sales fell by 7.5% 10   despite continued demand growth  with impacts from increased competition and adverse U.S. pricing  driven by an increased level of commercial rebates and unfavorable movements in channel mix  as well as lower wholesaler inventories. In the fourth quarter  Somatuline sales in North America declined by 17.6% 10   augmented by the difference in year-on-year levels of inventories in the U.S. In Europe  sales declined by 11.6% 10   reflecting the larger effects of the launches of generic lanreotide in more markets  including Germany  France  Spain and Italy. Sales in the Rest of the World grew by 36.7% 10   a result of strong performances in several geographies  including the Middle East  Japan  Russia  and Brazil.Dysport : The performance was driven by growth in the aesthetics market  including increased sales to Ipsen’s partner  Galderma  in North America  Brazil and Australia  and strong demand in most therapeutics markets. Stronger growth in the second half of the year reflected a recent manufacturing-capacity increase that benefitted supply to meet aesthetics-market demand.Decapeptyl : the performance was mainly driven by continued market-share gains in Europe  primarily in France  the U.K. and Italy  along with higher volumes in the Rest of the World. In China  sales continued to grow  despite the impact of the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Reduced growth in the fourth quarter reflected a particular impact from the response to the COVID-19 pandemic in China  as well as the phasing of various shipments.Cabometyx : the performance reflected strong volume uptakes in renal cell carcinoma across most geographies  mainly as a second-line monotherapy and  more recently  as a first-line therapy in combination with nivolumab.Onivyde : sales growth was primarily driven by a strong performance in the U.S.  as well as increased sales to Ipsen’s ex-U.S. partner.Tazverik: sales in the U.S. were consolidated for the four months from 1 September 2022.Total sales by geographical areaFY2022 FY2021 %change Q42022 Q42021 %change €m €m Actual CER11 €m €m Actual CER11 North America 1 032.1 916.3 12.6% 0.4% 272.9 266.5 2.4% -8.7% Europe12 1 237.3 1 205.5 2.6% 2.4% 312.6 318.3 -1.8% -1.4% Rest of the World 755.6 521.4 44.9% 36.7% 231.0 146.2 57.9% 47.4% Total Sales 3 025.0 2 643.3 14.4% 8.5% 816.4 731.0 11.7% 5.8%Commentary is based on the performance in FY 2022.North America : sales growth of 0.4% 11 was driven by a continued strong performance from Dysport in the therapeutics market and  in the aesthetics market  through Galderma  and from Onivyde  offset by a Somatuline sales decline of 7.5% 11 .Europe : sales growth of 2.4% 11 mainly reflected strong Cabometyx performances in France  Spain  Poland and Germany  Decapeptyl’s continued market-share uptakes and Onivyde’s performance through Ipsen’s partner. Dysport sales grew by 9.8% 11   a result of volume uptakes in the therapeutics market. Following the advance of generic lanreotide in a larger number of European markets  Somatuline sales declined by 11.6% 11 .Rest of the World: sales growth of 36.7%11 was driven by a solid volume performance in both Oncology and Neuroscience. In Oncology  the increase in Decapeptyl sales reflected volume growth in China  with continued share gains in several markets. The strong performance of Cabometyx was also a result of market-share gains across a number of geographies  including Brazil  Taiwan and the Middle East. The performance also reflected strong Somatuline sales  including in the Middle East  Japan and Brazil. In Neuroscience  the strong growth of Dysport sales was a result of volume uptakes in aesthetics markets  primarily in Latin America  Australia and the Middle East  as well as solid performances in therapeutics markets.Comparison of core consolidated income statementIn accordance with IFRS 5  FY 2022 consolidated net profit and free cash flow resulting from the CHC business have been reclassified in separate line items: ‘Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations’ in the profit and loss account and ‘Change in net cash/(debt) from discontinued operations’ in the cash-flow statement. The comparative figures for the prior year have been restated accordingly.FY 2022 opening net cash €28.0m  versus FY 2021 closing net debt of €126.4m  reflected the reclassification of the contingent liabilities (earnouts and CVRs13)  previously part of the definition of net debt. In the profit and loss account  the change in earnouts related to the probability of success and currency effects  previously impacting the financial results  was recognized in non-core operating income and expenses. The effect of unwinding is still presented in the financial results. FY 2021 was restated for these impacts.Epizyme was fully consolidated from 1 September 2022.Core financial measures are performance indicators. A reconciliation between these indicators and IFRS aggregates is presented in Appendix 4  ‘Bridges from IFRS consolidated net profit to core consolidated net profit’.FY 2022 FY 2021 %change€m % of total sales €m % of total sales Total Sales 3 025.0 100% 2 643.3 100% 14.4% Other revenue 131.5 4.3% 105.4 4.0% 24.7% Total Revenue 3 156.4 104.3% 2 748.6 104.0% 14.8% Cost of goods sold (527.7) (17.4)% (438.6) (16.6)% 20.3% Selling expenses (833.4) (27.6)% (728.1) (27.5)% 14.5% Research and development expenses (445.3) (14.7)% (424.4) (16.1)% 4.9% General and administrative expenses (205.8) (6.8)% (188.2) (7.1)% 9.3% Other core operating income 0.4 — 13.9 0.5% n/a Other core operating expenses (29.2) (1.0)% (0.1) — n/a Core Operating Income 1 115.4 36.9% 983.1 37.2% 13.5% Net financing costs (18.5) (0.6)% (21.8) (0.8)% (15.2)% Core other financial income and expense (13.4) (0.4)% (14.5) (0.5)% (7.2)% Core income taxes (210.8) (7.0)% (207.1) (7.8)% 1.8% Share of net profit/(loss) from equity-accounted companies (0.3) — 0.4 — n/a Core Consolidated Net Profit 872.4 28.8% 740.1 28.0% 17.9% - Attributable to shareholdersof Ipsen S.A. 873.5 28.9% 740.0 28.0% 18.1% - Attributable to non-controlling interests (1.3) — 0.1 — n/a Core EPS14 fully diluted: attributable to Ipsen S.A. shareholders €10.51 €8.88 18.4%Reconciliation from core consolidated net profit to IFRS consolidated net profitTotal salesTotal sales grew in 2022 by 8.5% at CER15  or 14.4% as reported  which included a positive impact from currencies of 5.9%.Other revenueOther revenue totaled €131.5m  an increase of 24.7%  reflecting the growth in royalties received from partners  primarily Galderma for Dysport.Cost of goods soldCost of goods sold of €527.7m represented 17.4% of total sales  an increase as a percentage of total sales of 0.8 percentage points (FY 2021: €438.6m  or 16.6%)  mainly due to an unfavorable mix impact and an increase in royalties paid to Ipsen’s Cabometyx partner.Selling expensesSelling expenses increased by 14.5% to €833.4m  driven by the integration of Epizyme  commercial efforts deployed to support sales growth and the impact of foreign exchange  partly offset by the Company’s efficiency program. Selling expenses represented 27.6% of total sales  in line with the prior year (FY 2021: 27.5%).Research and development expensesResearch and development expenses totaled €445.3m  representing growth of 4.9%  with reduced lifecycle-management investment in Oncology for Onivyde and Cabometyx offset by the impact of the acquisition of Epizyme and increased investment in Neuroscience  notably for next-generation neurotoxins  and in Rare Disease for elafibranor. Research and development expenses represented 14.7% of total sales  a decline of 1.3 percentage points versus the prior year (FY 2021: 16.1%).General and administrative expensesGeneral and administrative expenses increased by 9.3% to €205.8m. The ratio to total sales declined to 6.8% (FY 2021: 7.1%).Other core operating income and expensesOther core operating income and expenses amounted to an expense of €28.8m (FY 2021: an income of €13.8m)  reflecting the impact of Ipsen’s currency-hedging policy.Core operating incomeCore operating income amounted to €1 115.4m  growing by 13.5%  with a core operating margin at 36.9% of total sales  a decline of 0.3 percentage points  reflecting the dilutive impact from the acquisition of Epizyme.Core net financing costs and other financial income and expenseIpsen incurred net financial expenses of €31.9m (FY 2021: €36.3m). Net financing costs declined by €3.3m to €18.5m  driven by higher interest rates on investment income. Other financial income and expense declined by €1.1m to €13.4m  mainly reflecting reduced foreign-exchange impacts on non-commercial transactions.Core income taxesCore income tax expense of €210.8m reflected a higher profit before tax  combined with a lower core effective tax rate of 19.5% (FY 2021: 21.9%)  mainly impacted by the reclassification of Orphan Drug tax credits from research and development expenses to income taxes.Core consolidated net profitCore consolidated net profit increased by 17.9% to €872.4m (FY 2021: €740.1m).Core EPSFully-diluted core EPS came to €10.51  representing growth of 18.4% (FY 2021: €8.88).From core financial measures to IFRS reported figuresFY 2022 FY 2021 €m €m Core Consolidated Net Profit 872.4 740.1 Amortization of intangible assets (excluding software) (78.7) (59.6) Other operating income and expenses (105.4) (36.3) Restructuring costs (20.2) (14.6) Impairment losses (86.1) (6.5) Others 65.5 23.6 IFRS Consolidated Net Profit 647.5 646.7 IFRS EPS Fully Diluted - Attributable To Ipsen S.A. Shareholders €7.81 €7.76Amortization of intangible assets (excluding software)Amortization of intangible assets (excluding software) amounted to €103.6m before tax (FY 2021: €79.4m). The variation mainly related to the amortization of intangible assets for Cabometyx.Other operating income and expensesOther non-core operating expenses of €140.6m before tax mainly related to the acquisition of Epizyme and transaction costs  Ipsen’s transformation programs  the divestment of the CHC business  the discontinuation of clinical trials and the change in Onivyde earnouts following clinical-trial results for new indications. Other non-core operating expenses in FY 2021 totaled €50.3m before tax  mainly related to costs arising from Ipsen’s transformation programs.Restructuring costsRestructuring costs came to €26.9m before tax  mainly related to Epizyme-integration costs. Restructuring costs in 2021 amounted to €19.6m before tax  reflecting transformation projects in France and the U.S.Impairment lossesIpsen recognized an impairment losses on intangible assets of €114.3m before tax  including €55.1m for palovarotene  following the issuance of a Complete Response Letter by the U.S. FDA and the negative opinion from the European Medicines Agency's committee responsible for human medicines  and €59.3m on Neuroscience and Oncology intangible assets  following unfavorable clinical-trial results. In FY 2021  the Company recognized an impairment loss on intangible assets of €9.1m before tax  following an unfavorable clinical-trial result.OthersFinancial income and expenses and income taxes amounted to an income of €11.3m (FY 2021: €8.1m). Net profit from discontinued operations of €55.4m corresponded to the gain on the CHC divestiture and the contribution of the CHC business in the first half of 2022.IFRS financial measuresOperating incomeOperating profit amounted to €729.9m  declining by 11.5% (FY 2021: €824.7m)  mainly due the recognition of impairment losses in FY 2022.Consolidated net profitConsolidated net profit was €647.5m  in line with last year (2021: €646.7m).EPSFully-diluted EPS amounted to €7.81 per share  in line with the prior year (FY 2021: €7.76 per share).Net cash flow and financingFY 2022 opening net cash amounted to €28.0m versus FY 2021 closing net debt of €126.4m  reflecting the reclassification of contingent liabilities (earnouts and CVRs)  previously part of the definition of net debt.FY 2022 FY 2021 €m €m Opening Net Cash/(Debt)Including Contingent Liabilities (Earnouts & CVRs) (126.4) (525.3) Contingent liabilities (earnouts & CVRs) 154.4 137.2 Opening Net Cash/(Debt) 28.0 (388.0)Ipsen had a net cash increase of €370.8m  bringing closing net cash to €398.8m.FY 2022 FY 2021 €m €m Opening Net Cash/(Debt) 28.0 (388.0) Core Operating Income 1 115.4 983.1 Non-cash items 105.1 143.4 Change in operating working capital requirement (77.6) 10.7 (Increase)/decrease in other working capital requirement 77.4 (25.3) Net capital expenditures (excluding milestones paid) (140.6) (109.7) Dividends received from entities accounted for using the equity method — — Operating Cash Flow 1 079.6 1 002.3 Other non-core operating income and expenses and restructuring costs (63.3) (48.7) Financial income (23.6) (28.9) Current income tax (167.2) (144.8) Other operating cash flow (8.3) 0.9 Free Cash Flow 817.2 780.7 Distributions paid (100.2) (83.1) Net investments (business development and milestones) (564.5) (240.4) Share buyback (11.3) (36.7) FX on net indebtedness (20.4) (30.3) Change in cash/(debt) from discontinued activities 249.0 25.7 Other 1.0 — Shareholders Return And External Growth Operations (446.4) (364.7) CHANGE IN NET CASH/(DEBT) 370.8 416.0 Closing Net Cash/(Debt) 398.8 28.0Operating cash flowOperating cash flow totaled €1 079.6m  an increase of €77.3m (+7.7%)  driven by higher core operating income (an increase of €132.3m) and a better other working-capital-requirement change (€102.7m  reflecting the reimbursement in FY 2022 of tax refunds  combined with a variable-compensation increase)  partly offset by higher operating working-capital requirements (€88.3m mainly from higher trade receivables)  higher capital expenditures (€30.9m  including projects to increase capacity and efficiency at industrial sites  as well as IT and digital projects)  and lower other non-cash items  impacted by transformation projects  mostly in the U.S.  and the termination of R&D trials.Free cash flowFree cash flow grew by €36.5m to €817.2m (FY 2021: €780.7m)  reflecting higher operating cash flow  partly offset by an increase in income tax and other non-core expenses and restructuring costs.Shareholders’ return and external growth operationsThe distribution payout to Ipsen S.A. shareholders amounted to €100.2m in FY 2022  corresponding to a 2021 dividend per share of €1.20  paid in 2022 (FY 2021: €83.1m  for a 2020 dividend of €1.00 per share  paid in 2021).Net investments of €564.5m were mainly related to the acquisition of Epizyme for €400.3m and the in-licensing agreement with Marengo Therapeutics for €44.9m  as well as additional Cabometyx commercial and regulatory milestones paid to Exelixis for €122.8m and a development milestone for fidrisertib paid to Blueprint Medicines for €28.5m. Net investments in FY 2021 amounted to €240.4m  mainly driven by investments in external innovation  including the upfront payment related to the licensing agreement for elafibranor and the purchase of shares for a total of €148.0m  and Cabometyx commercial milestones of €50.7m paid to Exelixis. Foreign exchange on net indebtedness adversely impacted net debt  mainly due to a higher U.S. dollar versus Euro.Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and net cashFY 2022 FY 2021 €m €m Current Financial Assets(Derivative Instruments On Financial Operations) 2.5 0.6 Closing Cash And Cash Equivalents 1 165.5 809.1 Non-current loans (581.8) (562.8) Other non-current financial liabilities(excluding derivative instruments)16 (85.1) (100.0) Non-Current Financial Liabilities (666.9) (662.8) Credit lines and bank loans — — Other current financial liabilities(excluding derivative instruments)16 (102.3) (118.9) Current Financial Liabilities (102.3) (118.9) Debt (769.2) (781.8) Net Cash/(Debt)17 398.8 28.0Analysis of cashOn 16 June 2016  Ipsen S.A. issued €300m in unsecured  seven-year public bonds.On 24 May 2019  Ipsen S.A. signed an initial five-year Revolving Credit Facility (RCF) of €1 500m  which has been extended twice to May 2026.On 23 July 2019  Ipsen S.A. issued $300m through a U.S. Private Placement (USPP) in two tranches of 7 and 10‑year maturities.Ipsen must comply with a net debt / EBITDA covenant to remain below 3.5 times at each financial closing in both the RCF and the USPP. Ipsen complied with its covenant ratio for the RCF and the USPP. The RCF also includes specific indicators linked to Corporate Social Responsibility  assessed annually.On 31 December 2022  the RCF was fully undrawn and Ipsen S.A.’s program of emission of NEU CP – Negotiable EUropean Commercial Paper of €600m  was drawn for €65m.Appendix 1: consolidated income statementFY 2022 FY 202118 €m €m Total Sales 3 025.0 2 643.3 Other revenue 131.5 105.4 Total Revenue 3 156.4 2 748.6 Cost of goods sold (527.7) (438.6) Selling expenses (833.4) (728.1) Research and development expenses (445.3) (424.4) General and administrative expenses (205.8) (188.2) Other operating income 32.1 52.5 Other operating expenses (305.1) (168.4) Restructuring costs (26.9) (19.6) Impairment losses (114.3) (9.1) Operating Income 729.9 824.7 Net financing costs (18.5) (21.8) Other financial income and expenses (5.5) (13.8) Income taxes (112.3) (158.3) Share of net profit/(loss) from equity-accounted companies (1.5) 0.4 Net Profit/(Loss) From Continuing Operations 592.1 631.2 Net profit (loss) from discontinued operations 55.4 15.5 Consolidated Net Profit/(Loss) 647.5 646.7 - Attributable to shareholders of Ipsen S.A. 648.6 646.6 - Attributable to non-controlling interests (1.1) 0.1 Basic earnings per share  continuing operations (in euros) €7.20 €7.64 Diluted earnings per share  continuing operations (in euros) €7.14 €7.57 Basic earnings per share  discontinued operations (in euros) €0.67 €0.19 Diluted earnings per share  discontinued operations (in euros) €0.66 €0.19 Basic Earnings Per Share (In Euros) €7.87 €7.82 Diluted Earnings Per Share (In Euros) €7.81 €7.76Appendix 2: consolidated balance sheet before allocation of net profit31 December 2022 31 December 202119 €m €m ASSETS Goodwill 579.9 623.2 Other intangible assets 1 585.4 1 370.0 Property  plant & equipment 581.4 647.5 Equity investments 109.8 106.9 Investments in equity-accounted companies 26.4 26.2 Non-current financial assets 0.1 0.1 Deferred tax assets 321.1 258.7 Other non-current assets 6.1 4.3 Total Non-Current Assets 3 210.3 3 036.7 Inventories 284.1 219.4 Trade receivables 632.5 564.3 Current tax assets 41.2 122.8 Current financial assets 31.0 11.7 Other current assets 239.5 221.0 Cash and cash equivalents 1 169.3 814.7 Total Current Assets 2 397.6 1 953.8 TOTAL ASSETS 5 607.9 4 990.5 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES Share capital 83.8 83.8 Additional paid-in capital and consolidated reserves 2 547.4 1 967.7 Net profit (loss) for the period 648.6 646.6 Foreign exchange differences 57.4 37.2 Equity Attributable To Ipsen S.A. Shareholders 3 337.3 2 735.2 Equity attributable to non-controlling interests (0.6) 2.5 Total Shareholders' Equity 3 336.7 2 737.7 Retirement benefit obligation 18.7 40.7 Non-current provisions 68.5 64.0 Other non-current financial liabilities 667.0 662.9 Deferred tax liabilities 77.9 101.8 Other non-current liabilities 103.7 155.1 Total Non-Current Liabilities 935.7 1 024.4 Current provisions 55.6 41.6 Current financial liabilities 113.8 129.7 Trade payables 647.1 594.7 Current tax liabilities 11.8 10.0 Other current liabilities 503.3 446.8 Bank overdrafts 3.8 5.5 Total Current Liabilities 1 335.4 1 228.4 TOTAL EQUITY & LIABILITIES 5 607.9 4 990.5Appendix 3.1: consolidated statement of cash flowFY 2022 FY 202120 €m €m Consolidated Net Profit 647.5 646.7 Share of profit/(loss) from equity-accounted companies 1.2 (0.4) Net profit from discontinued operations (55.4) (15.5) Net Profit/(Loss) Before Share From Equity-Accounted Companies 593.4 630.8 Non-cash and non-operating items: - Depreciation  amortization  impairment losses and provisions 336.5 246.4 - Change in fair value of financial derivatives 4.4 0.5 - Net gains or losses on disposals of non-current assets (7.5) 5.3 - Unrealized foreign exchange differences (9.5) 2.3 - Net financing costs 18.5 21.8 - Income taxes 111.8 158.3 - Share-based payment expense 26.5 26.9 '- Other non-cash items21 67.3 (3.6) Cash Flow From Operating Activities BeforeChanges In Working Capital Requirement 1 141.2 1 088.6 - (Increase)/decrease in inventories (19.9) (4.4) - (Increase)/decrease in trade receivables (86.8) (65.8) - Increase/(decrease) in trade payables 29.1 80.9 - Net change in income tax liability 0.0 0.0 - Net change in other operating assets and liabilities 38.5 (24.9) Change in working capital requirement related to operating activities (39.1) (14.2) Tax paid (130.7) (181.1) NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 971.4 893.3 Acquisition of property  plant & equipment (96.6) (87.7) Acquisition of intangible assets (156.3) (330.2) Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets and property  plant & equipment 10.0 1.0 Acquisition of shares in non-consolidated companies (7.8) (28.4) Impact of changes in the consolidation scope (131.5) 17.4 Change in working capital related to investment activities (89.5) 98.6 Other cash flow related to investment activities 13.2 (2.8) NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES (458.6) (332.0) Additional long-term borrowings 16.0 29.4 Repayment of long-term borrowings (1.1) (0.6) Additional short-term borrowings 1 212.8 657.0 Repayment of short-term borrowings (1 262.2) (965.4) Contingent payments related to acquisitions (0.1) 0.1 Capital increase 0.0 0.0 Treasury shares (11.3) (36.7) Distributions paid by Ipsen S.A. (99.3) (82.9) Dividends paid by subsidiaries to non-controlling interests (0.9) (0.2) Change in working capital related to financing activities 0.0 (1.0) Paid interests (18.2) (21.5) NET CASH PROVIDED (USED) BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES (164.2) (421.8) CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTSFROM CONTINUING ACTIVITIES 348.6 139.5 CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTSFROM DISCONTINUED ACTIVITIES 1.9 24.1 Impact Of Exchange Rate Fluctuations 5.9 5.8 CLOSING CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 1 165.5 809.1Appendix 3.2: consolidated net cash flow statement,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.8,0.09,0.11,True,English,"['strong full-year 2022 results', 'Ipsen', 'guidance', '2023', 'adult cholestatic liver diseases', 'Consumer HealthCare (CHC) business', 'Core Consolidated Net Profit', 'three strategic therapy areas', 'IFRS Consolidated Net Profit', 'global specialty-driven biopharmaceutical company', 'Actual CER1 Total Sales', 'three therapy areas', 'global efficiencies program', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Phase III trial', 'Phase II trial', 'last two years', 'novel epigenetic targets', 'entire cost base', 'Core Operating Income', '2022 core operating margin', 'Free Cash Flow', 'rare liver disease', 'commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'IFRS Operating Income', 'IFRS operating margin', 'recent clinical-trial results', 'strong balance sheet', 'Rare Disease portfolio', 'excellent sales performance', 'future external-innovation transactions', 'following financial guidance', 'growth platforms’ 2 sales', 'consolidated results', 'Net cash5', 'Core earnings', 'strategic roadmap', '2022 total sales', '2023 financial guidance', 'IFRS earnings', 'financial results', 'cash generation', 'double-digit performance', 'strong results', 'Full-year 2023 guidance', 'external-innovation model', 'strong growth', 'positive results', 'strong period', 'strong execution', 'impairment losses', 'intangible assets', 'Successful delivery', 'total-sales growth', 'fourth quarter', 'David Loew', 'Improving execution', 'pancreatic cancer', 'Specialty Care', 'sustainable growth', 'major step', 'favorable developments', 'Onivyde-based regimen', 'new trials', '20 new assets', 'transformative therapies', 'leading innovator', 'first quarter', 'constant currency', 'average level', 'exchange rates', 'incremental investments', 'mid-term outlook', 'adverse impact', 'potential impact', 'clear progress', 'external-innovation strategy', 'potential medicines', 'second year', 'cancer patients', 'existing pipeline', 'pipeline milestones', 'Ipsen Pharma', 'focused Ipsen', 'planned acquisition', 'Somatuline ®', 'lanreotide', 'Epizyme', 'advancement', 'divestment', 'Paris', 'France', '9 February', 'Euronext', 'IPN', 'ADR', 'IPSEY', 'Extract', 'FY', 'share', 'Dividend', 'Oncology', 'Neuroscience', 'pace', 'announcement', 'Albireo', 'number', 'ambition', 'commitment', 'implementation', 'society', 'Dysport', 'Cabometyx', 'initiation', 'elafibranor', 'replenishment', 'combination', 'licensing', 'acquisitions', 'position', 'intention', 'pediatric', 'benefits', 'savings', 'significant', 'priorities', 'completion', 'January', 'currencies', '5.', '2021', '29.']",2023-02-09,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18265,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.buffalonews.com/buffnews/article/gnwcq-2023-2-10-dbv-technologies-to-participate-in-upcoming-investor-conference,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference. DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Mark,DBV Technologies to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conference. DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Stock Mark,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conference', 'DBV Technologies', 'Upcoming Investor Conference', 'Nasdaq Stock Mark', 'DBV Technologies', 'Euronext', 'ISIN']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,markets.buffalonews.com
18266,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/innate-pharma-participate-upcoming-investor-060000486.html,Innate Pharma to Participate in Upcoming Investor Conferences,"MARSEILLE  France  February 07  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"") today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the following upcoming ...","MARSEILLE  France  February 07  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"") today announced that members of its senior management team are scheduled to participate in the following upcoming investor conferences:SVB Securities Global Biopharma ConferenceEvent Date: February 14 - 16  2023 (virtual)Citi's 2023 Virtual Oncology Leadership SummitEvent Date: February 22  2023 (virtual)H.C. Wainwright Cell Therapy Virtual ConferenceEvent Date: February 28  2023 (virtual)About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of Natural Killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.comInformation about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN code FR0010331421 Ticker code Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA LEI 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including ""believe "" ""potential "" ""expect"" and ""will"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts  the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development and the overall impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global healthcare system as well as the Company’s business  financial condition and results of operations. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (""Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (""AMF"")  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.Story continuesThis press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230206005449/en/ContactsInvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.eu",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.1,0.57,True,English,"['Upcoming Investor Conferences', 'Innate Pharma', 'H.C. Wainwright Cell Therapy Virtual Conference', 'SVB Securities Global Biopharma Conference', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'global, clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company', '2023 Virtual Oncology Leadership Summit', 'Natural Killer cell biology', 'high unmet medical need', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'global healthcare system', 'senior management team', 'upcoming investor conferences', 'diversified proprietary portfolio', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Ticker code Euronext', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'financial condition', 'immune system', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Paris', 'Event Date', 'clinical outcomes', 'broad pipeline', 'class clinical', 'preclinical candidates', 'tumor microenvironment', 'antibody engineering', 'innovative approach', 'major alliances', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'multi-products collaboration', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'overall impact', 'COVID-19 outbreak', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'source version', 'Media Relations', 'Arthur Rouillé', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'US office', 'IPHA LEI', 'actual results', 'forward-looking information', 'numerous risks', 'AMF website', 'Henry Wheeler', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'February', 'members', 'Citi', 'treatment', 'patients', 'cancer', 'several', 'pioneer', 'understanding', 'expertise', 'tumor-antigens', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'potential', 'expect', 'will', 'uncertainties', 'research', 'development', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'operations', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'reports', 'year', 'Story', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'NewCap', '33', '4']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,uk.finance.yahoo.com
18267,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-ie/money/news/dip-in-income-for-irish-stock-exchange-owner-euronext-after-tough-year-in-financial-markets/ar-AA17iJf6,Dip in income for Irish Stock Exchange owner Euronext after tough year in financial markets,Euronext  the owner of the Irish stock exchange the Irish Stock Exchange  suffered a slight loss of net income across its network as trading revenue dipped in a tough year for financial markets. The pan-European exchange  with markets in Dublin ...,Euronext  the owner of the Irish stock exchange the Irish Stock Exchange  suffered a slight loss of net income across its network as trading revenue dipped in a tough year for financial markets.The pan-European exchange  with markets in Dublin  Amsterdam  Brussels  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris  reported a 1.6pc decrease in pro forma annual earnings to €861.6m.While profits grew a reported 11.7pc  the headline figure was flattered by comparison to the previous year’s figures  before the acquisition of the Borsa Italiana. When the Italian exchange’s pre-deal performance is taken into consideration  net income fell during the year.Euronext remained the top venue in Europe for new stock exchange listings by welcoming 83 companies to market during the year. However  this was less than half the 212 new equity debuts registered in 2021  when a Covid capital markets bonanza was underway.There were no initial public offerings on the Irish Stock Exchange in 2022.Nonetheless  listing revenue grew to €218.4m  up 7.3pc on a pro forma basis  which the company said demonstrated “the resilience of the business in tougher market conditions”. Euronext’s status as the leading venue for debt listing globally contributed to the performance.Trading revenue fell 0.8pc on a pro forma basis after a very strong start to the year when volume and volatility rose across markets due to the war in Ukraine and a changing interest rate environment across the US  UK and eurozone.Euronext said it would pay shareholders a dividend of €236.6m - 50pc of the company’s reported income.Sign up to the Irish Independent Business Newsletter for the best business and finance coverage in Ireland.,negative,0.02,0.07,0.91,mixed,0.19,0.28,0.53,True,English,"['Irish Stock Exchange owner', 'tough year', 'financial markets', 'Dip', 'income', 'Euronext', 'changing interest rate environment', 'pro forma annual earnings', 'Covid capital markets bonanza', 'new stock exchange listings', 'Irish Independent Business Newsletter', 'pro forma basis', '212 new equity debuts', 'Irish stock exchange', 'initial public offerings', 'tougher market conditions', 'pan-European exchange', 'Italian exchange', 'best business', 'slight loss', 'trading revenue', 'financial markets', '1.6pc decrease', 'headline figure', 'Borsa Italiana', 'top venue', 'listing revenue', 'leading venue', 'debt listing', 'strong start', 'finance coverage', 'net income', 'pre-deal performance', 'tough year', 'previous year', 'Euronext', 'owner', 'network', 'Dublin', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'profits', 'figures', 'acquisition', 'consideration', '83 companies', 'company', 'resilience', 'status', 'volume', 'volatility', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'eurozone', 'shareholders', '50pc', 'Ireland']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,msn.com
18268,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-02/58287343-oxurion-nv-oxurion-receives-transparency-notifications-399.htm,Oxurion NV: Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US - February 10  2022 - 7.30 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders ...,"Oxurion Receives Transparency NotificationsLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US - February 10  2022 - 7.30 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 9  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 3  2023  it held 12 528 163 shares of the then outstanding 466 875 130 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 1Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 8  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 1  2023  it held 17 693 115 shares of the then outstanding 466 875 130 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (5%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 2In addition  Oxurion informs the markets that it has updated the Transparency Notifications section of its investor relations website) to incorporate additional transparency notifications from Negma  Thomas M. Clay/Epacria Capital Partners LLC and Philippe Vlerick/Bareldam SA disclosing their positions having crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the issuance of new voting securities in late 2022.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered ""forward-looking"". Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company's Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.05,0.64,True,English,"['Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion NV', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Epacria Capital Partners LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'investor relations website', 'Thomas M. Clay', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Transparency Notifications section', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Negma Group Ltd', 'additional transparency notifications', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'new voting securities', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Transparency Notifications Leuven', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Conway Communications', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Philippe Vlerick', 'Bareldam SA', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 466,875,130 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'Michael Dillen', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'DME patients', '12,528,163 shares', '17,693,115 shares', 'Annex 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'disposal', 'markets', 'positions', 'issuance', 'late', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.30', '32']",2023-02-05,2023-02-10,finanznachrichten.de
18269,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-receives-transparency-notifications-183000065.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notifications,Leuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 10  2022 – 7.30 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal ...,"Oxurion NVOxurion Receives Transparency NotificationsLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – February 10  2022 – 7.30 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 9  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 3  2023  it held 12 528 163 shares of the then outstanding 466 875 130 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 1Oxurion received a transparency notification on February 8  2023 from Negma Group Ltd. indicating that as of February 1  2023  it held 17 693 115 shares of the then outstanding 466 875 130 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (5%) by virtue of disposal of voting securities. See Annex 2In addition  Oxurion informs the markets that it has updated the Transparency Notifications section of its investor relations website (https://ir.oxurion.com/shareholder-information/transparency-notifications) to incorporate additional transparency notifications from Negma  Thomas M. Clay/Epacria Capital Partners LLC and Philippe Vlerick/Bareldam SA disclosing their positions having crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of the issuance of new voting securities in late 2022.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Story continuesImportant information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.For further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1ANNEX 2Attachments",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.07,0.66,True,English,"['Transparency Notifications', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Tom Graney Chief Executive Officer', 'Epacria Capital Partners LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Chief Business Officer', 'next generation standard', 'investor relations website', 'Thomas M. Clay', 'Philippe Vlerick/Bareldam SA', 'diabetic macular edema', 'potential new standard', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'Transparency Notifications section', 'Mary T. Conway', 'Negma Group Ltd.', 'additional transparency notifications', 'clinical stage assets', 'U S', 'new voting securities', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Transparency Notifications Leuven', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'Conway Communications', 'new information', 'Additional information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'More information', 'Important information', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'outstanding 466,875,130 shares', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 2 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', '12,528,163 shares', '17,693,115 shares', 'Annex 1', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'February', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'disposal', 'markets', 'transparency-notifications', 'positions', 'issuance', 'late', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Tel', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', '7.30', '32']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18270,EuroNext,Bing API,https://financefeeds.com/euronext-reports-solid-revenues-net-profit-for-2022/,Euronext reports solid revenues  net profit for 2022,Euronext  which operates the biggest pan-European exchange  has published its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. Full year 2022 underlying revenue came in at €1.46 billion  up 9.3 percent from €1.14 billion the previous year ...,Euronext  which operates the biggest pan-European exchange  has published its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2022. Full year 2022 underlying revenue came in at €1.46 billion  up 9.3 percent from €1.14 billion the previous year ...,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['solid revenues', 'net profit', 'Euronext', '2022', 'biggest pan-European exchange', 'fourth quarter', 'full year', 'underlying revenue', 'previous year', 'Euronext', 'results']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,financefeeds.com
18271,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-02/58286842-sequana-medical-nv-sequana-medical-announces-results-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-shareholders-399.htm,Sequana Medical NV: Sequana Medical announces results of Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,"PRESS RELEASE REGULATED INFORMATION 10 February 2023 18:00 CET Ghent  Belgium - 10 February 2023- Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""SequanaMedical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart ...","PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION10 F ebruary 2023  18:00 CETGhent  Belgium - 10 February 2023- Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""SequanaMedical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that all proposed resolutions submitted to the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders were approved at the meeting held today at 09:00 am CET.The items on the agenda of the meeting included (amongst other things) the approval of the appointment of Douglas Kohrs and Alexandra Taylor Clyde as independent non-executive directors  the approval of certain amendments to the Company's remuneration policy  and the issuance of ""Kreos Subscription Rights"" (in the form of subscription rights).The minutes of the shareholders' meeting can be accessed on the Company's website.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 05 35 79Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical study of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States andCanada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied inadult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding thePOSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should benoted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinicalinvestigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in theUnited States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapumpsystem in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  UnitedKingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be consideredforward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance.Theseforward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the futureholds and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medicalexpressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-lookingstatements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should notplace undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as ofthe date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.02,0.83,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical study', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON study', 'positive primary endpoint data', 'growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population', 'Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application', 'limited effective treatment options', 'Alexandra Taylor Clyde', 'independent non-executive directors', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'frequent clinical complication', 'up to 15 liters', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'disease-modifying drug program', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'innovative treatment options', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'Kreos Subscription Rights', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'The alfapump® system', 'major clinical', 'clinical proof', 'clinical investigation', 'clinical research', 'major impact', 'extra fluid', 'alfapump system', 'Sequana Medicalexpressly', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'other things', 'Douglas Kohrs', 'remuneration policy', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'healthcare systems', 'ongoing pre-clinical', 'ongoing investigations', 'Hong Kong', 'future performance', 'current judgment', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'United States', 'daily life', 'life benefits', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'high costs', 'refractory ascites', 'liver cirrhosis', 'recurrent ascites', 'registered trademark', 'other information', 'DSR® therapy', 'DSR therapy', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'many patients', '10 F', '18:00 CET', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'SequanaMedical', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'resolutions', 'items', 'agenda', 'appointment', 'amendments', 'issuance', 'minutes', 'website', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'diuretics', 'standard', 'problem', 'quality', 'large', 'body', 'filing', 'FDA', 'H2', 'concept', 'MOJAVE', 'Q2', 'Canada', 'development', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'clinicalinvestigations', 'link', 'alfapumpsystem', 'Europe', 'Note', 'Benelux', 'China', 'UnitedKingdom', 'predictions', 'estimates', 'guarantees', 'futureholds', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions', 'forward-lookingstatements', 'law', 'regulation', 'opinions', 'Attachments', '498', '44']",2023-02-05,2023-02-10,finanznachrichten.de
18272,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-results-extraordinary-170000542.html,Sequana Medical announces results of Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders,"CET Ghent  Belgium – 10 February 2023 –  (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that all proposed resolutions submitted to the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders were approved at the meeting held today at 09:00 am CET.","Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION10 F ebruary 2023  18:00 CETGhent  Belgium – 10 February 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that all proposed resolutions submitted to the extraordinary general meeting of shareholders were approved at the meeting held today at 09:00 am CET.The items on the agenda of the meeting included (amongst other things) the approval of the appointment of Douglas Kohrs and Alexandra Taylor Clyde as independent non-executive directors  the approval of certain amendments to the Company's remuneration policy  and the issuance of ""Kreos Subscription Rights"" (in the form of subscription rights).The minutes of the shareholders' meeting can be accessed on the Company’s website.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 05 35 79Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.Story continuesalfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON study of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical study of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  and Hong Kong.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.12,0.72,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Sequana Medical', 'results', 'Shareholders', 'US multi-centered randomized controlled Phase 1/2a clinical study', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'North American pivotal POSEIDON study', 'positive primary endpoint data', 'growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population', 'Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application', 'limited effective treatment options', 'POSEIDON clinical study', 'Alexandra Taylor Clyde', 'independent non-executive directors', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'frequent clinical complication', 'up to 15 liters', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'disease-modifying drug program', 'Important Regulatory Disclaimers', 'innovative treatment options', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'Kreos Subscription Rights', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'The alfapump® system', 'major clinical', 'clinical proof', 'clinical investigation', 'clinical research', 'major impact', 'extra fluid', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'other things', 'Douglas Kohrs', 'remuneration policy', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'repeated hospitalizations', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'healthcare systems', 'United States', 'alfapump system', 'ongoing pre-clinical', 'ongoing investigations', 'United Kingdom', 'Hong Kong', 'current judgment', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'daily life', 'life benefits', 'high costs', 'refractory ascites', 'liver cirrhosis', 'SEQUA.BR', 'recurrent ascites', 'registered trademark', 'future performance', 'DSR® therapy', 'DSR therapy', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'other information', 'many patients', 'adult patients', ""shareholders' meeting"", '10 F', '18:00 CET', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'resolutions', 'items', 'agenda', 'appointment', 'amendments', 'issuance', 'minutes', 'website', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'diuretics', 'standard', 'problem', 'quality', 'large', 'Story', 'body', 'filing', 'FDA', 'H2', 'concept', 'MOJAVE', 'Q2', 'Ticker', 'Canada', 'development', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'link', 'Europe', 'Note', 'Benelux', 'China', 'predictions', 'estimates', 'guarantees', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions', 'law', 'regulation', 'opinions', 'Attachments', '09:00', '498']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,finance.yahoo.com
18273,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/eurogroup-laminations-shares-rise-above-ipo-price-in-stock-market-debut-3c1c3a33,Eurogroup Laminations Shares Rise Above IPO Price in Stock Market Debut,Shares in Eurogroup Laminations SpA rose above the price of 5.5 euros a share ($5.91) the company had set for its initial public offering as it began trading on the Euronext Milan on Friday. At 1501 GMT  shares in Eurogroup Laminations traded at EUR5.56 ...,By Christian Moess LaursenShares in Eurogroup Laminations SpA rose above the price of 5.5 euros a share ($5.91) the company had set for its initial public offering as it began trading on the Euronext Milan on Friday.At 1501 GMT  shares in Eurogroup Laminations traded at EUR5.56  or 1.5% higher than the IPO price  having risen as much as 7.3% earlier in the session.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Eurogroup Laminations Shares', 'IPO Price', 'Stock Market', 'Debut', 'Christian Moess Laursen', 'initial public offering', 'Eurogroup Laminations SpA', 'Euronext Milan', 'IPO price', 'Shares', '5.5 euros', 'company', 'Friday', '1501 GMT', 'session']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,marketwatch.com
18274,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF $ERNXY NEW ARTICLE : Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript https://t.co/ylofO0aBJz Get all… https://t.co/I7nAgiqiqW,nan,$EUXTF $ERNXY NEW ARTICLE : Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript https://t.co/ylofO0aBJz Get all… https://t.co/I7nAgiqiqW,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'EUXTF', 'Euronext N.V.', 'Earnings Call Transcript', 'NEW ARTICLE', 'EUXTF']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18275,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on February 10  16:30:00: Aptorum Group Regains Compliance with Nasd… https://t.co/qSBNbn3j5K,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on February 10  16:30:00: Aptorum Group Regains Compliance with Nasd… https://t.co/qSBNbn3j5K,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Aptorum Group', 'February', 'Compliance', 'qSBNbn3j5K', 'Press Release', 'Aptorum Group', 'February', 'Compliance', 'qSBNbn3j5K']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18276,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF - Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript https://t.co/35fgpQVN8y,nan,$EUXTF - Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript https://t.co/35fgpQVN8y,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'EUXTF', 'Euronext N.V.', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'EUXTF']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18277,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EUXTF $ERNXY - Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript. https://t.co/4H8SJUQYgx #business #trading #economy,nan,$EUXTF $ERNXY - Euronext N.V. (EUXTF) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript. https://t.co/4H8SJUQYgx #business #trading #economy,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext N.V.', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'H8SJUQYgx', 'business', 'trading', 'economy', 'Euronext N.V.', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'H8SJUQYgx', 'business', 'trading', 'economy']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18278,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Stephane Boujnah  CEO of Euronext  discusses the company's earnings and diversification of the business. https://t.co/SILkZa8Q4p,nan,Stephane Boujnah  CEO of Euronext  discusses the company's earnings and diversification of the business. https://t.co/SILkZa8Q4p,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Stephane Boujnah', 'CEO', 'Euronext', 'company', 'earnings', 'diversification', 'business', 'SILkZa8Q4p', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'CEO', 'Euronext', 'company', 'earnings', 'diversification', 'business', 'SILkZa8Q4p']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18279,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,📌Official statement from CFTC regarding the delayed commitments of traders report(Euronext and ICE futures exchan… https://t.co/iRVzz6L55J,nan,📌Official statement from CFTC regarding the delayed commitments of traders report(Euronext and ICE futures exchan… https://t.co/iRVzz6L55J,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,negative,0.0,0.05,0.95,True,English,"['Official statement', 'ICE futures', 'CFTC', 'commitments', 'traders', 'Euronext', 'Official statement', 'ICE futures', 'CFTC', 'commitments', 'traders', 'Euronext']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18280,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Dip in income for Irish Stock Exchange owner Euronext after tough year in financial markets https://t.co/TBAkzJKfWm,nan,Dip in income for Irish Stock Exchange owner Euronext after tough year in financial markets https://t.co/TBAkzJKfWm,neutral,0.02,0.72,0.25,neutral,0.02,0.72,0.25,True,English,"['Irish Stock Exchange owner', 'tough year', 'financial markets', 'Dip', 'income', 'Euronext', 'TBAkzJKfWm', 'Irish Stock Exchange owner', 'tough year', 'financial markets', 'Dip', 'income', 'Euronext', 'TBAkzJKfWm']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18281,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext (https://t.co/Ree0jv4S2c)   whose wheat futures are a price benchmark for the European grain sector delays… https://t.co/bj9DmNRIJp,nan,Euronext (https://t.co/Ree0jv4S2c)   whose wheat futures are a price benchmark for the European grain sector delays… https://t.co/bj9DmNRIJp,neutral,0.12,0.82,0.06,neutral,0.12,0.82,0.06,True,English,"['European grain sector delays', 'wheat futures', 'price benchmark', 'Euronext', 'European grain sector delays', 'wheat futures', 'price benchmark', 'Euronext']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18282,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext says non  nein to US cloud providers services as rivals sign up https://t.co/a6PnlE9RR2,nan,Euronext says non  nein to US cloud providers services as rivals sign up https://t.co/a6PnlE9RR2,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['US cloud providers services', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'US cloud providers services', 'Euronext', 'rivals']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18283,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Italian electric motor maker Eurogroup Laminations SpA (EGLA IM) started trading on @Euronext Milan today  joining… https://t.co/O23JxihBUr,nan,Italian electric motor maker Eurogroup Laminations SpA (EGLA IM) started trading on @Euronext Milan today  joining… https://t.co/O23JxihBUr,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['Italian electric motor maker', 'Eurogroup Laminations SpA', 'EGLA IM', 'O23JxihBUr', 'Italian electric motor maker', 'Eurogroup Laminations SpA', 'EGLA IM', 'O23JxihBUr']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
18284,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,New: Euronext says non  nein to US cloud providers services as rivals sign up https://t.co/vTxugXsTWx,nan,New: Euronext says non  nein to US cloud providers services as rivals sign up https://t.co/vTxugXsTWx,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['US cloud providers services', 'Euronext', 'rivals', 'US cloud providers services', 'Euronext', 'rivals']",2023-02-10,2023-02-10,Unknown
