UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49611,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048427/0/en/Huhtam%C3%A4ki-Oyj-Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 25.3.2025 AT 9:00 EET  Huhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General Meeting  Notice is given to the shareholders of......,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 25.3.2025 AT 9:00 EETHuhtamäki Oyj: Notice to the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Huhtamäki Oyj (the “Company”) to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  April 24  2025  at 11:00 a.m. (EEST) at Scandic Marina Congress Center  Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. Reception of shareholders who have registered for the meeting and distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EEST).Shareholders may follow the Annual General Meeting via a webcast. The webcast is available for those shareholders who have registered for the webcast and are also registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 10  2025. Instructions on how to register for and follow the webcast are available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). It is not possible to present questions  make proposals or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of shareholder rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2024Review by the President and CEO7. Adoption of the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.10 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend would be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.55 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment April 28  2025. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the first dividend instalment would be May 6  2025.The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.55 per share  is proposed to be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 1  2025. The Board of Directors proposes that the payment date for the second dividend instalment would be October 8  2025.The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.No significant changes have taken place in the Company’s financial position since the end of the financial year. The Company’s liquidity position is good  and the proposed distribution does not  in the view of the Board of Directors  risk the Company’s ability to fulfill its obligations.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Presentation and adoption of the Remuneration Report for the Governing BodiesThe Company’s Remuneration Report 2024 will be presented to the Annual General Meeting for advisory approval. The Remuneration Report 2024 is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).11. Resolution on the remuneration and expense compensation of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors would be paid as follows: to the Chair EUR 180 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 84 000 and to the other members EUR 69 000 each. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees would be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 17 500 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 7 000  to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 10 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 4 200 as well as to the Chair of the Investment Committee EUR 10 500 and to the other members of the Investment Committee EUR 4 200. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that EUR 1 500 would be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members would be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board expects all members of the Board of Directors to own shares in Huhtamäki Oyj.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors would be nine (9).13. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors  Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. Robert K. Beckler  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Pauline Lindwall  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Pekka Vauramo  would be re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Essimari Kairisto and Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski would be elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Mr. Pekka Vauramo would be re-elected as Chair of the Board  and that Ms. Kerttu Tuomas would be re-elected as Vice-Chair of the Board.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board’s proposal regarding the composition of the Board of Directors is based on the assumption that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole.Ms. Essimari Kairisto (born 1966) has acted as CFO and member of the Executive Board at Hochtief Solutions AG (2013–2016). Before that she has worked in several management positions at Sasol (2007–2013)  Lahmeyer International GmbH (2004–2007)  RWE Solutions (2002–2004) and Schlumberger (1995–2001). Ms. Kairisto’s current key positions of trust include acting as a Board member of Fortum Oyj and Iveco Group N.V.  and as a member of the Supervisory Board of MCF Corporate Finance GmbH  Fugro N.V.  TenneT Holding B.V. and Freudenberg & Co. KG. Ms. Kairisto holds a Diploma in Business Administration (Germany). She is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.Mr. Johann Christoph Michalski (born 1966) has acted as President and CEO at Billerud AB (publ) (2020–2023). Before that he has worked in several management positions at Vinda International Holdings Limited (2015–2020)  Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget (2007–2015)  Fonterra (2005–2007) and Unilever (1990–2005). Mr. Michalski holds a M.Sc. (Economics). He is independent of the Company and significant shareholders.The biographical details of all candidates are presented on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).All of the candidates have given their consent to the election.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.15. Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors  that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  would be re-elected as Auditor for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2025. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  would be acting as the key audit partner.The recommendation of the Audit Committee is included in the proposal of the Board of Directors available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).16. Resolution on the remuneration of the Sustainability Reporting AssurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Sustainability Reporting Assurer’s remuneration would be paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.17. Election of the Sustainability Reporting AssurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  an authorized sustainability audit firm  would be elected as Sustainability Reporting Assurer of the Company for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2025. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that Mr. Henrik Holmbom  Authorized Sustainability Auditor  would be acting as the key sustainability partner.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares  subject to the number of shares held by the Company at any given moment not exceeding 10 percent of all the shares of the Company. Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorization only by using non-restricted equity.Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves on how shares are repurchased. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2026.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting would authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Companies Act as follows: the aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares and may deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription rights (directed issue). The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until June 30  2026.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice and the Company’s Remuneration Report are available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). The Annual Report  which includes the Company’s Annual Accounts  the Consolidated Annual Accounts  the Directors’ Report (including the Sustainability Statement)  the Auditor’s Report and the Assurance Report on the Sustainability Statement  is also available on the above-mentioned website. The proposals for the resolutions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Annual General Meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as from May 8  2025  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 10  2025  in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account are registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration period for the Annual General Meeting commences on March 25  2025. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the Annual General Meeting by giving a prior notice of participation which must be received no later than on April 16  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST).Such notice can be given:a. on the Company’s website at www.huhtamaki.comElectronic registration requires a strong electronic identification of the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative or legal representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.b. by email to agm@innovatics.fic. by phone to +358 10 281 8909 from Monday to Friday 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET/EEST)In connection with the registration  requested information must be provided  such as the name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address of the shareholder  and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative or legal representative as well as the date of birth  and telephone number and/or email address of the proxy representative or legal representative. The personal data is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.Shareholders or their authorized representatives or proxy representatives shall  if required  be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 10  2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd by April 17  2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request without delay the necessary instructions from their custodian regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy authorization documents and voting instructions  as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.For the sake of clarity  it is noted that holders of nominee-registered shares cannot register for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  but they must be registered by their custodians instead.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives registering electronically for the Annual General Meeting must identify themselves personally through strong electronic authentication  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent.Proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Proxy document template is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com).If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily in connection with the electronic registration as attachments or alternatively by email to agm@innovatics.fi or as originals by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Huhtamäki Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received. In addition to delivering proxy documents  shareholders or their proxy representatives must also register for the Annual General Meeting as instructed in this notice.Shareholders may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the Annual General Meeting on the Company’s website  the authorized representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish. Simultaneous translation will be available at the meeting venue into English and  when relevant  Finnish.No free parking has been arranged at the meeting venue.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Markets Act is available on the Company’s website (www.huhtamaki.com). Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.At the time of the publication of this notice  on March 25  2025  the total number of shares and votes in Huhtamäki Oyj is 107 760 385  which includes 2 792 075 own shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. Such own shares do not carry voting rights.Changes in shareholding occurring after the record date of the Annual General Meeting  April 10  2025  will not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the number of votes of such shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.In Espoo  March 25  2025For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7167HUHTAMÄKI OYJBoard of DirectorsAbout HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do.Huhtamaki has over 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage. Our around 18 000 professionals are operating in 36 countries and 101 locations around the world. Our values are Care Dare Deliver. In 2024 Huhtamaki’s net sales totaled EUR 4.1 billion. Huhtamäki Oyj is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and the head office is in Espoo  Finland. Find out more at www.huhtamaki.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Scandic Marina Congress Center', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'Human Resources Committee', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'Annual General Meeting', 'new payment date', 'new record date', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual remuneration', 'Committee meeting', 'aggregate dividend', 'Audit Committee', 'Investment Committee', 'The Board', 'voting tickets', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'year 2024 Review', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'significant changes', 'financial position', 'financial year', 'liquidity position', 'Governing Bodies', 'advisory approval', 'Traveling expenses', 'Board Committees', 'The Company', 'other members', 'A. MATTERS', 'Board members', 'Company policy', 'shareholders’ register', 'Directors’ Report', '11:00 a', '10:00 a', '9:00 EET', 'Notice', 'Thursday', 'April', 'EEST', 'Katajanokanlaituri', '00160 Helsinki', 'Reception', 'distribution', 'webcast', 'Instructions', 'website', 'huhtamaki', 'questions', 'proposals', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'December', 'May', 'regulations', 'place', 'ability', 'obligations', 'discharge', 'compensation', 'Chair', 'addition', 'accordance']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49612,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3049081/0/en/Decisions-Adopted-by-eQ-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Decisions Adopted by eQ Plc's Annual General Meeting,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release25 March 2025  at 7.30 p.m.  eQ Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held on Tuesday 25 March 2025 as a hybrid meeting in...,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release25 March 2025  at 7.30 p.m.eQ Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held on Tuesday 25 March 2025 as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act (“AGM”)  decided upon the following:Confirmation of the financial statementseQ Plc’s AGM confirmed the financial statement of the company  which included the group financial statements  the report by the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2024.Decision in respect of the result shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe AGM confirmed the proposal by the Board of Directors that a dividend of 0.66 euros per share be paid out. The dividend will be paid out in two separate installments. The first installment  EUR 0.33 per share shall be paid to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend payment on 27 March 2025. The first installment of the dividend shall be paid on 3 April 2025. The second installment  EUR 0.33 per share shall be paid in October 2025 to those shareholders who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the divided payment. The Board shall decide the record date and the payment date of the second installment of the divided in its meeting in September 2025. It is contemplated that the record date of the second installment will be 7 October 2025 and that the payment date will be 14 October 2025.Discharge from liability to the Board of Directors and the CEOsThe AGM decided to grant discharge from liability to the Board of Directors and the CEOs for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 2024.Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies and Remuneration Policy for Governing BodiesThe Annual General Meeting decided to adopt the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies and the Remuneration Policy for Governing Bodies.The remuneration of the members of the Board  the number of Board members and appointment of Board membersThe AGM decided that the members of the Board would receive remuneration as follows: the Chair of the Board will receive 5 000 euros  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors will receive 4 000 euros and the Board members will receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting will be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and lodging costs will be compensated in accordance with the company’s expense policy.According to the decision of the AGM  the Board consists of six members. Päivi Arminen  Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig were re-elected as members to the Board of Directors and Caroline Bertlin was elected as a new member to the Board. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. The Board appointed Georg Ehrnrooth as Chair of the Board in its meeting held immediately after the AGM.Auditor and sustainability auditor and their remunerationThe AGM decided to elect Authorized Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab as auditor and as sustainability auditor of the company. The auditor and sustainability auditor with main responsibility  named by KPMG Oy Ab is Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA  Authorized Sustainability Auditor. It was decided to compensate the auditor and the sustainability auditor according to their invoices approved by eQ Plc.Establishment of a Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe AGM decided to establish a Shareholders’ Nomination Board whose task is to prepare proposals concerning the number of members of the Board of Directors and the Board’s composition and remuneration to the General Meeting. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board comprises of four members and four largest shareholders of the Company may each appoint a member.The AGM decided to adopt the Charter for the Shareholders’ Nomination Board.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.45 per cent of all shares in the Company at the date of the notice of the AGM.The authorisation is to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. 50 per cent of the shares or special rights entitling to shares issued on the basis of the authorisation may be used to implement incentive schemes or otherwise for remuneration. Based on the authorisation  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation cancels all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.Helsinki  25 March 2025eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 13.4 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'eQ Plc', 'Decisions', 'eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'two separate installments', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Päivi Arminen', 'Tomas von Rettig', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'other business transactions', 'four largest shareholders', 'group financial statements', 'Authorized Sustainability Auditor', 'other purposes', 'other matters', 'hybrid meeting', 'financial year', 'financial position', 'four members', 'balance sheet', 'first installment', 'shareholder register', 'second installment', 'Governing Bodies', 'lodging costs', 'expense policy', 'Nicolas Berner', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Janne Larma', 'Caroline Bertlin', 'main responsibility', 'Tuomas Ilveskoski', 'special rights', 'maximum total', '8.45 per cent', 'potential acquisitions', 'incentive schemes', '50 per cent', 'The AGM', 'The Board', 'record date', 'Board meeting', 'six members', 'new member', 'payment date', 'Remuneration Policy', 'share issue', 'Tuesday 25 March', 'Vice Chair', 'Board members', '3,500,000 new shares', 'Chapter 10 Section', 'Remuneration Report', 'dividend payment', '27 March', 'accordance', 'subsection', 'Confirmation', 'company', 'Directors', 'Decision', 'respect', 'result', 'proposal', '0.66 euros', '3 April', 'October', 'September', 'Discharge', 'CEOs', 'January', '31 December', 'number', 'appointment', '5,000 euros', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'month', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'APA', 'invoices', 'Establishment', 'task', 'composition', 'Charter', 'issuance', 'amount', 'authorisation', 'notice', 'order', 'basis', '7.30']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49613,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048580/0/en/Resolutions-by-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Municipality-Finance-Plc-held-on-25-March-2025.html,Resolutions by the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance Plc held on 25 March 2025,Municipality Finance PlcStock exchange release 25 March 2025 at 1:00 pm (EET)  Resolutions by the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance Plc...,Municipality Finance PlcStock exchange release25 March 2025 at 1:00 pm (EET)Resolutions by the Annual General Meeting of Municipality Finance Plc held on 25 March 2025The Annual General Meeting (hereinafter the AGM) of Municipality Finance Plc (MuniFin) held on 25 March 2025 adopted the company’s financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors (the Board)  the CEO  and the Deputy to the CEO from liability for the financial year 2024.Use of Profit Shown on the Balance Sheet and the Distribution of DividendThe Annual General Meeting decided that a dividend of EUR 1.86 per share  totaling 72 658 664.28 EUR shall be paid out. Dividends will be paid on 3 April 2025 or as soon as possible thereafter to each shareholder who is registered in the company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of dividend payment on 27 March 2025.Remuneration and Composition of the BoardThe AGM decided on the remuneration for the members of the Board for the term from the closing of the 2025 AGM to the closing of the next AGM (the Term 2025–2026) as follows:annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Board EUR 51 000;annual fixed remuneration of the Vice Chair of the Board EUR 33 000;annual fixed remuneration of the Chair of the Risk or Audit Committee EUR 36 000;annual fixed remuneration of a Board member EUR 28 000 andfor each Board and committee meeting as well as for each meeting required by the authorities  for the members and Vice Chair of the Board  a fee of EUR 600 per meeting attended and for the chairs  EUR 950 per meeting attended.The annual remuneration of the Chair of the Board was increased by EUR 6 000  the annual remuneration of the Vice Chair of the Board was increased by EUR 4 000  the annual remuneration of the Chairs of the Risk and Audit Committees was increased by EUR 5 000 and the annual remuneration of a Board member was increased by EUR 3 000. No amendments were made to the meeting fees.The AGM decided to elect nine members to the Board for the Term 2025–2026 and to re-elect the following current members: Ms. Maaria Eriksson  Mr. Kari Laukkanen  Mr. Tuomo Mäkinen  Ms. Elina Stråhlman  Ms. Leena Vainiomäki and Mr. Arto Vuojolainen. In addition  the AGM decided to elect Ms. Liisa Harju  Mr. Juho Malmberg and Mr. Henrik Rainio as new board members.The CEO’s ReviewEsa Kallio  the President and CEO of MuniFin  discussed the company's development in 2024. There are currently many uncertainties in the world  and therefore it is important that MuniFin can provide stability and ensure the security of supply for the Finnish society through its operations. The year 2024 was a record year for MuniFin’s sustainable finance: the company issued a record number of sustainable bonds  and the demand for green finance grew significantly.Election and Remuneration of the AuditorPricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was elected as the company’s auditor with Jukka Paunonen  Authorized Public Accountant  as the principal auditor. The auditor’s fees will be paid against the invoices approved by the company.Election and Remuneration of the Sustainability Reporting AssurerPricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was selected as the sustainability reporting assurer  with Tiina Puukkoniemi as the responsible sustainability reporting auditor. The assurer’s fees will be paid against the invoices approved by the company.Constitutive Meeting of the BoardAt its constitutive meeting  the Board appointed Kari Laukkanen as the Chair and Maaria Eriksson as the Vice Chair of the Board. The following persons were appointed to the Remuneration Committee: Kari Laukkanen as the Chair  and Leena Vainiomäki  Maaria Eriksson and Tuomo Mäkinen as members. The following persons were appointed to the Audit Committee: Elina Stråhlman as the Chair  and Liisa Harjula  Kari Laukkanen and Henrik Rainio as members. The following persons were appointed to the Risk Committee: Leena Vainiomäki as the Chair  and Maaria Eriksson  Juho Malmberg and Arto Vuojolainen as members.Additional information on the company’s operations in 2024 is available in the company’s Annual Report  which is available for downloading in PDF format at the company website www.munifin.fi.MUNICIPALITY FINANCE PLCEsa KallioPresident and CEOtel. +358 50 337 7953MuniFin (Municipality Finance Plc) is one of Finland’s largest credit institutions. The owners of the company include Finnish municipalities  the public sector pension fund Keva and the State of Finland. The Group’s balance sheet is over EUR 53 billion.MuniFin’s customers include municipalities  joint municipal authorities  wellbeing services counties  joint county authorities  corporate entities under the control of the above-mentioned organisations  and affordable social housing. Lending is used for environmentally and socially responsible investment targets such as public transportation  sustainable buildings  hospitals and healthcare centres  schools and day care centres  and homes for people with special needs.MuniFin’s customers are domestic  but the company operates in a completely global business environment. The company is an active Finnish bond issuer in international capital markets and the first Finnish green and social bond issuer. The funding is exclusively guaranteed by the Municipal Guarantee Board.Read more: www.munifin.fi,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.74,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Municipality Finance Plc', 'Resolutions', '25 March', 'public sector pension fund', 'Ms. Elina Stråhlman', 'Mr. Tuomo Mäkinen', 'Ms. Leena Vainiomäki', 'responsible sustainability reporting auditor', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'responsible investment targets', 'Stock exchange release', 'Ms. Liisa Harju', 'Authorized Public Accountant', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurer', 'largest credit institutions', 'wellbeing services counties', 'affordable social housing', 'Municipality Finance Plc', 'day care centres', 'joint municipal authorities', 'joint county authorities', 'Mr. Arto Vuojolainen', 'Mr. Juho Malmberg', 'Mr. Henrik Rainio', 'Ms. Maaria Eriksson', 'annual fixed remuneration', 'Mr. Kari Laukkanen', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'following current members', 'new board members', 'public transportation', 'The Group', 'annual remuneration', 'Annual Report', 'sustainable finance', 'green finance', 'Liisa Harjula', 'healthcare centres', 'following persons', 'committee meeting', 'Constitutive Meeting', 'The AGM', 'financial statements', 'Balance Sheet', 'record date', 'Audit Committee', 'The CEO', 'Esa Kallio', 'many uncertainties', 'Finnish society', 'record number', 'sustainable bonds', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'Jukka Paunonen', 'Tiina Puukkoniemi', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Additional information', 'PDF format', 'corporate entities', 'sustainable buildings', 'special needs', 'principal auditor', 'financial year', 'record year', 'nine members', 'meeting fees', 'shareholder register', 'Finnish municipalities', 'Vice Chair', 'dividend payment', 'next AGM', 'Risk Committee', 'munifin.fi', 'company website', '2025 AGM', '25 March', 'Resolutions', 'Directors', 'Deputy', 'liability', 'Profit', 'Distribution', 'Dividends', '3 April', '27 March', 'Composition', 'term', 'closing', 'chairs', 'amendments', 'Review', 'President', 'development', 'world', 'stability', 'security', 'supply', 'operations', 'demand', 'Election', 'invoices', 'tel', 'owners', 'Keva', 'customers', 'control', 'organisations', 'Lending', 'environmentally', 'socially', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'homes', 'people', '1:00']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49614,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/decisions-taken-by-valmet-oyjs-annual-general-meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-the-board-of-directors-302412111.html,Decisions taken by Valmet Oyj's Annual General Meeting and the organizing meeting of the Board of Directors,General Meeting of Valmet Oyj ('Valmet' or the 'Company') was held in Helsinki today on March 26  2025. The Annual General,Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on March 26  2025 at 4:15 p.m. EETESPOO  Finland  March 26  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Valmet Oyj ('Valmet' or the 'Company') was held in Helsinki today on March 26  2025. The Annual General Meeting adopted the Financial Statements for 2024 and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year 2024. The Annual General Meeting adopted the remuneration report for governing bodies  for which the decision is advisory. The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own shares and on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares.Dividend paymentThe Annual General Meeting decided to pay a dividend of EUR 1.35 per share for the financial year which ended on December 31  2024.The dividend will be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.68 per share will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date March 28  2025  are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on April 8  2025.The second instalment of EUR 0.67 per share will be paid in October 2025. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend record date and payment date will be resolved by the Board of Directors in its meeting preliminarily scheduled for September 25  2025. The dividend record date for the second instalment would then be September 29  2025  and the dividend payment date October 7  2025.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of Board members as eight and appointed Pekka Vauramo as new Chair of Valmet Oyj's Board and Annika Paasikivi as new Vice Chair. Anu Hämäläinen  Pekka Kemppainen  Annareetta Lumme-Timonen and Monika Maurer were re-elected as Board members  and Bernd Eikens and Jonas Gustavsson were elected as new Board members. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors expires at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2026.Remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting decided that the annual remuneration payable to the members of the Board will be as follows: to the Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 155 000; to the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors EUR 85 500; and to the other members of the Board of Directors EUR 68 000 each.Furthermore  the Annual General Meeting decided that a base fee of EUR 7 300 will be paid for a member of the Audit Committee  EUR 16 700 for the Chair of the Audit Committee  EUR 4 200 for a member of the Remuneration and HR Committee  and EUR 8 500 for the Chair of the Remuneration and HR Committee.In addition  a meeting fee in the amount of EUR 750 will be paid for members whose place of residence is in Nordic countries  EUR 1 500 for members whose place of residence is elsewhere in Europe and EUR 3 000 for members whose place of residence is outside of Europe for the Board meetings attended  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors. For meetings in which a Board member participates via remote connection  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors  a meeting fee of EUR 750 shall be paid to Board members. Furthermore  a meeting fee of EUR 1 500 shall be paid to Board members for a Board travel meeting.The Annual General Meeting resolved that  as a condition for the annual remuneration  the members of the Board of Directors are obliged  directly based on the Annual General Meeting's resolution  to use 40 percent of the fixed annual remuneration for purchasing Valmet shares at a price formed on a regulated market on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd stock exchange  and that the purchase will be carried out within two weeks from the publication of the Interim Review for the period January 1 to March 31  2025.AuditorThe Annual General Meeting elected Authorised Public Accountants PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as the Auditor of the Company for a term expiring at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026. Pasi Karppinen  Authorised Public Accountant (KHT) will act as the responsible auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was also elected as the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider of the Company  and Pasi Karppinen (Authorized Sustainability Auditor) will act as the responsible sustainability auditor.The remuneration to the Auditor and Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider will be paid in accordance with their invoice and the principles approved by the Audit Committee.Authorization to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Annual General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of a maximum number of 9 200 000 of the Company's own shares in one or several tranches  corresponding to approximately 5.0 percent of all the shares in the Company. Based on the authorization  the Company's own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The Company's own shares may be repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company at a price formed on a regulated market on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of the repurchase or at a price otherwise formed on the market.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the previous Annual General Meeting related to the repurchase of the Company's own shares.Authorisation to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares in one or several tranches. The issuance of shares may be carried out by offering new shares or by transferring treasury shares held by Valmet. Based on this authorization  the Board of Directors may also decide on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights and on the granting of special rights subject to the conditions mentioned in the Finnish Companies Act. Based on this authorization  a maximum number of 18 500 000 shares may be issued  corresponding to approximately 10.0 percent of all the shares in Valmet.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the previous Annual General Meeting to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares.The minutes of the Annual General MeetingAdvance voting was held on matters 7-19 on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting. The detailed results of the advance voting are recorded in the minutes of the meeting. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company's website as of April 9  2025  at the latest.Decisions of the organizing meeting of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors of Valmet Oyj held its organizing meeting after the Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors noted that all Board members are independent of the Company. With the exception of Annareetta Lumme-Timonen and Annika Paasikivi  the board members are independent of the Company's significant shareholders. Valmet's definition of Board members' independence complies with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code.In its organizing meeting  the Board of Directors elected the members of the Audit Committee and the Remuneration and HR Committee from amongst its members.The members of the Audit Committee are Anu Hämäläinen (Chair)  Bernd Eikens  Pekka Kemppainen and Annareetta Lumme-Timonen.The members of the Remuneration and HR Committee are Annika Paasikivi (Chair)  Jonas Gustavsson  Monika Maurer and Pekka Vauramo.Personnel representationThe Board of Directors decided to invite Juha Pöllänen to participate in the Board of Directors meetings as the personnel representative elected by Valmet's personnel groups in Finland. The personnel representative will participate in the meetings of Valmet's Board of Directors as an invited expert  and his term of office is the same as the Board members' term.Further information  please contact:Rasmus Oksala  General Counsel  Valmet  tel. +358 50 3173 830Pekka Rouhiainen  VP  Investor Relations  Valmet  tel. +358 10 672 0020VALMETKatri HokkanenCFOPekka RouhiainenVP  Investor RelationsDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.valmet.comValmet has a global customer base across various process industries. We are a leading global developer and supplier of process technologies  automation  and services for the pulp  paper  and energy industries. With our automation and flow control solutions  we serve an even wider base of process industries. Our more than 19 000 professionals around the world work close to our customers and are committed to moving our customers' performance forward – every day.The company has more than 225 years of industrial history and a strong track record in continuous improvement  sustainability  and renewal. Valmet's net sales in 2024 were approximately EUR 5.4 billion.Valmet's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki  and the head office is in Espoo  Finland.Follow us on valmet.com | X | X (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com.https://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/r/decisions-taken-by-valmet-oyj-s-annual-general-meeting-and-the-organizing-meeting-of-the-board-of-di c4124735,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'organizing meeting', 'Valmet Oyj', 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Anu Hämäläinen', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd stock exchange', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'stock exchange release', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'Authorized Sustainability Auditor', 'dividend record date', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'responsible sustainability auditor', 'Board travel meeting', 'dividend payment date', 'new Vice Chair', 'new Board members', 'meeting fee', 'annual remuneration', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'new Chair', 'responsible auditor', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'governing bodies', 'special rights', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'Pekka Vauramo', 'Annika Paasikivi', 'Pekka Kemppainen', 'Annareetta Lumme-Timonen', 'Monika Maurer', 'Bernd Eikens', 'Jonas Gustavsson', 'base fee', 'Audit Committee', 'HR Committee', 'Nordic countries', 'remote connection', 'official list', 'two weeks', 'Interim Review', 'Pasi Karppinen', 'several tranches', 'Valmet Oyj', 'other members', 'remuneration report', ""shareholders' register"", 'maximum number', 'Valmet shares', 'Board meetings', 'March', 'ESPOO', 'Company', 'Directors', 'President', 'CEO', 'liability', 'decision', 'repurchase', 'issuance', 'December', 'April', 'October', 'September', 'Composition', 'term', 'office', 'close', 'addition', 'amount', 'place', 'residence', 'Europe', 'committees', 'condition', 'resolution', '40 percent', 'market', 'publication', 'period', 'January', 'KHT', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'principles', 'Authorization', '5.0 percent', '4:15']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,prnewswire.co.uk
49615,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64929849-sampo-plc-notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-399.htm,Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  26 March 2024 at 10:25 am EET Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of the Annual General Meeting,"Sampo plc  stock exchange release  26 March 2024 at 10:25 am EETSampo plc: Notice of the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  23 April 2025 at 2.00 pm (EEST) at the Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre's Congress Wing  address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and serving of coffee prior to the meeting will start at 12.30 pm (EEST).Shareholders have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting. In addition  shareholders may follow the meeting through a live webcast. The webcast begins on 23 April 2025 at 2.00 pm (EEST). Following the meeting through the webcast is not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or the exercising of shareholder rights. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise or vote through the webcast. Shareholders who wish to follow the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. To receive the link for the webcast  shareholders are required to register through the registration system. The instructions regarding the advance voting and registering for the webcast are presented in Section C.6-7 herein.A. Items on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingThe information and proposals of agenda items 1 to 5 concerning the formal organisational matters of the Annual General Meeting are included in a separate organisational document published on Sampo's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)  which document also constitutes a part of this notice. The document may be supplemented at the meeting with any information that is not available before the Annual General Meeting.At the Annual General Meeting  the following items will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report for the financial year 2024Review by the Group CEOAuditor's Report and Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report presented by the Auditor and Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 25 April 2025. The dividend will be paid to the shareholders registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 25 April 2025. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 6 May 2025.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 25 April 2025  which payment shall be made in Swedish Krona. The dividend payment for shares registered in the form of share entitlements book-entered in VP Securities A/S in Denmark as at the record date of 25 April 2025 will be administered by VP Securities A/S subsequent to receipt of the dividend from Euroclear Finland.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 202410. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2024 be adopted by the Annual General Meeting through an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the following annual fees be paid to the members of the Board of Directors until the close of the next Annual General Meeting:EUR 243 000 for the Chair of the Board (prev. EUR 235 000);EUR 140 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board (prev. EUR 135 000);EUR 108 000 for each member of the Board (prev. EUR 104 000);EUR 30 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee as an additional annual fee (prev. EUR 29 000); andEUR 6 800 for each member of the Audit Committee as an additional annual fee (prev. EUR 6 600).A Board member must acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading with 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. Notwithstanding this  a Board member is not required to purchase any additional Sampo plc A shares if the Board member owns such amount of said shares that their value is equivalent to twice the respective Board member's gross annual fee. The Company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the shares.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members is decreased by one and that eight members be elected to the Board.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto  Antti Mäkinen  Markus Rauramo  Astrid Stange and Annica Witschard be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. Of the current members  Georg Ehrnrooth and Jannica Fagerholm are not available for re-election. The Committee proposes that Sara Mella be elected as a new member to the Board.All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the Company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2025.The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).14. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the Company's Auditor and to the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider against invoices approved by the Company.15. Election of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Authorised Public Accountant Firm Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company's Auditor for the financial year 2025. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc's Auditor  the firm has announced that APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility.The Audit Committee also proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company's Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider for the financial year 2025. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc's Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider  the firm has announced that APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the principal authorised sustainability auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 250 000 000 Sampo plc A shares. The maximum number of shares represents approximately 9.29 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the Company as of number of shares on the date of the Board's proposal. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company's shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more than:(i) the highest price paid for the Company's shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company's own shares  or alternatively (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the Company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company's own shares.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the Company's shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company's own shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for decisions on the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available on Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm). The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report  the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2024 are available on Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/year2024 (https://www.sampo.com/year2024). The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the meeting will be available at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm) on 7 May 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General MeetingThe registration for the Annual General Meeting and the advance voting will commence on 26 March 2025 at 3:00 pm (EET) and end on 14 April 2025 at 4.00 pm (EEST). For holders of Swedish depositary receipts  the registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 26 March 2025 at 3.00 pm (EET) and end on 14 April 2025 at 9.00 am (EEST). For Danish shareholders  the registration for the Annual General Meeting and the advance voting will commence on 26 March 2025 at 2:00 pm (CET) and end on 11 April 2025 at 3:00 pm (CEST)  Instructions on the registration for the Annual General Meeting for shareholders wishing to participate in the meeting at the meeting venue are set out in Subsections 1  2 and 3 below. Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under Subsection 4. Information on proxy documents and Suomi.fi authorisations are set out in Subsection 5 below. The instructions for advance voting are set out in Subsection 6 below. Instructions regarding the registration for the live webcast are set out in Subsection 7 below.In connection with the registration and advance voting  at least the following information is requested: the shareholder's name  date of birth (except for shareholders with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in Denmark) or business ID  email address  telephone number and information on a possible authorised representative. Strong electronic identification is required for the registration on the Company's website of shareholders  their authorised representatives and proxy representatives who are private persons by using Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking IDs or mobile certificates. For shareholders that are Finnish legal persons  electronic registration requires providing the entity's business ID and that the relevant authorised person uses strong electronic identification for the registration. For shareholders that are legal persons with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in Denmark  registration requires providing the entity's business ID  name of the shareholder  name and birthdate of the authorised representative  and an email address  the entity's address and telephone number as contact information.The personal data provided by the shareholders to the Company is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.More information on registration for the meeting and advance voting is available until 14 April 2025 by phone from Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 12.00 noon and between 1.00 pm and 4.00 pm (EET/EEST).1. Shareholders registered with Euroclear Finland Oy in FinlandEach shareholder who is on 9 April 2025 registered in the shareholders' register of Sampo plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall notify the Company thereof according to the instructions set out below.Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 4.00 pm (EEST) on Monday 14 April 2025a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email to agm@innovatics.fi or regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Sampo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.c) By telephone to Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 12.00 noon and between 1.00 pm and 4.00 pm (EET/EEST). When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.Registration must be received by 4.00 pm (EEST) on Monday 14 April 2025 irrespective of the registration method.2. Shareholders registered with VP Securities A/S in DenmarkEach shareholder who is on 9 April 2025 registered in the shareholders' register of Sampo plc held by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities Copenhagen) has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Such shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall notify Euronext thereof according to the instructions set out below.Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 3.00 pm (CEST) on Friday 11 April 2025a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email to CPH-investor@euronext.com (mailto:CPH-investor@euronext.com)c) By telephone to Euronext at +45 4358 8866 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 4.00 pm (CET/CEST). When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.Registration must be received by 3.00 pm (CEST) on Friday 11 April 2025 irrespective of the registration method.If you represent a legal entity/person  you must present proof of identification and rights of representation. Such identification may consist of a document that proves your authorisation to sign on behalf of the entity or a document that process you are part of the management of the entity.Shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Denmark and who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting are advised to request their trustee for the necessary instructions regarding the registration and advance voting. The trustee shall register the shareholder according to the instructions above to Euronext Securities Copenhagen no later than 11 April 2025 at 3.00 pm (CEST).3. Holders of Swedish depository receiptsHolders of Swedish depository receipts (SDRs) have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares represented by the SDRs based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 9 April 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the holder of SDRs has been registered  on the basis of such shares represented by the SDRs  into the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am (EEST) on 16 April 2025  and the request regarding such registration must be delivered to the issuer of the SDRs and all necessary actions taken at the latest by 9.00 am (EEST) on 14 April 2025. As regards holders of SDRs  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of SDRs is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions from their custodian bank which the holder of the SDRs has appointed to hold the SDRs on their account. Said custodian bank shall take necessary actions to the effect that a holder of SDRs who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is registered into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by 10.00 am (EEST) on 16 April 2025 and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holders of SDRs before the end of the registration period.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).4. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 9 April 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am (EEST) on 16 April 2025. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration and advance voting for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the date stated above and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).5. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance in accordance with the instructions provided herein. The proxy representative shall authenticate in the electronic registration service and advance voting (if applicable) personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder whom they represent.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Providing the right to represent can be done by using the suomi.fi e-authorizations service available in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment as part of the electronic registration  or alternatively  through email to agm@innovatics.fi (mailto:agm@innovatics.fi) or as originals to the address Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Sampo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.Delivering of a proxy prior to the end of the registration period is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information for registration described above is given.Shareholders may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of a traditional authorisation. In such case  the shareholder authorises a representative in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations) by using the category ""Representation at a general meeting"". The representative shall in connection with the registration to Innovatics' general meeting service identify oneself through strong electronic identification. After that  the electronic authorisation will be proofed automatically. Online banking credentials or a mobile certificate may be used for strong electronic identification. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations) and Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).6. Advance votingShareholders may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting.a. Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Finland Oy in FinlandEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as described in Subsection 1 above may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 26 March 2025 at 3.00 pm (EET) and 14 April 2025 at 4.00 pm (EEST):a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email by submitting the advance voting form available on the Company's website or equivalent information to agm@innovatics.fi (mailto:agm@innovatics.fi) or regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Sampo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.b. Shareholders with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in DenmarkEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of Sampo plc held by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities Copenhagen) as described in Subsection 2 above may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 26 March 2025 at 2.00 pm (EET) and 11 April 2025 at 3.00 pm (CEST):a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email to CPH-investor@euronext.com (mailto:CPH-investor@euronext.com)Shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Denmark and who wish to vote in advance are advised to instruct the trustee to vote in advance on behalf of such shareholders by 3.00 pm (CEST) on 11 April 2025 at the latest according to the instructions set out in this notice.The advance votes must be received by the end of the advance voting period. The submission of votes by email or by regular mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be regarded as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for the registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal if they are present or represented at the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to be presented unchanged at the Annual General Meeting. Therefore  under agenda item 13  if any of the members proposed to be elected to the Board of Directors are unavailable for election to the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting for any reason  the number of the proposed members unavailable for election will be automatically decreased from the number of the members of the Board of Directors to be elected  and the remaining candidates available for election will be elected in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.Instructions regarding the advance voting  and the terms related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).7. WebcastA shareholder who is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting may also follow the meeting via live webcast. Following the meeting through the webcast is not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or the exercising of shareholder rights. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise or vote through the webcast. Webcast access to the Annual General Meeting will be provided through Inderes Oyj's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Following the webcast does not require any paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  following the webcast requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound. One of the following browsers is recommended: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  or Opera. It is advisable to log in to the meeting system well in advance of the meeting.The link and password for following the meeting via the webcast will be sent by e-mail and/or SMS to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration to all those who have registered for the General Meeting no later than the day before the General Meeting.For more information on the general meeting service  additional instructions for proxies representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions can be found here: https://vagm.fi/support (https://vagm.fi/support). A link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the network connection can be found here: https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en (https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en). It is recommended that you read the detailed instructions before the meeting. More information and instructions can also be found on the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).8. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the items to be considered at the meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this Notice of the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in Sampo plc is 2 690 238 860 A shares  representing 2 690 238 860 votes  and 1 000 000 B shares  representing 5 000 000 votes  i.e. a total of 2 691 238 860 shares and 2 695 238 860 votes. At the Annual General Meeting  each A share carries one vote and each B share carries five votes.All of Sampo plc's B shares are owned by a shareholder independent from the Company. Based on Sampo plc's articles of association  each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share. Subject to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  the general meeting may resolve upon a directed acquisition of own shares  decide on the amendment of the articles of association to the effect that share classes are combined or otherwise reduce share class rights only provided such a proposal is supported by at least two thirds of the votes and shares  per share class  represented at the meeting. Thus  the authority to decide on the combination of Sampo plc's share classes does not rest with the Company.Helsinki  26 March 2025SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.com (https://www.sampo.com/)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Notice', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc A shares', 'stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'VP Securities A/S', 'additional annual fee', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'formal organisational matters', 'separate organisational document', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'depository receipt holders', 'EET Sampo plc', 'The Remuneration Report', 'dividend record date', 'securities depository', 'A. Items', 'annual fees', 'Swedish Krona', 'Convention Centre', 'Congress Wing', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'voting rights', 'shareholder rights', 'registration system', 'following items', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'settlement register', 'Governing Bodies', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'public trading', '50 per cent', 'potential statutory', 'total dividend', 'Helsinki Exhibition', 'Group CEO', 'share entitlements', 'advance voting', 'agenda items', 'Vice Chair', 'advisory resolution', 'The Board', 'live webcast', ""shareholders' register"", 'dividend payment', 'Board member', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', '23 April', 'EEST', 'reception', 'persons', 'serving', 'coffee', 'opportunity', 'participation', 'exercising', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'link', 'instructions', 'Section', 'information', 'website', 'agm', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'use', 'profit', '25 April', 'Company', 'dividends', '6 May', 'issuer', 'Denmark', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'Nomination', 'close', 'price', 'deduction', 'taxes', 'payments', '10:25', '2.00', '12.30', '10.']",2025-03-06,2025-03-26,finanznachrichten.de
49616,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/roemer-capital-invites-certain-holders-084000206.html,Roemer Capital Invites Certain Holders to Tender Ozon Holdings Plc ADR (ISIN: US69269L1044  Bloomberg: OZON US),NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION DISTRIBUTION OR USE  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR OTHERWISE BY  IN  INTO FROM OR TO ANY JURISDICTION OR PERSON WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF ANY LAW OR REGULATION Announcement,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION DISTRIBUTION OR USE  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR OTHERWISE BY  IN  INTO FROM OR TO ANY JURISDICTION OR PERSON WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF ANY LAW OR REGULATIONAnnouncement of Invitation to Voluntary Tenderto the holders of American depositary shares of USD 0.01 each representing the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in Ozon Holdings PLC  ISIN: US69269L1044 held through Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Shares"")THIS INVITATION WILL EXPIRE AT 16:00 UTC ON 28 APRIL 2025 (""EXPIRATION TIME"").LIMASSOL  CY / ACCESS Newswire / March 26  2025 / Roemer Capital (Europe) Limited (the "" Purchaser "") is inviting certain holders of Shares to tender for the sale of up to 2 500 000 units of Shares for cash at a purchase price of USD 29 per 1 Share (the "" Purchase Price "")  subject to the terms and conditions set out the Invitation to Voluntary Tender Memorandum (the "" Memorandum "") and template tender instructions (the "" Tender Instruction "") each available on the designated website https://roemercapital.com/news/ozon4/ (collectively  the "" Tender Documents "").The Purchaseris a private company limited by shares  incorporated and registered in the Republic of Cyprus with company number HE 333287  whose registered office is at Georgiou Karaiskaki  17  LIMASSOL BUSINESS CENTRE  Floor 4  Office 4  3032 Limassol  Cyprus. The Purchaser is authorised and regulated by the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission of P.O. BOX 24996  1306 Nicosia  Cyprus  CIF Licence Number 305/16. The Purchaser is not affiliated with Ozon Holdings PLC or its management.THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE TENDER DOCUMENTS IS ADDRESSED EXCLUSIVELY TO ELIGIBLE SELLERS (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3 OF THE MEMORANDUM)AND THEIR AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS.FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT  SHARES THAT ARE NOT HELD THROUGH EUROCLEAR BANK SA/NV (INCLUDING  WITHOUT LIMITATION  ANY SHARES HELD THROUGH DEPOSITARY TRUST COMPANY AND/OR CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.) ARE NOT DEEMED ELIGIBLE SHARES FOR THE PURPOSE OF THE TENDER DOCUMENTS.THE PURCHASER EXPRESSLY RESERVES ITS RIGHTS  IN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION  TO REJECT ANY TENDER INSTRUCTIONS  NOT TO ACCEPT ANY TENDERED SHARES  NOT TO PURCHASE ANY ELIGIBLE SHARES OR TO EXTEND  RE-OPEN  WITHDRAW OR TERMINATE THE TENDER DOCUMENTS AND TO AMEND OR WAIVE ANY OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TENDER DOCUMENTS IN ANY MANNER. THE PURCHASER WILL NOT IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR ANY COSTS  EXPENDITURE  WORK OR EFFORT INCURRED BY ANY TENDERER IN CARRYING OUT ENQUIRIES IN RELATION TO  PROCEEDING WITH  OR PARTICIPATING IN  ANY TRANSACTION UNDER THE TENDER DOCUMENTS  INCLUDING IF THE TENDER DOCUMENTS ARE WITHDRAWN  TERMINATED OR AMENDED BY THE PURCHASER.THE PURCHASER MAKES NO RECOMMENDATION AS TO WHETHER AN ELIGIBLE SELLER SHOULD OR SHOULD NOT TENDER ELIGIBLE SHARES PURSUANT TO THE TENDER DOCUMENTS. ALL ELIGIBLE SELLERS SHOULD SEEK THEIR OWN FINANCIAL AND LEGAL ADVICE.THE PURCHASER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IF THE SETTLEMENT OF ANY TRANSACTION ENTERED INTO IN ACCORDANCE TO THE TENDER DOCUMENTS COULD NOT BE COMPLETED FOR ANY REASON.TENDER DOCUMENTSMemorandum: Link",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.03,0.15,0.82,True,English,"['Tender Ozon Holdings Plc ADR', 'OZON US', 'Roemer Capital', 'Certain Holders', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'OR CLEARSTREAM BANKING S.A.', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'up to 2,500,000 units', 'P.O. BOX', 'CIF Licence Number', 'Ozon Holdings PLC', 'DEPOSITARY TRUST COMPANY', 'American depositary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'LIMASSOL BUSINESS CENTRE', 'template tender instructions', 'Voluntary Tender Memorandum', 'company number', 'private company', 'Tender Documents', 'PUBLICATION DISTRIBUTION', 'UNITED STATES', 'EXPIRATION TIME', 'ACCESS Newswire', 'Roemer Capital', 'purchase price', 'Georgiou Karaiskaki', 'Exchange Commission', 'ELIGIBLE SELLERS', 'AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES', 'ABSOLUTE DISCRETION', 'OWN FINANCIAL', 'LEGAL ADVICE', 'DOCUMENTS Memorandum', 'ELIGIBLE SHARES', 'TENDERED SHARES', 'registered office', 'Cyprus Securities', 'The Purchaseris', '3032 Limassol', 'RELEASE', 'USE', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'OTHERWISE', 'JURISDICTION', 'PERSON', 'VIOLATION', 'LAW', 'REGULATION', 'Announcement', 'Invitation', 'holders', 'USD', 'ISIN', '16:00 UTC', '28 APRIL', 'March', 'Europe', 'Limited', 'sale', 'cash', '1 Share', 'terms', 'conditions', 'website', 'roemercapital', 'Republic', 'Floor', 'Nicosia', 'management', 'INFORMATION', 'SECTION', 'AGENTS', 'AVOIDANCE', 'DOUBT', 'LIMITATION', 'PURPOSE', 'RIGHTS', 'SOLE', 'WAIVE', 'MANNER', 'CIRCUMSTANCES', 'COSTS', 'EXPENDITURE', 'WORK', 'EFFORT', 'TENDERER', 'ENQUIRIES', 'RELATION', 'TRANSACTION', 'RECOMMENDATION', 'ALL', 'SETTLEMENT', 'ACCORDANCE', 'REASON', 'Link']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,finance.yahoo.com
49617,Euroclear,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/tokenized-treasuries-hit-5b-milestone-221635915.html,Tokenized Treasuries Hit $5B Milestone as Fidelity Touts RWA Potential for Collateral,Using tokenized assets to satisfy margin requirements could help asset managers improve capital efficiency  said Cynthia Lo Bessette.,"The market value of tokenized U.S. Treasuries this week surpassed the $5 billion for the first time  rwa.xyz data shows  as demand for blockchain-based real-world assets (RWAs) accelerates.The asset class grew by $1 billion through just two weeks  led by inflows into asset management giant BlackRock's and digital asset firm Securitize's market leading BUIDL.Crypto tokens backed by U.S. Treasuries are at the forefront of the tokenization trend  which have captivated a host of global financial behemoths and digital asset firms. Fidelity Investments is the latest large U.S. asset manager seeking to create a tokenized money market fund  filing for regulatory approval last week to launch its Fidelity Treasury Digital Liquidity on the Ethereum blockchain.""We see promise in tokenization and its ability to be transformative to the financial services industry by driving transactional efficiencies with access and allocation of capital across markets "" Cynthia Lo Bessette  head of Fidelity Digital Asset Management  told CoinDesk in a statement.Tokenized Treasuries allow investors to park idle cash on blockchains to earn a yield — like with a money market fund. Increasingly  they are also used as a reserve asset for decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols. Another use case with significant potential is using these tokens as collateral in trading and asset management.""In looking at use-cases  posting a tokenized asset as non-cash collateral to satisfy margin requirements could improve operational infrastructures and enhance capital efficiency ” she added.Her words echo Donna Milrod's  chief product officer of State Street  another Boston-based asset management and banking giant that is exploring tokenization of bonds and money market funds. She said in an earlier interview that collateral tokens could have helped avoid or alleviate  for example  the ""liability-driven"" crisis in 2022  allowing pension funds and asset managers to use money market fund tokens for margin calls instead of liquidating their assets to raise cash.Read more: Tokenization Allows More Efficient Collateral Transfers  Digital Asset  Euroclear and World Gold Council Found in Pilot ProjectThe growth trend won't stop anytime soon.Securitize said earlier today that BUIDL is on track to surpass $2 billion in assets by early April from $1.7 billion currently. Meanwhile  Spark  the ecosystem partner of DAI stablecoin issuer Sky (formerly MakerDAO)  plans to allocate $1 billion to BUIDL  Superstate's USTB and Centrifuge's fund managed with Anemoy and Janus Henderson.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Tokenized Treasuries', 'RWA Potential', '$5B', 'Fidelity', 'Collateral', 'latest large U.S. asset manager', 'Fidelity Treasury Digital Liquidity', 'Fidelity Digital Asset Management', 'tokenized money market fund', 'money market fund tokens', 'U.S. Treasuries', 'digital asset firm', 'rwa.xyz data', 'global financial behemoths', 'financial services industry', 'Cynthia Lo Bessette', 'chief product officer', 'World Gold Council', 'DAI stablecoin issuer', 'Boston-based asset management', 'money market funds', 'asset management giant', 'Efficient Collateral Transfers', 'blockchain-based real-world assets', 'tokenized asset', 'Fidelity Investments', 'Tokenized Treasuries', 'market value', 'asset class', 'reserve asset', 'asset managers', 'banking giant', 'pension funds', 'Crypto tokens', 'collateral tokens', 'first time', 'two weeks', 'regulatory approval', 'Ethereum blockchain', 'transactional efficiencies', 'decentralized finance', 'DeFi) protocols', 'use case', 'significant potential', 'margin requirements', 'operational infrastructures', 'Donna Milrod', 'State Street', 'earlier interview', 'liability-driven"" crisis', 'margin calls', 'Pilot Project', 'growth trend', 'early April', 'ecosystem partner', 'Janus Henderson', 'idle cash', 'cash collateral', 'capital efficiency', 'tokenization trend', 'demand', 'RWAs', 'inflows', 'BlackRock', 'Securitize', 'leading', 'BUIDL', 'forefront', 'host', 'promise', 'access', 'allocation', 'markets', 'head', 'CoinDesk', 'statement', 'investors', 'blockchains', 'yield', 'trading', 'use-cases', 'words', 'bonds', 'example', 'Euroclear', 'track', 'Spark', 'Sky', 'MakerDAO', 'Superstate', 'USTB', 'Centrifuge', 'Anemoy', '2022']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,sg.finance.yahoo.com
49618,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-adhoc-secunet-security-networks-ag-change-in-the-management-board-1034517926,EQS-Adhoc: secunet Security Networks AG: Change in the Management Board,[Essen / Germany  26 March 2025] The Supervisory Board of secunet Security Networks AG (ISIN DE0007276503  WKN 727650) today resolved changes to the Management Board of secunet Security Networks AG: The Supervisory Board and CEO Axel Deininger have agreed not to extend his contract beyond the regular expiry on December 31  2025.,EQS-Ad-hoc: secunet Security Networks AG / Key word(s): Personnel/Contractsecunet Security Networks AG: Change in the Management Board26-March-2025 / 19:42 CET/CESTDisclosure of an inside information acc. to Article 17 MAR of the Regulation (EU) No 596/2014  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Publication of inside information pursuant to Article 17 MARChange in the Management Board of secunet Security Networks AG: Marc-Julian Siewert to become new Chairman of the Management Board; Axel Deininger's mandate will not be extended after 2025[Essen / Germany  26 March 2025] The Supervisory Board of secunet Security Networks AG (ISIN DE0007276503  WKN 727650) today resolved changes to the Management Board of secunet Security Networks AG: The Supervisory Board and CEO Axel Deininger have agreed not to extend his contract beyond the regular expiry on December 31  2025.In light of the future expansion of the business  the Supervisory Board plans to appoint Marc-Julian Siewert to the Management Board from July 1  2025. He is also the designated successor to the CEO.Marc-Julian Siewert possesses long-standing experience in business with public authorities as CEO of the provider for identity solutions Veridos  a joint venture of Giesecke+Devrient and Bundesdruckerei group.The Supervisory Board would like to take this opportunity to thank Axel Deininger for his consistently trusting and successful cooperation  particularly during the transformation of secunet's business model in recent years.From 1st July 2025  the Management Board is therefore expected to consist of Axel Deininger (CEO)  Torsten Henn  Dr. Kai Martius  Jessica Nospers and Marc-Julian Siewert.ContactStephanie KniepDirector Investor RelationsTel: +49 201 5454-3426E-Mail: investor.relations@secunet.comsecunet Security Networks AGKurfürstenstraße 5845138 Essenhttps://www.secunet.comISIN: DE0007276503WKN: 727650Listed: Regulated market in Frankfurt (Prime Standard); Regulated Unofficial Market in Berlin  Bremen  Düsseldorf  Hamburg  Hanover  Munich and Stuttgartsecunet - Protection for digital infrastructuressecunet is Germany's leading cybersecurity company. In an increasingly networked world  the company uses a combination of products and consulting to ensure resilient digital infrastructures and the highest possible level of protection for data  applications and digital identities. secunet specialises in areas where there are particular security requirements - such as cloud  IIoT  eGovernment and eHealth. With secunet's security solutions  companies can comply with the highest security standards in digitalisation projects and thus drive their digital transformation forward.Over 1 000 experts strengthen the digital sovereignty of governments  companies and society. Its clients include federal ministries  more than 20 DAX-listed companies and other national and international organisations. The company was founded in 1997. It is listed in the Prime Standard of Deutsche Börse and generated revenue of around 407 million euros in 2024.secunet is an IT security partner of the Federal Republic of Germany and a partner of the Alliance for Cyber Security.Further information can be found at www.secunet.comDisclaimerThis release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts; they include statements about our beliefs and expectations. Any statement in this release that expresses our intentions  beliefs  expectations or projections (and the assumptions underlying them) is a forward-looking statement. These statements are based on plans  estimates and forecasts that are currently available to the management of secunet Security Networks AG. Forward-looking statements therefore relate only to the date on which they are made. We assume no obligation to update such statements in the light of new information about future events.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.42,0.41,True,English,"['secunet Security Networks AG', 'Management Board', 'EQS-Adhoc', 'Change', 'Stephanie Kniep Director Investor Relations', 'Personnel/Contract secunet Security Networks AG', 'particular security requirements', 'highest security standards', 'Dr. Kai Martius', 'Kurfürstenstraße', 'highest possible level', 'Deutsche Börse', 'IT security partner', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Regulated Unofficial Market', 'resilient digital infrastructures', 'leading cybersecurity company', 'CEO Axel Deininger', 'security solutions', 'Cyber Security', 'Regulated market', 'digital identities', 'digital sovereignty', 'Management Board', 'inside information', 'EQS News', 'EQS Group', 'Marc-Julian Siewert', 'new Chairman', 'regular expiry', 'future expansion', 'long-standing experience', 'public authorities', 'identity solutions', 'joint venture', 'Bundesdruckerei group', 'successful cooperation', 'recent years', 'Torsten Henn', 'Jessica Nospers', 'Prime Standard', 'Düsseldorf', 'digitalisation projects', 'federal ministries', 'other national', 'international organisations', '407 million euros', 'Federal Republic', 'Further information', 'historical facts', 'new information', 'future events', 'digital transformation', '1st July', 'looking statement', 'business model', '20 DAX-listed companies', 'Article 17 MAR', 'statements', 'Change', 'CEST', 'Disclosure', 'Regulation', 'service', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Publication', 'mandate', 'Essen', 'Germany', '26 March', 'WKN', 'December', 'light', 'successor', 'provider', 'Veridos', 'Giesecke+Devrient', 'opportunity', 'trusting', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'ISIN', 'Frankfurt', 'Berlin', 'Bremen', 'Hamburg', 'Hanover', 'Munich', 'Stuttgart', 'Protection', 'networked', 'world', 'combination', 'products', 'consulting', 'data', 'applications', 'areas', 'cloud', 'IIoT', 'eGovernment', 'eHealth', '1,000 experts', 'governments', 'society', 'clients', 'revenue', 'Alliance', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'forward', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'intentions', 'projections', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'obligation']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,markets.businessinsider.com
49619,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://funds-europe.com/wisdomtree-cuts-physical-bitcoin-etp-fee-to-0-15/,WisdomTree cuts physical Bitcoin ETP fee to 0.15%,New York based ETP sponsor WisdomTree has shaved10bps of fees for its Physical Bitcoin ETP (BTCW)  from today until the,New York based ETP sponsor WisdomTree has shaved10bps of fees for its Physical Bitcoin ETP (BTCW)  from today until the end of the year.The fee will be 0.15% per annum  which the company claims to be the lowest fee level amongst bitcoin ETPs in Europe. Barring any further announcement the waiver will expire on 31 December 2025.The $880m WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin ETP  one of the largest in Europe  has over five years of track record and is listed on the London Stock Exchange  Deutsche Börse Xetra  the Swiss Stock Exchange (SIX)  and Euronext in Paris and Amsterdam.In 2024  it led the European bitcoin ETP market  attracting $232 million in net new flows.Alexis Marinof  CEO  Europe  WisdomTree said: “As the 2024 European flow leader in this category  we remain focused on meeting the demands of a rapidly evolving market  ensuring our clients have the tools to make informed  strategic investment decisions in an ever-evolving market.“By waiving fees on our Physical Bitcoin ETP  we are not only enhancing cost-effectiveness but also supporting the broader institutional adoption of digital assets.”WisdomTree’s European bitcoin ETP is passported for sale in Austria  Belgium  Denmark  Finland  France  Germany  Italy  Ireland  Luxembourg  Poland  Netherlands  Norway  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland and United Kingdom.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['physical Bitcoin ETP fee', 'WisdomTree', 'New York based ETP sponsor', '$880m WisdomTree Physical Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'informed, strategic investment decisions', 'European bitcoin ETP market', 'net new flows', '2024 European flow leader', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Swiss Stock Exchange', 'broader institutional adoption', 'lowest fee level', 'bitcoin ETPs', 'evolving market', 'five years', 'track record', 'Alexis Marinof', 'digital assets', 'United Kingdom', 'shaved10bps', 'fees', 'BTCW', 'today', 'end', 'annum', 'company', 'announcement', 'waiver', '31 December', 'SIX', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'CEO', 'category', 'demands', 'clients', 'tools', 'cost-effectiveness', 'sale', 'Austria', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'France', 'Germany', 'Italy', 'Ireland', 'Luxembourg', 'Poland', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Switzerland']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,funds-europe.com
49620,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/peoplemovesarticle.php?article_id=16570,Seiter joins AllUnity,Simon Seiter has joined AllUnity as managing director  chief financial officer  and chief product officer. Seiter possesses a strong background in developing regulated digital asset businesses having held the position of head of digital assets at Deutsche Börse Group and Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe.,Simon Seiter has joined AllUnity as managing director  chief financial officer  and chief product officer. Seiter possesses a strong background in developing regulated digital asset businesses having held the position of head of digital assets at Deutsche Börse Group and Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Seiter', 'AllUnity', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Hauck Aufhäuser Lampe', 'regulated digital asset businesses', 'chief financial officer', 'chief product officer', 'digital assets', 'managing director', 'strong background', 'Simon Seiter', 'AllUnity', 'position', 'head']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,assetservicingtimes.com
49621,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/markets/2025/03/25/blackrock-to-list-bitcoin-etp-in-europe-in-first-crypto-foray-outside-u-s,BlackRock to List Bitcoin ETP in Europe in First Crypto Foray Outside U.S.,BlackRock's IBIT is by far the largest of the 12 spot bitcoin ETFs listed in the U.S.  with net assets worth over $50 billion.,BlackRock (BLK)  the global asset manager behind the largest U.S. spot bitcoin (BTC) exchange-traded fund (ETF)  listed a bitcoin exchange-traded product (ETP) in Europe on Tuesday  its first crypto ETP outside North America.The iShares Bitcoin ETP started trading on Xetra and Euronext in Paris under the ticker IB1T and on Euronext Amsterdam as BTCN  according listing details on iShares' website.STORY CONTINUES BELOW Don't miss another story. Subscribe to the Crypto for Advisors Newsletter today . See all newsletters Sign me up By signing up  you will receive emails about CoinDesk products and you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy .The company's iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF (IBIT) is by far the largest of the 12 spot bitcoin ETFs listed in the U.S.  with net assets worth over $50 billion and cumulative net inflows of just under $40 billion  according to data tracked by SoSoValue. An equivalent product listed in Canada in January.Although the listing of bitcoin ETFs in the U.S. at the start of 2024 was considered a watershed moment for the crypto industry  similar products have existed in Europe for several years as ETPs.Digital asset managers CoinShares and 21Shares have led the way  accounting for nine of the top 20 ETPs by assets between them  according to data tracked by ETFbook. CoinShares Physical Bitcoin ETP is the largest  with $1.3 billion under management and a 0.25% fee.Coinbase (COIN)  which provides custody for IBIT  will do the same for the BlackRock's European product. The fee for the European ETP is temporarily reduced by 10 basis points to 0.15% until the end of 2025.BlackRock's ETP introduction was reported earlier by Bloomberg.UPDATE (March 25  11:34 UTC): Adds trading started in first paragraph  Canada ETF in third  European industry in fourth.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['First Crypto Foray', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'U.S.', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'largest U.S. spot bitcoin', 'The iShares Bitcoin ETP', 'iShares Bitcoin Trust ETF', '12 spot bitcoin ETFs', 'global asset manager', 'BTC) exchange-traded fund', 'Digital asset managers', 'Physical Bitcoin ETP', 'bitcoin exchange-traded product', 'cumulative net inflows', 'first crypto ETP', ""iShares' website"", 'European ETP', 'ETP introduction', 'first paragraph', 'equivalent product', 'European product', 'North America', 'Advisors Newsletter', 'CoinDesk products', 'privacy policy', 'net assets', 'crypto industry', 'similar products', 'several years', '10 basis points', 'European industry', 'Canada ETF', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'top 20 ETPs', 'BlackRock', 'BLK', 'Tuesday', 'Xetra', 'Paris', 'ticker', 'IB1T', 'BTCN', 'listing', 'details', 'STORY', 'newsletters', 'emails', 'terms', 'use', 'company', 'IBIT', 'data', 'SoSoValue', 'January', 'start', 'CoinShares', '21Shares', 'way', 'ETFbook', 'management', '0.25% fee', 'Coinbase', 'custody', 'end', 'Bloomberg', 'UPDATE', 'March', '34 UTC', 'trading', 'third', '2025']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,coindesk.com
49622,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cointelegraph.com/news/blackrock-launches-bitcoin-etp-europe,BlackRock launches Bitcoin ETP in Europe,BlackRock  the world’s largest asset manager  launched a Bitcoin exchange-traded product (ETP) on multiple European stock exchanges.The iShares Bitcoin ETP began trading on March 25 on Xetra  Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris  according to BlackRock’s pro…,BlackRock  the world’s largest asset manager  launched a Bitcoin exchange-traded product (ETP) on multiple European stock exchanges.The iShares Bitcoin ETP began trading on March 25 on Xetra  Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris  according to BlackRock’s pro…,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Bitcoin ETP', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'multiple European stock exchanges', 'The iShares Bitcoin ETP', 'Bitcoin exchange-traded product', 'largest asset manager', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'BlackRock', 'world', 'March', 'Xetra']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,cointelegraph.com
49623,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/blackrocks-bitcoin-etp-debuts-europe-130737866.html,BlackRock's Bitcoin ETP Debuts in Europe After Strong Performance in U.S.,BlackRock has officially launched its iShares Bitcoin Exchange-Traded Product (ETP) in Europe  marking a significant expansion of its crypto offerings beyond...,"BlackRock has officially launched its iShares Bitcoin Exchange-Traded Product (ETP) in Europe  marking a significant expansion of its crypto offerings beyond North America. The ETP will be listed on Euronext Paris and Xetra under the ticker symbol ""IB1T "" as well as on Euronext Amsterdam under ""BTCN.""This move comes after the firm’s successful introduction of its U.S. spot Bitcoin ETF last year  which has since attracted substantial investment. As of Monday  the iShares Bitcoin Trust  BlackRock's U.S. offering  reported a cumulative net inflow of $39.8 billion and holds approximately $50.69 billion in net assets  making it the largest U.S. spot Bitcoin ETF.The newly launched ETP is backed by Bitcoin held in cold storage by Coinbase Custody International Ltd.  a measure that aims to provide investors security and trust.The launch in Europe signifies BlackRock's first foray into crypto-backed ETPs outside the North American market  reflecting a growing interest in crypto products among institutional investors.In the U.S.  spot Bitcoin ETFs have been experiencing a period of positive momentum  with net inflows recorded for seven consecutive days. On Monday  these ETFs saw $84 million in net inflows alongside a total trading volume exceeding $1.97 billion  according to data from SoSoValue.",neutral,0.22,0.77,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Bitcoin ETP Debuts', 'Strong Performance', 'U.S.', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'largest U.S. spot Bitcoin ETF', 'Coinbase Custody International Ltd.', 'iShares Bitcoin Exchange-Traded Product', 'U.S. offering', 'spot Bitcoin ETFs', 'iShares Bitcoin Trust', 'seven consecutive days', 'total trading volume', 'North American market', 'cumulative net inflow', 'net assets', 'net inflows', 'significant expansion', 'crypto offerings', 'Euronext Paris', 'ticker symbol', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'successful introduction', 'substantial investment', 'cold storage', 'first foray', 'crypto-backed ETPs', 'growing interest', 'crypto products', 'positive momentum', 'institutional investors', 'The ETP', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'Xetra', 'IB1T', 'BTCN', 'move', 'firm', 'Monday', 'measure', 'security', 'launch', 'period', 'data', 'SoSoValue']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,finance.yahoo.com
49624,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/c306962d9d3652d0,BlackRock launches bitcoin ETP in Europe following US success,BlackRock's iShares Bitcoin ETP will be listed on Euronext Paris  Xetra and Euronext Amsterdam on Tuesday.,BlackRock's iShares Bitcoin ETP will be listed on Euronext Paris  Xetra and Euronext Amsterdam on Tuesday.This story appeared on theblock.co   2025-03-25 08:47:17.,neutral,0.27,0.73,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['bitcoin ETP', 'US success', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'iShares Bitcoin ETP', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'theblock.co', 'BlackRock', 'Xetra', 'Tuesday', 'story']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,biztoc.com
49625,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/a5134bc6911ba6e9,Euronext Clearing joins Baton Systems’ Core-Collateral Network,Euronext Clearing is the latest addition to Baton Systems’ collateral management solution  Core-Collateral. The offering provides users direct two-way connectivity to consume CCP information and instruct collateral movements across its network. Through the m…,Euronext Clearing is the latest addition to Baton Systems’ collateral management solution  Core-Collateral.The offering provides users direct two-way connectivity to consume CCP information and instruct collateral movements across its network. Through the move  Baton Systems’ client…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2025-03-25 11:07:54.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Baton Systems’ Core-Collateral Network', 'Euronext Clearing', 'Baton Systems’ collateral management solution', 'Baton Systems’ client', 'direct two-way connectivity', 'collateral movements', 'Euronext Clearing', 'latest addition', 'CCP information', 'Core-Collateral', 'offering', 'users', 'network', 'story', 'thetradenews.']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,biztoc.com
49626,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048409/0/en/Valneva-Announces-Filing-of-2024-Universal-Registration-Document-and-US-Form-20-F.html,Valneva Announces Filing of 2024 Universal Registration Document and US Form 20-F,Saint-Herblain (France)  March 25  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March 24  2025  of its 2024 Universal Registration Document (URD) with the French Financial Markets Authority…,Saint-Herblain (France)  March 25  2025 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  announced today the filing  on March 24  2025  of its 2024 Universal Registration Document (URD) with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) under the filing number D.25-0140 and its Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).Valneva’s 2024 Universal Registration Document – available in its entirety in French – includes the Company’s 2024 Annual Financial Report  the Company's Annual Management Report  the Board of Directors’ Corporate Governance Report and the Company’s Sustainability Statement. The Sustainability Statement is available in both English and French.These documents are available on Valneva’s website (https://valneva.com/investors/financial-reports/) and will also be available on the AMF (www.amf-france.org/) and SEC (www.sec.gov/) websites  respectively. Hard copies of these documents may be obtained from the Company  free of charge  upon request at the following address: 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain  France.About Valneva SEWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world’s first chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world’s most clinically advanced Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats. More information is available at www.valneva.com.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099communications@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.35,0.62,True,English,"['2024 Universal Registration Document', 'US Form', 'Valneva', 'Filing', 'other global public health threats', 'Directors’ Corporate Governance Report', 'three proprietary travel vaccines', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2024 Annual Financial Report', 'Shigella vaccine candidate', 'Annual Management Report', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'U.S. Securities', '6 rue Alain Bombard', 'unmet medical needs', 'strong track record', 'growing commercial business', 'advanced clinical development', 'Global Investor Relations', 'class vaccine solutions', 'European Investor Relations', 'early R&D', 'multiple vaccine modalities', 'The Sustainability Statement', 'first chikungunya vaccine', 'specialty vaccine company', 'Global Communications', 'multiple vaccines', 'vaccine pipeline', 'vaccine candidates', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'third-party vaccines', 'Ph.D.', 'Euronext Paris', 'Exchange Commission', 'Hard copies', 'following address', 'infectious diseases', 'targeted approach', 'deep expertise', 'continued advancement', 'Zika virus', 'More information', 'Valneva Investor', 'Media Contacts', 'Laetitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'filing number', 'Valneva SE', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'March', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', 'URD', 'AMF', 'entirety', 'Board', 'English', 'documents', 'website', 'investors', 'financial-reports', 'org', 'charge', 'request', 'specialized', 'approvals', 'world', 'Revenues', 'Pfizer', 'VP', 'Attachment']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49627,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cryptobriefing.com/blackrock-bitcoin-etp-europe/,BlackRock rolls out Bitcoin ETP in Europe after US ETF success  offers temporary fee cut,BlackRock's European Bitcoin ETP launch could accelerate crypto adoption  potentially reshaping investment landscapes across the region.The post BlackRock rolls out Bitcoin ETP in Europe after US ETF success  offers temporary fee cut appeared first on Crypto…,The move follows BlackRock's debut of its iShares Bitcoin ETF on Cboe Canada in January.Key Takeaways BlackRock launches its first crypto-linked ETP in Europe trading on Xetra and Euronext as IB1T.The European Bitcoin ETP features a temporary fee waiver  making it cost-effective at 0.15%.Share this articleBlackRock  a leading global asset manager  has introduced a Bitcoin ETP in Europe  building on the success of its US-listed spot Bitcoin ETF  the iShares Bitcoin Trust (IBIT)  which has amassed $50.6 billion in assets under management as of the latest data.According to a March 25 report from Bloomberg  the iShares Bitcoin ETP will trade on Xetra and Euronext Paris as IB1T and on Euronext Amsterdam as BTCN.The product features a temporary fee waiver of 10 basis points  bringing its expense ratio to 0.15% through the end of the year.The fund is BlackRock’s first crypto-linked ETP outside North America. BlackRock previously launched IBIT and iShares Bitcoin ETF on Cboe Canada.Manuela Sperandeo  BlackRock’s head of iShares Product for Europe and the Middle East  said that a mix of strong retail demand and growing interest from professional investors is driving real momentum. She added that BlackRock’s move into the European market both reflects this shift and helps push it forward.While Europe has long established a market for crypto ETPs  with over 160 products tracking various digital assets  its scale remains smaller than that of the US  Bloomberg ETF analyst Eric Balchunas stated in February.US spot ETFs  despite being only a year old  have captured approximately 91% of global market share  largely attributed to their competitive cost structures and high liquidity.The analyst suggested that if BlackRock could successfully replicate the US market’s dynamics  substantial market growth is plausible.However  he noted that risk tolerance among European investors is generally lower compared to their counterparts in the US and certain Asian regions.Europe barely on leaderboard of spot bitcoin ETFs by size.. US spot ETFs only year old and have 91%(!) share of world. We kick so much ass when it comes to cost and liquidity. If BlackRock brings even some of the US Terrordome over there  should see success  altho keep in mind… pic.twitter.com/fwFDE84rhS — Eric Balchunas (@EricBalchunas) February 5  2025,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,negative,0.02,0.39,0.58,True,English,"['US ETF success', 'temporary fee cut', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'BlackRock', 'Europe', 'Bloomberg ETF analyst Eric Balchunas', 'leading global asset manager', 'US-listed spot Bitcoin ETF', 'The European Bitcoin ETP', 'iShares Bitcoin ETF', 'temporary fee waiver', 'strong retail demand', 'iShares Bitcoin Trust', 'spot bitcoin ETFs', 'iShares Bitcoin ETP', 'first crypto-linked ETP', 'substantial market growth', 'various digital assets', 'competitive cost structures', 'global market share', 'US spot ETFs', 'European market', 'European investors', 'iShares Product', 'Cboe Canada', 'Key Takeaways', 'latest data', 'March 25 report', '10 basis points', 'expense ratio', 'North America', 'Manuela Sperandeo', 'Middle East', 'growing interest', 'professional investors', 'real momentum', 'crypto ETPs', 'risk tolerance', 'Asian regions', 'US market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US Terrordome', 'high liquidity', 'move', 'BlackRock', 'debut', 'January', 'Xetra', 'IB1T.', 'article', 'success', 'IBIT', 'management', 'BTCN', 'end', 'year', 'fund', 'head', 'mix', 'shift', '160 products', 'scale', 'February', 'dynamics', 'counterparts', 'leaderboard', 'size', 'world', 'mind', 'fwFDE84rhS', 'EricBalchunas']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,cryptobriefing.com
49628,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3049058/0/en/Reporting-on-acquisition-of-treasury-shares.html,Reporting on acquisition of treasury shares,Regulated information  Aalst  Belgium  March 25  2025 – In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 2  2019 executing the Belgian Code...,Regulated informationAalst  Belgium  March 25  2025 – In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of April 2  2019 executing the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  Ontex hereby discloses information in relation to its program to buy back treasury shares  which was announced on November 25  2024.During the work week ending on March 21  2025  Ontex repurchased 98 948 shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels  as set out in the table below.Date # shares Averageprice (in €) Minimumprice (in €) Maximumprice (in €) Total value(in €) 17/03/2025 44 000 8.692 8.630 8.740 382 450 18/03/2025 6 281 8.673 8.640 8.700 54 478 19/03/2025 10 903 8.593 8.580 8.610 93 687 20/03/2025 23 183 8.634 8.560 8.680 200 156 21/03/2025 14 581 8.699 8.670 8.730 126 842On December 2  2024 Ontex launched a share buy-back program to acquire a maximum of 1.5 million shares. The shares acquired will contribute to meeting Ontex’s obligations under its current and future long-term incentive plans. The share purchases will be spread over a seven-month period ending on June 30  2025. The program is conducted under the terms and conditions of the authorization granted by the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on May 5  2023  and is executed by an independent intermediary  who will make its decisions independently pursuant to a discretionary mandate.EnquiriesInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Catherine Weyne +32 53 33 36 22 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international developer and producer of baby  feminine and adult care products  both for retailers and the healthcare sector. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through retailers and healthcare providers. Employing some 7 000 people  Ontex has a presence in 14 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussel and is a constituent of the Bel Mid® index. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'Reporting', 'acquisition', 'future long-term incentive plans', 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'Media Catherine Weyne', 'leading international developer', 'Bel Mid® index', 'adult care products', 'share buy-back program', 'share purchases', 'innovative products', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'work week', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Average price', 'Minimum price', 'Total value', 'seven-month period', 'independent intermediary', 'discretionary mandate', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'healthcare sector', 'healthcare providers', 'latest news', 'Regulated information', 'Maximum price', 'treasury shares', '1.5 million shares', 'ontex.com', '98,948 shares', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'accordance', 'article', 'April', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'relation', 'November', 'March', 'table', 'December', 'obligations', 'current', 'June', 'terms', 'conditions', 'authorization', 'May', 'decisions', 'Enquiries', 'Investors', 'communications', 'ontexglobal', 'producer', 'feminine', 'retailers', '100 countries', '7,000 people', 'presence', '14 countries', 'headquarters', 'constituent', 'LinkedIn', 'Attachment', '€']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49629,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4126398.html,Fairmont Hotels & Resorts Unveils Five Exceptional New Openings Across Asia,Embark on exhilarating new adventures around the globe with Fairmont Hotels & Resorts  part of the world-leading hospitality group Accor  where personalized experiences are the heart and soul of every stay  and properties are set in the social epicenters of t…,Embark on exhilarating new adventures around the globe with Fairmont Hotels & Resorts  part of the world-leading hospitality group Accor  where personalized experiences are the heart and soul of every stay  and properties are set in the social epicenters of the world. Expect memorable stays in majestic destinations with five highly anticipated openings  each with a strong sense of local connection  from the global luxury hospitality brand’s record-breaking pipeline.India: Soak up a cacophony of cityscape sounds in the lively cityof Mumbai  India with Fairmont Mumbai  slated to open in April  where the elegance of the 1920s meets modern sophistication. Located near the international airport  the hotel offers 446 luxurious rooms and suites  blending classical charm with contemporary style. The hotel features Mumbai's most glamorous event spaces  including a Grand Ballroom that can host over 2 000 guests. Delight in five globally inspired restaurants  a wellness longevity suite  and an outdoor pool for a tranquil urban escape.Amid the serene landscapes of Rajasthan in northwestern India  Fairmont Udaipur Palace is nestled in the heart of the majestic Aravalli Hills. Surrounded by lush greenery  this hilltop palace set to open in July 2025  evokes Rajasthan's centuries-old heritage with its intricately carved marble columns  high-domed ceilings  regal verandas  and bespoke inlaid flooring. Set across 18 acres  the sprawling property features 327 luxurious rooms and over 130 000 sq. ft. of versatile event spaces  perfect for weddings and offers guests intimate encounters with the city’s breathtaking natural beauty. The palace also boasts a variety of dining venues and bars  serving Mediterranean  Southern Italian  Asian  and global cuisines.Japan: In the bustling heart of Japan  Fairmont launches its first-ever Japanese property - Fairmont Tokyo. Set to open on July 1  2025  this hotel occupies the prestigious south tower of the Blue Front Shibaura Project  offering 217 elegantly designed guest rooms and suites with sweeping views of Tokyo Bay and the city skyline. Just 13 minutes from Haneda Airport and near major rail hubs like Tokyo and Shinagawa Stations  Fairmont Tokyo is ideally located for local and international visitors. The hotel provides serene luxury amid Tokyo’s energy  with a spa  fitness center  indoor infinity pool  and multiple dining venues. Guests can unwind at five restaurants  two bars  or outdoor terraces. The Sky Chapel  with art that captures a moment in bloom and embraces eternity  along with The Sea banquet  creates memorable settings for celebrations and gatherings  while the Fairmont Grand Ballroom  one of Tokyo’s grandest  accommodates up to 1 200 guests.Vietnam: Over in Hanoi  Vietnam — just moments away from Hoan Kiem Lake and the Old Quarter — step into the captivating interiors of Fairmont Hanoi  designed by Perkins Eastman and Aston Design. The first Fairmont in Vietnam  the property opens in November 2025. An ode to the vibrant city  details draw inspiration from Vietnam’s traditional colors and intricate lacquer craft  blending Indochinese motifs with French colonial influences for an enchanting peek into the city’s fascinating history. Here  guests are treated to an urban resort of 241 luxurious rooms  with six dining and bar venues  including a rooftop restaurant  spa  fitness center  a bathhouse  and two swimming pools.Thailand: A sparkling addition to Bangkok’s energetic scene  Fairmont Bangkok Sukhumvit captures the heritage charm of the city with 419 elegantly designed rooms. Woven between extensive facilities of speciality restaurants  a rooftop bar  wellness and spa centers  and meeting rooms are a curated selection of artistic decor and handcrafted furniture that add to the property’s design story of  “The Fantastic Journey of Travel to the Bygone Era”. Views of Bangkok’s Central Business District place the LEED and WELL Green-certified hotel within walking distance of main transportation hubs  making it a favorable option for both local and international visitors alike. The property is slated to open in November 2025.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Five Exceptional New Openings', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'Resorts', 'Asia', 'Blue Front Shibaura Project', 'global luxury hospitality brand', 'glamorous event spaces', 'carved marble columns', 'bespoke inlaid flooring', 'versatile event spaces', 'breathtaking natural beauty', 'Southern Italian, Asian', 'prestigious south tower', 'major rail hubs', 'Hoan Kiem Lake', 'intricate lacquer craft', 'French colonial influences', 'main transportation hubs', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'The Sky Chapel', 'The Sea banquet', 'The Fantastic Journey', 'tranquil urban escape', 'majestic Aravalli Hills', 'two swimming pools', 'Central Business District', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'wellness longevity suite', 'multiple dining venues', 'first-ever Japanese property', 'WELL Green-certified hotel', 'Fairmont Udaipur Palace', 'Fairmont Grand Ballroom', 'Fairmont Bangkok Sukhumvit', 'The Group', 'global cuisines', 'responsible hospitality', 'majestic destinations', 'urban resort', 'business ethics', 'serene luxury', 'six dining', 'bar venues', 'first Fairmont', 'new adventures', 'social epicenters', 'anticipated openings', 'strong sense', 'record-breaking pipeline', 'cityscape sounds', 'lively cityof', 'modern sophistication', 'international airport', 'classical charm', 'contemporary style', 'outdoor pool', 'serene landscapes', 'lush greenery', 'hilltop palace', 'centuries-old heritage', 'high-domed ceilings', 'regal verandas', 'intimate encounters', 'Haneda Airport', 'Shinagawa Stations', 'international visitors', 'fitness center', 'indoor infinity pool', 'outdoor terraces', 'memorable settings', 'Old Quarter', 'captivating interiors', 'Perkins Eastman', 'Aston Design', 'traditional colors', 'Indochinese motifs', 'enchanting peek', 'fascinating history', 'rooftop restaurant', 'sparkling addition', 'energetic scene', 'heritage charm', 'extensive facilities', 'rooftop bar', 'curated selection', 'artistic decor', 'handcrafted furniture', 'design story', 'Bygone Era', 'walking distance', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'booking platform', 'loyalty program', 'positive action', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'heartfelt care', '446 luxurious rooms', '327 luxurious rooms', 'guest rooms', 'two bars', '241 luxurious rooms', 'meeting rooms', 'Fairmont Hotels', 'Fairmont Tokyo', 'Fairmont Hanoi', 'personalized experiences', 'five globally', 'unique experiences', 'sprawling property', '45 hotel brands', 'Fairmont Mumbai', 'memorable stays', 'sweeping views', 'Tokyo Bay', 'speciality restaurants', 'city skyline', 'vibrant city', 'local connection', 'northwestern India', 'bustling heart', 'spa centers', 'Accor promise', 'Accor SA', 'five restaurants', 'hotel stay', '5,600 hotels', '10,000 bars', 'globe', 'Resorts', 'part', 'soul', 'properties', 'cacophony', 'April', 'elegance', '1920s', 'suites', '2,000 guests', 'Delight', 'Rajasthan', 'July', '18 acres', '130,000 sq', 'weddings', 'variety', 'Mediterranean', '217 elegantly', 'energy', 'moment', 'bloom', 'eternity', 'celebrations', 'gatherings', 'grandest', '1,200 guests', 'Vietnam', 'November', 'details', 'inspiration', 'bathhouse', 'Thailand', '419 elegantly', 'Travel', 'LEED', 'option', '110 countries', 'industry', 'economy', 'Lifestyle', 'Ennismore', 'members', 'access', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'mission', 'purpose', 'cultures', 'France']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,hospitalitynet.org
49630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048420/0/en/Technip-Energies-convenes-its-2025-annual-general-meeting.html,Technip Energies convenes its 2025 annual general meeting,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE)  a global technology & engineering powerhouse leading in energy and decarbonization infrastructure  today announces the publication of the convening notice for its annual general meeting  which will be held on May 6  2025  at 2:00 …,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE)  a global technology & engineering powerhouse leading in energy and decarbonization infrastructure  today announces the publication of the convening notice for its annual general meeting  which will be held on May 6  2025  at 2:00 p.m. CEST in Schiphol  The Netherlands.The convening notice  agenda and explanatory notes  as well as other relevant meeting documents are available at: https://investors.technipenergies.com/news-events/agmTechnip Energies’ 2024 Annual Report is available at:https://investors.technipenergies.com/financial-information/results-centerAbout Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6.9 billion in 2024 and is listed on Euronext Paris. Technip Energies also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor Relations Media Relations Phillip Lindsay Jason Hyonne Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations & Social Media Manager Tel: +44 207 585 5051 Tel: +33 1 47 78 22 89 Email: Phillip Lindsay Email: Jason HyonneAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2025 annual general meeting', 'Technip Energies', 'Vice-President Investor Relations Press Relations', 'Investor Relations Media Relations', 'other relevant meeting documents', 'Phillip Lindsay Jason Hyonne', 'Technip Energies’ 2024 Annual Report', 'annual general meeting', 'Jason Hyonne Attachment', 'Social Media Manager', 'complementary business segments', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'engineering powerhouse', 'convening notice', 'The Netherlands', 'explanatory notes', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'critical markets', 'Project Delivery', 'industrial reality', '17,000+ employees', 'global technology', 'decarbonization infrastructure', 'Euronext Paris', 'energy derivatives', 'publication', 'May', 'CEST', 'Schiphol', 'agenda', 'investors', 'technipenergies', 'news-events', 'agm', 'financial-information', 'results', 'center', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'development', 'circularity', 'Products', 'Services', 'TPS', 'innovation', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'excellence', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'sustainability', 'world', 'revenues', 'counter', 'Contacts', 'Email', '2:00', '33']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048404/0/en/Biotalys-to-Appoint-Toni-Bucci-to-its-Board-of-Directors.html,Biotalys to Appoint Toni Bucci to its Board of Directors,Seasoned Agriculture and Biotech Executive With a Passion to Feed the World Sustainably Seasoned Agriculture and Biotech Executive With a Passion to Feed the World Sustainably,"Ghent  BELGIUM  March 25  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press releaseBiotalys (Euronext: BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for sustainable crop protection  is pleased to announce the proposal to appoint Toni Bucci as independent director to its Board of Directors. Ms Bucci’s appointment will become effective immediately upon election at the upcoming Biotalys shareholders’ meeting on 22 April 2025. She will succeed Markus Heldt  who will retire from the Board.Simon Moroney  Chairman of the Board at Biotalys  commented: ""We are delighted to welcome Toni Bucci to our Board of Directors. Her extensive experience in agriculture and strategic leadership will be most welcome as we continue to build Biotalys into a leader in the future of sustainable crop protection. I would also like to extend my gratitude to Markus Heldt  who will retire from the board  for his dedication  guidance  and instrumental contributions during his tenure at the company. Markus’s contributions have been invaluable  and we wish him all the very best for the future.”Kevin Helash  CEO of Biotalys  noted: ""Toni is a highly respected leader  and we are thrilled to have her on board. Her deep industry expertise  passion for innovation  and experience in biotechnology and fermentation align perfectly with Biotalys' mission to transform crop protection with our protein-based biocontrols. Her insights into AgTech’s challenges and opportunities will be instrumental in driving our growth and advancing our novel solutions. We look forward to working closely with her to accelerate our impact in sustainable agriculture.""Dr Bucci has more than 30 years of experience  including leading and scaling agricultural and biotechnology companies  guiding their strategic growth and helping them navigate the route to commercialisation. Prior to her current focus leading start-ups  she spent 23 years at BASF where she was responsible for the research  development and commercialisation of new fungicides and insecticides as well as business development. She currently serves as an independent board director and advisor to several emerging biotech companies  with a strong focus on driving innovation and advancing sustainable agricultural solutions.Toni Bucci said: ""I am honoured to have this opportunity to join the Board of Biotalys and to contribute to the company’s pioneering role in advancing sustainable and innovative solutions for agriculture. Biotalys is at the forefront of an exciting transformation in crop protection  and I look forward to working with the team to support its vision of building a healthier and more sustainable future for global food production.""Dr Bucci earned a PhD in Entomology from North Carolina State University  a Master’s degree also in Entomology from the University of Georgia and a Bachelor of Science in Biology and Chemistry from Augusta State University.About BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contact:Toon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: IR@biotalys.comImportant NoticeBiotalys  its business  prospects and financial position remain exposed and subject to risks and uncertainties. A description of and reference to these risks and uncertainties can be found in the annual report on the consolidated annual accounts published on the company’s website.This announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. Biotalys’ actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.16,0.12,True,English,"['Toni Bucci', 'Biotalys', 'Board', 'Directors', 'North Carolina State University', 'several emerging biotech companies', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'current focus leading start-ups', 'upcoming Biotalys shareholders’ meeting', 'Augusta State University', 'deep industry expertise', 'global food production', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'safer food supply', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'key crop pests', 'consolidated annual accounts', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'sustainable agricultural solutions', 'sustainable crop protection', 'independent board director', 'novel solutions', 'independent director', 'biotech cluster', 'Agricultural Technology', 'protein-based biocontrols', 'innovative solutions', 'strong focus', 'annual report', 'biotechnology companies', 'scaling agricultural', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'Ms Bucci', 'Simon Moroney', 'strategic leadership', 'Kevin Helash', 'Dr Bucci', 'new fungicides', 'pioneering role', 'exciting transformation', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Important Notice', 'financial position', 'forward-looking terminology', 'intended results', 'actual results', 'Toni Bucci', 'looking statements', 'Markus Heldt', 'sustainable future', 'instrumental contributions', 'strategic growth', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'future performance', 'sustainable agriculture', 'extensive experience', ""Biotalys' mission"", 'business development', 'AgTech) company', 'Ghent', 'BELGIUM', 'March', 'BTLS', 'proposal', 'Directors', 'appointment', 'election', '22 April', 'Chairman', 'gratitude', 'dedication', 'guidance', 'tenure', 'CEO', 'passion', 'innovation', 'fermentation', 'insights', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'impact', '30 years', 'route', 'commercialisation', '23 years', 'BASF', 'research', 'insecticides', 'advisor', 'opportunity', 'forefront', 'team', 'vision', 'healthier', 'PhD', 'Entomology', 'Master', 'degree', 'Georgia', 'Bachelor', 'Science', 'Biology', 'Chemistry', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'July', 'Head', 'Communication', 'prospects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'description', 'reference', 'website', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'plans', 'target', 'strategy', 'nature', 'readers', 'none', 'guarantee', 'updates', 'adjustments', 'law', '9']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49632,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048415/0/en/CROSSJECT-updates-on-its-collaboration-with-ETON-PHARMACEUTICALS-Inc-and-the-ZENEO-adrenal-insufficiency-program.html,CROSSJECT updates on its collaboration with ETON PHARMACEUTICALS  Inc. and the ZENEO® adrenal insufficiency program,Press Release    CROSSJECT updates on its collaboration with ETON PHARMACEUTICALS  Inc. and the ZENEO® adrenal insufficiency program    CROSSJECT...,Press ReleaseCROSSJECT updates on its collaboration with ETON PHARMACEUTICALS  Inc. and the ZENEO® adrenal insufficiency programCROSSJECT enhanced its collaboration with Eton Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Eton”) by providing its proprietary innovative hydrocortisone formulation (the “CROSSJECT Formulation”) to enter the hospital adrenal insufficiency market. CROSSJECT will earn a high-single digit royalty on ETON’s net sales.ETON confirmed its commitment to finalize the development and manufacturing steps of its adrenal insufficiency product line  including both the CROSSJECT Formulation  referred to ET-800  and the life-changing crisis management product-ZENEO® Hydrocortisone  to capture a significant share of a >$200M market opportunity in the US alone.Product filings expected from 2H 2026 onward.Dijon  France March 25  2025 (7.30AM CET) -- CROSSJECT (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company in advanced phases of development and registration for ZEPIZURE®  an emergency injectable for the management of epilepsy crises  announces positive updates in its collaboration with US endocrinology leader ETON PHARMACEUTICALS  Inc. (“ETON”). In June 2021  ETON in-licensed commercialization rights to ZENEO® Hydrocortisone for the US and Canadian markets.As part of the development of ZENEO® Hydrocortisone  CROSSJECT developed a unique  and proprietary ready-to-use liquid formulation of hydrocortisone. This formulation represents a significant innovation in the US market where formulations  such as PFIZER’s Solu-Cortef®  are effective solutions  yet require more than ten steps for reconstitution and mixing. As part of the joint effort to bring new solutions to adrenal insufficiency patients  ETON will develop and commercialize this CROSSJECT Formulation as a superior alternative to current injectables. CROSSJECT will earn a high single digit royalty on ETON’s net sales of such product  referred to as ET-800 in ETON’s pipeline  and retains the right to commercialize the product outside the US and Canada. ETON expects to gain a significant share of that hospital market opportunity for hydrocortisone injectables estimated at $100 million.In parallel  ETON confirmed  in its latest investor presentation dated March 18 2025  its commitment to ZENEO® Hydrocortisone as a life-changing solution for adrenal insufficiency crises. Future development and manufacturing milestones  under CROSSJECT’s plans  are expected from early 2026 onward. ETON early evaluation of the market opportunity of ZENEO® Hydrocortisone exceeds $100 million.“We are grateful with the latest announcements made by ETON and their enthusiastic views on the value contributions made by CROSSJECT. These new product developments are allowing us also to highlight our deep know-how in complex injectables formulations. Our energy and resources have been concentrating on the deliveries related to ZEPIZURE® which shall result from its EUA under the sponsorship of BARDA later in 2025. However  we are fully committed to accelerating the parallel developments of our game-changing product developments in adrenal insufficiency for the US. We will also leverage that experience to introduce innovative products in adrenal insufficiency in Europe and in the rest of the world.” said Patrick ALEXANDRE  CEO of CROSSJECT.About CROSSJECTCROSSJECT SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com ) is an emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform. CROSSJECT is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract* with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). The Company’s versatile ZENEO® platform is designed to enable patients or untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver a broad range of emergency drugs via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include mainly solutions for allergic shocks and adrenal insufficiencies  as well as therapies and other emergency indications.* This project has been supported in whole or in part with federal funds from the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA)  under contract number 75A50122C00031.About ETON PHARMACEUTICALSETON is an innovative pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing treatments for rare diseases. The Company currently has seven commercial rare disease products: INCRELEX®  ALKINDI SPRINKLE®  GALZIN®  PKU GOLIKE®  Carglumic Acid  Betaine Anhydrous  and Nitisinone. The Company has six additional product candidates in late-stage development: ET-400  ET-600  Amglidia®  ET-700  ET-800 and ZENEO® hydrocortisone autoinjector. For more information  please visit our website at www.etonpharma.com.***For further information  please contact:Investor Relationinvestors@crossject.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.47,0.1,0.42,True,English,"['ZENEO® adrenal insufficiency program', 'CROSSJECT updates', 'ETON PHARMACEUTICALS', 'collaboration', 'award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform', 'seven commercial rare disease products', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'life-changing crisis management product-ZENEO® Hydrocortisone', 'high single digit royalty', 'six additional product candidates', 'ZENEO® adrenal insufficiency program', 'adrenal insufficiency product line', 'hospital adrenal insufficiency market', 'emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company', 'proprietary innovative hydrocortisone formulation', 'high-single digit royalty', 'versatile ZENEO® platform', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'hospital market opportunity', 'specialty pharma company', 'adrenal insufficiency crises', '$200M market opportunity', 'ZENEO® hydrocortisone autoinjector', 'innovative pharmaceutical company', 'game-changing product developments', 'adrenal insufficiency patients', 'latest investor presentation', 'advanced regulatory development', 'other emergency indications', 'new product developments', 'US endocrinology leader', 'complex injectables formulations', 'ETON early evaluation', 'innovative products', 'life-changing solution', 'other products', 'rare diseases', 'advanced phases', 'proprietary ready', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'hydrocortisone injectables', 'Product filings', 'epilepsy crises', 'latest announcements', 'Investor Relation', 'current injectables', 'US market', 'The Company', 'emergency injectable', 'emergency situations', 'emergency drugs', 'new solutions', 'liquid formulation', 'parallel developments', 'Press Release', 'net sales', 'manufacturing steps', 'significant share', 'positive updates', 'commercialization rights', 'Canadian markets', 'significant innovation', 'ten steps', 'joint effort', 'superior alternative', 'manufacturing milestones', 'enthusiastic views', 'value contributions', 'deep know-how', 'Patrick ALEXANDRE', '$60 million contract', 'untrained caregivers', 'broad range', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'allergic shocks', 'federal funds', 'Human Services', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'contract number', 'ALKINDI SPRINKLE®', 'PKU GOLIKE®', 'Carglumic Acid', 'Betaine Anhydrous', 'ETON PHARMACEUTICALS', 'effective solutions', 'Future development', 'Development Authority', 'late-stage development', 'CROSSJECT Formulation', 'CROSSJECT SA', 'collaboration', 'commitment', '2H', 'Dijon', 'France', 'ISIN', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'registration', 'ZEPIZURE®', 'June', 'part', 'PFIZER', 'Solu-Cortef®', 'reconstitution', 'mixing', 'pipeline', 'Canada', 'plans', 'energy', 'resources', 'deliveries', 'EUA', 'sponsorship', 'BARDA', 'experience', 'Europe', 'rest', 'world', 'CEO', 'medicines', 'clothing', 'therapies', 'project', 'Health', 'Administration', 'Response', 'commercializing', 'treatments', 'INCRELEX®', 'GALZIN®', 'Amglidia®', 'information', 'website', 'etonpharma', 'Attachment']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49633,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3049018/0/en/Kaldvik-AS-completes-the-acquisition-of-key-assets-in-the-fish-farming-value-chain-on-the-east-coast-of-Iceland.html,Kaldvik AS completes the acquisition of key assets in the fish farming value chain on the east-coast of Iceland,"Reykjavik  Iceland  25 March 2025:  Reference is made to the announcement by Kaldvik AS (""Kaldvik""  the ""Company"") on 20 December 2024 and 28...","Reykjavik  Iceland  25 March 2025:Reference is made to the announcement by Kaldvik AS (""Kaldvik""  the ""Company"") on 20 December 2024 and 28 February 2025 regarding the agreement to acquire (i) 100% of the shares in Mossi ehf. (""Mossi"")  (ii) 100% of the shares in Djupskel ehf. (""Djupskel"") and (iii) 33.3% of the shares in Bulandstindur ehf. (""Bulandstindur"") (the ""Transaction"").Kaldvik has today completed the Transaction.The estimated total purchase price of NOK 190 million has been settled as follows: (i) for the shares in Djupskel and Bulandstindur  an aggregate of NOK 150 million  has been settled by way of issuance of a promissory note which is eligible for conversion to consideration shares in Kaldvik at NOK 27.60 per share (the ""Subscription Price"") and (ii) for the shares in Mossi  NOK 40 million in an unsecured  interest free seller's credit with a maturity date on 31 December 2025  at which time Kaldvik may choose to settle the seller's credit in cash or in new Kaldvik shares at a price equal to the Subscription Price.Pareto Securities AS has acted as financial advisor  and AGP Advokater AS as legal advisor  to the Company in the negotiations of the terms of the Transaction. ABG Sundal Collier ASA has acted as financial advisor  and Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS as legal advisor  to Heimstø and Osnes in the negotiations of the terms of the Transaction.For further information  please contact:Roy-Tore Rikardsen  CEO: +354 791 0006 (mobile)Robert Robertsson  CFO: +354 843 0086 (mobile)About KaldvikKaldvik AS is one of the leading salmon farmers in Iceland. Kaldvik AS has a well-developed and fully integrated value-chain controlling all steps from hatchery to sales  enabling the group to provide its customers with a sustainable premium product. Kaldvik AS is dual-listed on Euronext Growth Oslo and First North Iceland Growth Market. See https://www.kaldvik.is for more information about the Company.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['fish farming value chain', 'Kaldvik AS', 'key assets', 'acquisition', 'east-coast', 'Iceland', 'First North Iceland Growth Market', 'ABG Sundal Collier ASA', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'unsecured, interest free seller', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'leading salmon farmers', 'sustainable premium product', 'Pareto Securities AS', 'total purchase price', 'new Kaldvik shares', 'promissory note', 'Subscription Price', 'maturity date', 'financial advisor', 'AGP Advokater', 'legal advisor', 'Advokatfirmaet Thommessen', 'Roy-Tore Rikardsen', 'Robert Robertsson', 'disclosure requirements', 'Kaldvik AS', 'Mossi ehf', 'Reykjavik', '25 March', 'Reference', 'announcement', 'Company', '20 December', '28 February', 'agreement', 'Djupskel', 'Bulandstindur', 'Transaction', 'NOK', 'aggregate', 'way', 'issuance', 'conversion', 'consideration', 'credit', '31 December', 'time', 'cash', 'negotiations', 'terms', 'Heimstø', 'Osnes', 'information', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'value-chain', 'steps', 'hatchery', 'sales', 'group', 'customers', 'Section']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49634,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3049045/0/en/SA-Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares-excluding-the-liquidity-agreement-made-on-March-17-2025-to-March-21-2025.html,SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on March 17  2025 to March 21  2025,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on March 17  2025 to March 21  2025      Paris  25 March 2025 –......,COFACE SA: Disclosure of trading in own shares (excluding the liquidity agreement) made on March 17  2025 to March 21  2025Paris  25 March 2025 – 17.45Pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of 16 April 2014 on market abuse1The main features of the 2024-2025 Share Buyback Program have been published on the Company’s website (http://www.coface.com/Investors/Disclosure-requirements  under “Own share transactions”) and are also described in the 2023 Universal Registration Document.Trading sessionof (Date) Numberof shares Weightedaverage price Gross amount MIC Code Purposeof buyback 17/03/2025 9 000 16.9793 € 152 813 € XPAR LTIP 18/03/2025 9 000 17.2133 € 154 920 € XPAR LTIP 19/03/2025 9 000 17.4057 € 156 651 € XPAR LTIP 20/03/2025 9 000 17.4598 € 157 138 € XPAR LTIP 21/03/2025 9 000 17.5953 € 158 357 € XPAR LTIP Total 17/03/2025 - 21/03/2025 45 000 17.3307 € 779 880 € LTIPCONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comRina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA: +33 1 49 02 15 85 – rina.andriamiadantsoa@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2025(subject to change)Q1-2025 results: 5 May 2025 (after market close)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting: 14 May 2025H1-2025 results: 31 July 2025 (after market close)9M-2025 results: 3 November 2025 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website: http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2024 and our 2023 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust.You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEAs a global leading player in trade credit risk management for more than 75 years  Coface helps companies grow and navigate in an uncertain and volatile environment.Whatever their size  location or sector  Coface provides 100 000 clients across some 200 markets. with a full range of solutions: Trade Credit Insurance  Business Information  Debt Collection  Single Risk insurance  Surety Bonds  Factoring.Every day  Coface leverages its unique expertise and cutting-edge technology to make trade happen  in both domestic and export markets.In 2024  Coface employed ~5 236 people and registered a turnover of €1.84 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is listed in Compartment A of Euronext ParisISIN: FR0010667147 / Ticker: COFA1 Also in pursuant to Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 of 8 March 2016 (and updates); Article L.225-209 and seq. of the French Commercial Code; Article L.221-3  Article L.241-1 and seq. of the General Regulation of the French Market Authority (AMF); AMF Recommendation DOC-2017-04 Guide for issuers on their own shares transactions and for stabilization measures.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['liquidity agreement', 'SA', 'Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'March', 'average price Gross amount', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Key financial performance indicators', '2024-2025 Share Buyback Program', 'trade credit risk management', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Own share transactions', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'MIC Code Purpose', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'global leading player', 'Trade Credit Insurance', 'French Commercial Code', 'Interim Financial Report', 'integral regulatory information', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'French Market Authority', 'XPAR LTIP Total', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'General Regulation', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'FOR TRADE', 'stabilization measures', 'regulated information', 'Business Information', 'liquidity agreement', 'main features', 'Date) Number', 'Q1-2025 results', 'H1-2025 results', '9M-2025 results', 'press release', 'Regulated documents', 'blockchain technology', 'volatile environment', 'full range', 'Debt Collection', 'Surety Bonds', 'unique expertise', 'cutting-edge technology', 'shares transactions', 'market abuse1', 'Trading session', 'export markets', 'Euronext Paris', 'AMF Recommendation', 'Article L.', 'COFACE SA', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Rina ANDRIAMIADANTSOA', '200 markets', 'Disclosure', 'March', '16 April', 'Company', 'website', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', '14 May', 'Group', 'APM', 'part', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'companies', 'uncertain', 'size', 'location', 'sector', '100,000 clients', 'solutions', 'Factoring', 'domestic', '~5,236 people', 'turnover', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'updates', 'Guide', 'issuers', 'Attachment', '1 49 02']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49635,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048545/0/en/Notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-in-Pharma-Equity-Group-A-S.html,Notice convening the annual general meeting in Pharma Equity Group A/S,25 March 2025   Announcement no. 3   Notice convening the annual general meeting in Pharma Equity Group A/S    The board of directors hereby convenes...,"25 March 2025Announcement no. 3Notice convening the annual general meeting in Pharma Equity Group A/SThe board of directors hereby convenes the annual general meeting in Pharma Equity Group A/S (“PEG” or the “Company”) to be held on:16 April 2025  at 3.30 PM CESTatWihlborg's CanteensSlotsmarken 15DK-2970 HørsholmThe agenda for the annual general meeting is as follows:The board of directors' report on the Company's activities in the past year Presentation of the audited annual report for approval Discharge to the executive board and the board of directors from liability Adoption of appropriation of profit or loss as proposed by the board of directors Presentation of the remuneration report 2024 for an advisory vote Approval of remuneration to the board of directors for the current financial year Election of the board of directors Election of auditors Any proposals from the shareholders or board of directorsProposal to increase and extend the authorization to issue new shares without pre-emption rights (article 4.1.B) Proposal to grant a one-year extension of the authorization to issue warrants (article 4.2) Proposal to approve an updated remuneration policyAuthorization to the chair of the general meeting Any other businessItem 1 – The board of directors' report on the Company's activities in the past yearThe board of directors proposes that the board of directors' report on the Company’s activities for the past year be noted.Item 2 – Presentation of the audited annual report for approvalThe board of directors proposes that the annual report be approved.Item 3 – Discharge to the executive board and the board of directors from liabilityThe board of directors proposes that discharge of liability be granted to the board of directors and the executive board.Item 4 – Adoption of appropriation of profit or loss as proposed by the board of directorsThe board of directors proposes that the result for the financial year 2024 be carried forward to the next financial year in accordance with the annual report.Item 5 – Presentation of the remuneration report 2024 for an advisory voteThe board of directors proposes that the Company’s remuneration report for the financial year 2024 be approved by an advisory vote.The remuneration report 2024 covers remuneration for the financial year 2024 paid to members of the Company’s board of directors and executive board.Item 6 – Approval of remuneration to the board of directors for the current financial yearThe board of directors proposes that the following cash remuneration for the members of the board of directors for the financial year 2025 be approved:The chair of the board of directors receives DKK 350 000.Members of the board of directors receive DKK 150 000.Members of the board of directors' audit committee  the nomination- and remuneration committee or other committees receive a remuneration of DKK 25 000 in total for all committee work. This does not apply to the chair of the board of directors  who does not receive additional remuneration.Item 7 – Election of the board of directorsAccording to the Company's articles of association  all members of the board of directors are up for election at each year’s annual general meeting.The board of directors proposes re-election of the following board members: Christian Vinding Thomsen (chair)  Omar S. Qandeel  Lars Gundorph and Peter Vilmann.In addition  the board of directors proposes the election of Troels Peter Troelsen and Charlotte Pahl.Information about each candidate  information on the candidates' other managerial duties in commercial undertakings  and information about the candidates' independence is attached.Item 8 - Election of auditorsThe board of directors proposes re-election of BDO STATSAUTORISERET REVISIONSAKTIESELSKAB (“BDO”)  Havneholmen 29  1561 København V  CVR no. 20222670  as the Company’s auditor.The proposal is based on the recommendation from the audit committee. The audit committee’s proposal has not been influenced by third parties and is not subject to contractual obligations restricting the general meeting’s choice of certain auditors or audit firms.Item 9.A – Increase and extension of the authorization to issue new shares without pre-emption rights (article 4.1.B of the articles of association)The board of directors proposes that the current authorization under article 4.1.B to issue new shares without pre-emption rights for the Company's existing shareholders is increased from DKK 29 540 722.40 to DKK 50 000 000 and that the new authorization is given a standard one-year extension until 31 August 2026.Consequently  it is proposed that article 4.1.B will have the following complete wording:""4.1.B. Until 31 August 2026  the board of directors is authorised to increase the company's share capital at one or more times by up to a nominal amount of 50 000 000 shares of DKK 0.1 each. The increase may be implemented by way of full cash contribution  by conversion of debt and/or by contribution of other assets than cash  including by way of contribution of an existing business. The capital must be increased without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders and at least at market price. The new shares must be negotiable instruments. The new shares are not subject to restrictions on transferability or pre-emption rights in connection with future capital increases unless otherwise stated in these articles of association or determined by the general meeting. The new shares must be registered in the name of the holder in the company's register of shareholders; see article 3.2 of these articles of association. The right to dividends and other rights in the company of the new shares will take effect from the date determined by the board of directors at subscription  but no later than from the first financial year after the year in which the capital increase was registered.""Item 9.B – Extension of the authorization to issue warrants (article 4.2 of the articles of association)The board of directors proposes that the authorization to issue warrants pursuant to article 4.2 of the articles of association is given a standard one-year extension. Currently  the board of directors' authorization lapses on 31 August 2025.Consequently  it is proposed that article 4.2 will have the following complete wording:""4.2. Until 31 August 2026  the board of directors is authorised to allow the company to issue warrants at one or more times. The warrants must not grant the right to subscribe for shares in the company of a nominal value exceeding DKK 5 000 000. The warrants must be issued without pre-emption rights for existing shareholders and on an arm's length basis; however  the board of directors is entitled to issue shares in the company at a favourable price with respect to shares of a nominal value of DKK 500 000. At the same time  the board of directors is authorised to implement capital increases in the company at one or more times in connection with any future exercise of the above warrants. The capital must be increased without pre-emption rights for the company's existing shareholders. The new shares must be negotiable instruments and will be registered in the name of the holder in the company's register of shareholders; see article 3.2 of these articles of association. The board of directors determines the subscription price in connection with the issue of the warrants. The subscription price must never fall below the market price at the date of issue; however  the board of directors is entitled to issue shares in the company at a favourable price with respect to shares of a nominal value of DKK 500 000. The new shares must be fully paid up. The right to dividends and other rights in the company of the new shares will take effect from the date determined by the board of directors  but no later than from the first financial year after the year in which the capital increase was registered.""Item 9.C – Proposal to approve an updated remuneration policyThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting approves an updated remuneration policy  in order to include an option to grant variable remuneration to the board of directors The proposed updated Remuneration Policy is attached hereto.Item 10 – Authorization to the chair of the general meetingThe board of directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes the chair of the general meeting  with a right of substitution  to file the resolutions adopted with the Danish Business Authority and to make any such amendments as the Danish Business Authority may require in order to register or approve the resolutions adopted.Item 11 - Any other business-oOo-Majority requirementsThe proposals under items 9.A and 9.B requires adoption by at least 2/3 of the votes cast as well as the share capital represented at the general meeting. All other proposals may be adopted by simple majority  noting that the proposal under item 5 is solely up for an advisory vote.Amount of share capital and shareholders’ voting rights and participationAt the time of this notice convening the general meeting  the Company’s total share capital is a nominal amount of DKK 122 755 665.90 divided into 1 227 556 659 shares of DKK 0.1 each. The Company’s shares are admitted to trading and official listing on Nasdaq Copenhagen A/S and issued in paperless form through VP SECURITIES A/S (Euronext Securities).Each share of DKK 0.1 gives one vote at the general meeting.The shareholders’ right to attend and vote at the general meeting is determined on the basis of the shares held by such shareholders at the record date. The record date is one week before the general meeting. The shares held by the individual shareholders are determined at the record date on the basis of information on the shareholder's shareholding in the register of shareholders and notices of ownership received by the Company for the purpose of being registered in the register of shareholders  but which have not yet been registered in such a register. The record date is Wednesday  9 April 2025.In order to attend the general meeting  a shareholder must have notified his or her participation to the general meeting in writing to the Company’s office no later than three days before the general meeting  i.e. no later than on Saturday  12 April 2025 at 23:59 (Danish time).Participation is also conditional on the shareholder having obtained an admission card in a timely manner as described below.Admission cards  postal votes and proxyEvery shareholder  or proxy of a shareholder  must have an admission card in order to attend the general meeting. Up until Saturday  12 April 2025 at 23:59 (Danish time)  admission cards to the general meeting may be requested via the Company's website: www.pharmaequitygroup.dk  on VP SECURITIES A/S' (Euronext Securities) website: https://euronext.com/cph-agm  or by written request via e-mail at CPH-investor@euronext.com. After this time  admission cards cannot be booked. Any advisors to shareholders must also be registered by name and within the same period of time to obtain admission cards for the general meeting.Instead of casting their votes at the general meeting itself  shareholders may choose to vote by post (e-mail). Shareholders who chooses to vote by post must send their postal vote to the Company by e-mail at CPH-investor@euronext.com or register the postal vote on VP SECURITIES A/S' (Euronext Securities) website: https://euronext.com/cph-agm  so that the postal vote is received by the Company no later than Tuesday  15 April 2025 at 12:00 (noon) (Danish time). The postal voting form can be found on www.pharmaequitygroup.dk. A postal vote received by the Company cannot be revoked.Any shareholder may attend the general meeting by proxy  who must present a written and dated proxy. The proxy form can be found on www.pharmaequitygroup.dk. When submitting a proxy  the completed and signed proxy form must reach the Company no later than on Saturday  12 April 2025  at 23:59 (Danish time). The proxy can be sent to the Company by e-mail on CPH-investor@euronext.com or be registered on https://euronext.com/cph-agm.Additional InformationAs of today  (i) this notice  (ii) information on the total number of shares and voting rights in the Company on the date of this notice (contained herein)  (iii) the documents to be presented at the general meeting  (iv) the agenda and the complete proposals (contained herein)  and (v) the proxy and postal voting forms will be available on the Company's website www.pharmaequitygroup.dk.Data ProtectionPEG will  as part of your communication and interaction with you  collect and process personal data about you. You can read more about our privacy notice at https://pharmaequitygroup.com/privacy-policy/.Questions from shareholdersPrior to the general meeting  shareholders may submit written questions until Saturday  12 April 2025 at 23:59 (Danish time) to the Company's management on all matters that are of importance for the assessment of the Company's position or on the matters to be decided at the general meeting  as well as on the Company's relationship with the Group's companies. Questions can be sent to: investor@pharmaequitygroup.com.Sincerely Pharma Equity Group A/SThe board of directorsAttachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Pharma Equity Group A/S', 'annual general meeting', 'Notice', 'Pharma Equity Group A/S', ""candidates' other managerial duties"", 'current financial year Election', 'Christian Vinding Thomsen', 'Omar S. Qandeel', 'København V', 'following complete wording', 'Troels Peter Troelsen', 'BDO STATSAUTORISERET REVISIONSAKTIESELSKAB', 'next financial year', 'annual general meeting', 'standard one-year extension', 'full cash contribution', 'following cash remuneration', ""directors' audit committee"", 'following board members', ""candidates' independence"", 'other business', 'other committees', 'annual report', 'Peter Vilmann', 'current authorization', 'past year', 'audit firms', 'committee work', 'Canteens Slotsmarken', 'Hørsholm', 'advisory vote', 'pre-emption rights', 'Lars Gundorph', 'Charlotte Pahl', 'commercial undertakings', 'third parties', 'contractual obligations', 'share capital', 'nominal amount', 'remuneration committee', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'remuneration policy', 'additional remuneration', 'existing shareholders', 'new authorization', 'executive board', ""directors' report"", 'article 4.1.B', '50,000,000 shares', 'B.', '25 March', 'Announcement', 'Notice', 'PEG', 'Company', 'April', 'CEST', 'Wihlborg', 'DK', 'agenda', 'activities', 'Presentation', 'approval', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'Adoption', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'loss', 'auditors', 'proposals', 'warrants', 'updated', 'chair', 'Item', 'result', 'accordance', 'total', 'articles', 'association', 'Information', 'Havneholmen', 'CVR', 'recommendation', 'choice', 'Increase', '31 August', 'times', 'way', 'conversion', 'debt', 'assets', '3.30']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49636,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048408/0/en/dsm-firmenich-showcases-integrated-approach-to-sustainability-and-business-performance-at-Sustainability-Investor-Day.html,dsm-firmenich showcases integrated approach to sustainability and business performance at Sustainability Investor Day,Press Release   dsm-firmenich showcases integrated approach to sustainability and business performance at Sustainability Investor Day   Kaiseraugst......,Press Releasedsm-firmenich showcases integrated approach to sustainability and business performance at Sustainability Investor DayKaiseraugst (Switzerland)  Maastricht (Netherlands)  March 25  2025dsm-firmenich  innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  will today hold its Sustainability Investor Day in Kaiseraugst. At the event  the company will present its strategic approach to sustainability to investors  analysts and other stakeholders. Senior company representatives will highlight how sustainability is embedded in dsm-firmenich’s business strategy  how it drives business performance  and how it provides shareholders with long-term sustainable returns.Dimitri de Vreeze  CEO  commented: “Addressing key consumer demands such as preventative health  healthier diets and food  hygiene  sanitation  and overall well-being  fuels our future business opportunities  and at the same time creates a beneficial impact and progress for people and planet. Our highly complementary business units are strongly positioned to harness our innovation potential and capitalize on these macro trends that are shaping the future. We support customers across the globe to provide consumers with innovative solutions that enhance their lives  thereby unlocking significant market potential in the coming years.”The unique combination of macro drivers  innovation capabilities  strategic investments  and creative talent will further cement dsm-firmenich’s global leadership in nutrition  health  and beauty. By leveraging our innovation capacity and industry-leading solutions portfolio  the company is uniquely positioned to capture the opportunities that lie ahead. As such  in the mid-term  sustainability is a key driver that underpins the company’s organic growth ambition of 5-7%.At dsm-firmenich  sustainability is not just a business strategy or a means to manage risk  but is also embedded at the core of the company's values and operations. Recognizing that with capability comes responsibility  the company drives progress for people and the planet with passion and dedication. By combining world-class science  human inventiveness  and a solid foundation of sustainability  dsm-firmenich delivers transformative solutions that address consumer concerns  enrich lives responsibly  capitalize on future trends  and reinforce its position as a global leader in sustainability.Today’s Sustainability Investor Day will be hosted by Chief Executive Officer Dimitri de Vreeze  Chief Financial Officer Ralf Schmeitz  and Chief Sustainability Officer Katharina Stenholm. Senior sustainability experts and representatives of various business units and scientists will provide in-depth sessions about their fields. The event will be attended by some 50 investors and sell-side analysts.The presentation materials and recordings of the Sustainability Investor Day will start becoming available on March 26 as of 12:00 CET: https://sustainability.dsm-firmenich.com/en/sustainability/esg-investor-event-2025.htmlAbout dsm-firmenichAs innovators in nutrition  health  and beauty  dsm-firmenich reinvents  manufactures  and combines vital nutrients  flavors  and fragrances for the world’s growing population to thrive. With our comprehensive range of solutions  with natural and renewable ingredients and renowned science and technology capabilities  we work to create what is essential for life  desirable for consumers  and more sustainable for the planet. dsm-firmenich is a Swiss company with dual headquarters in Kaiseraugst  Switzerland and Maastricht  Netherlands  listed on the Euronext Amsterdam  with operations in almost 60 countries and revenues of more than €12 billion. With a diverse  worldwide team of nearly 30 000 employees  we bring progress to life every day  everywhere  for billions of people.www.dsm-firmenich.comFor more informationMedia relationsRobin Roothanstel. +41 (0)79 280 03 96e-mail media@dsm-firmenich.comInvestor relationsDave Huizingtel. +31 (0)88 425 7306e-mail investors@dsm-firmenich.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to dsm-firmenich’s future performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of dsm-firmenich and information currently available to the company. dsm-firmenich cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance  transaction progress and positions to differ materially from these statements. dsm-firmenich has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. This communication contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The English language version of this press release prevails over other language versions.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Sustainability Investor Day', 'integrated approach', 'business performance', 'dsm-firmenich', 'Chief Executive Officer Dimitri de Vreeze', 'Chief Financial Officer Ralf Schmeitz', 'Chief Sustainability Officer Katharina Stenholm', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'long-term sustainable returns', 'significant market potential', 'organic growth ambition', 'diverse, worldwide team', 'English language version', 'other language versions', 'complementary business units', 'various business units', 'key consumer demands', 'industry-leading solutions portfolio', 'Senior sustainability experts', 'Sustainability Investor Day', 'future business opportunities', 'Senior company representatives', 'Investor relations', 'other stakeholders', 'innovation potential', 'key driver', 'consumer concerns', 'business performance', 'business strategy', 'Press Release', 'integrated approach', 'strategic approach', 'healthier diets', 'overall well-being', 'same time', 'beneficial impact', 'macro trends', 'innovative solutions', 'coming years', 'unique combination', 'macro drivers', 'innovation capabilities', 'strategic investments', 'creative talent', 'global leadership', 'innovation capacity', 'human inventiveness', 'solid foundation', 'transformative solutions', 'future trends', 'depth sessions', 'presentation materials', 'vital nutrients', 'growing population', 'comprehensive range', 'renewable ingredients', 'renowned science', 'technology capabilities', 'dual headquarters', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Media relations', 'Robin Roothans', 'Dave Huizing', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'actual performance', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Swiss company', 'preventative health', 'transaction progress', 'inside information', 'mail investors', '50 investors', 'dsm-firmenich', 'Kaiseraugst', 'Switzerland', 'Maastricht', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'innovators', 'nutrition', 'beauty', 'analysts', 'shareholders', 'CEO', 'food', 'hygiene', 'sanitation', 'people', 'planet', 'customers', 'globe', 'consumers', 'lives', 'means', 'risk', 'core', 'values', 'operations', 'capability', 'responsibility', 'passion', 'dedication', 'position', 'scientists', 'fields', 'recordings', '12:00 CET', 'esg-investor-event', 'flavors', 'fragrances', 'natural', 'life', '60 countries', 'revenues', '30,000 employees', 'billions', 'tel', 'respect', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'law', 'communication', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Attachment']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048406/0/en/ABC-arbitrage-2024-Results.html,ABC arbitrage: 2024 Results,Press release - Paris  March 25  2025 07:00AM  ABC arbitrage  2024 Results¹: €26.8 m (+63%)ROE 2024: 16.4% | Per share distribution 2024: €0.34     ...,"Press release - Paris  March 25  2025 07:00AMABC arbitrage2024 Results¹: €26.8 m (+63%)ROE 2024: 16.4% | Per share distribution 2024: €0.34The Board of Directors of ABC arbitrage  presided by the Chairman Dominique Ceolin  met on March 20  2025 to approve the consolidated financial statements for year 2024¹. Key financial data are as follows:In millions of euros Dec. 31  2024 IFRS Dec. 31  2023 IFRS Dec. 31  2022 IFRS Net revenues €51.2 m €39.3 m €61.2 m Net income €26.8 m €16.5 m €29.2 m Earnings per share (EPS) €0.45 €0.28 €0.49 Return on equity (ROE) 16.4 % 10.6 % 18.0 % Equity €164 m €155 m €162 mContext - The 2024 financial year showed  on average  volatility similar to that of 2023  significantly below its 10-year average. While the mergers & acquisitions sector experienced an increase in activity of approximately 15%  capital market operations carried out by issuers remain well below the levels observed prior to the onset of large-scale central bank interventions starting in 2015. Lastly  trading volumes by investors across global markets were comparable to those seen in 2023. These indicators  which remain key for the Group’s business activity  continue to be generally unfavourable  despite occasional spikes in volatility during the second half of the year. Among the more positive developments in the second semester  both the volumes and volatility of digital assets (such as Bitcoin) rose sharply in the final quarter of 2024.Business Performance - The 2024 financial result is broadly in line with prevailing market conditions. The second half of the year showed a marked increase in the pace of activity compared with the second semester 2023  supported by a volatility environment that included some more favourable periods. Most of the growth in recurring trading income stems from structural progress in strategies launched under the ""ABC 2022"" plan  as well as encouraging developments in those introduced as part of the ""Springboard 2025"" plan. As a reminder  activity in digital assets resumed in March 2024 and benefited from the US presidential elections  contributing to the gains achieved over the year. On a more marginal basis  the positive trend in interest rates also led to an additional contribution of approximately €2 million to recurring operating income. The third-party asset management business remains well below the Group’s ambitions  with a total of €251 million in assets under management as of March 1  2025. To address this situation  ABC arbitrage Asset Management  the Group’s asset management subsidiary  adapted its products in the second half of 2024 to maximise performance  even in adverse market conditions. Lastly  the 2024 net result includes an exceptional amount of €5.7 million  as explained in the Trading Update of 21 January.Dividend Policy in 2024 - A quarterly distribution policy has been in place since 2019.Interim dividend of €0.10 per share distributed in October 2024 and an interim dividend of €0.10 per share distributed in December 2024;per share distributed in October 2024 and an interim dividend of per share distributed in December 2024; Interim dividend on 2024 results of €0.10 per share on 22 April 2025  with payment on 24 April 2025;per share on 22 April 2025  with payment on 24 April 2025; The Board plans to propose a final dividend of €0.04 per share at the Annual General Meeting;per share at the Annual General Meeting; The total distribution for the 2024 financial year would thus amount to €0.34 per share  representing a payout ratio (POR) of close to 80% of consolidated net income and a yield of 7.1% (based on the share price as of 31 December 2024);per share  representing a payout ratio (POR) of close to 80% of consolidated net income and a yield of 7.1% (based on the share price as of 31 December 2024); The Board confirms its intention to distribute €0.10 per share in October and again in December 2025.Outlook - With the 2024 financial year  ABC arbitrage marks 30 consecutive years of achieving an average return on equity (ROE) above 15%. In the first quarter of 2025  markets have been influenced by the change in the U.S. presidency. Notably since mid-February  in light of the new geopolitical  economic and military landscape  volatility has risen to levels close to its historical average. Despite assets under management remaining stable  the Group is benefiting both from the internal progress made in 2024 and from current market conditions. As a result  ABC arbitrage is recording a monthly activity pace in Q1 2025 that is above the 2024 average  by approximately 10%.In this final year of the ""Springboard 2025"" plan  the Group continues its strategic roadmap by maintaining its R&D investments in support of strategy diversification. At the beginning of the year  the combination of mounting global concerns and high valuations in certain sectors is significantly increasing the likelihood of sustained volatility. Should this environment persist  it would be favourable to the Group’s activities. However  central banks are expected to remain actively involved throughout 2025. This will naturally be taken into account in the development of the next strategic plan  which will begin in 2026 and be presented at the start of the next financial year. In the meantime  the current year provides the Group with an opportunity to pursue the commitments of the ""Springboard 2025"" plan and to consolidate the progress achieved in 2024.As of the date of this press release  the work of the financial auditors is being finalised.Internet - www.abc-arbitrage.comRelations actionnaires - actionnaires@abc-arbitrage.comRelations presse - VERBATEE / v.sabineu@verbatee.comEURONEXT Paris - Compartiment BISIN - FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.25,0.42,True,English,"['ABC arbitrage', '2024 Results', 'large-scale central bank interventions', 'third-party asset management business', 'ABC arbitrage Asset Management', 'asset management subsidiary', 'Chairman Dominique Ceolin', 'capital market operations', 'prevailing market conditions', 'US presidential elections', 'adverse market conditions', 'Annual General Meeting', 'U.S. presidency', 'new geopolitical, economic', 'current market conditions', 'R&D investments', 'recurring operating income', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Key financial data', 'consolidated net income', 'recurring trading income', 'quarterly distribution policy', 'monthly activity pace', 'central banks', 'Dividend Policy', 'Net revenues', 'ABC 2022"" plan', 'Trading Update', 'business activity', 'Business Performance', '2024 net result', 'Press release', 'acquisitions sector', 'occasional spikes', 'second half', 'second semester', 'final quarter', '2024 financial result', 'favourable periods', 'structural progress', 'Springboard 2025"" plan', 'marginal basis', 'positive trend', 'interest rates', 'additional contribution', 'exceptional amount', 'Interim dividend', 'final dividend', 'payout ratio', '30 consecutive years', 'first quarter', 'military landscape', 'internal progress', 'strategic roadmap', 'strategy diversification', 'global concerns', 'high valuations', 'trading volumes', 'total distribution', '2024 financial year', '10-year average', 'historical average', 'share distribution', 'global markets', 'positive developments', 'digital assets', 'marked increase', 'final year', 'sustained volatility', 'average return', 'share price', '2024 IFRS Dec.', 'volatility environment', 'The Board', '2024 average', '2023 IFRS', 'Paris', 'March', '2024 Results', 'ROE', 'Directors', 'millions', 'euros', 'Earnings', 'EPS', 'equity', 'Context', 'mergers', 'issuers', 'levels', 'onset', 'investors', 'indicators', 'Group', 'Bitcoin', 'line', 'growth', 'strategies', 'reminder', 'gains', 'ambitions', 'situation', 'products', '21 January', 'place', 'October', 'December', '22 April', 'payment', '24 April', 'POR', 'yield', 'intention', 'Outlook', 'change', 'mid-February', 'light', 'Q1', 'beginning', 'combination', 'mounting', 'sectors', 'likelihood', 'activities', '16.4']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048443/0/en/Nexans-wins-major-frame-agreement-with-RTE-to-supply-high-voltage-cables-for-offshore-wind-farms-in-France.html,Nexans wins major frame agreement with RTE to supply high-voltage cables for offshore wind farms in France,Nexans wins major frame agreement with RTE to supply high-voltage cables for offshore wind farms in France    _PRESS RELEASE_   Nexans has secured a...,Nexans wins major frame agreement with RTE to supply high-voltage cables for offshore wind farms in France_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans has secured a major framework agreement with RTE for the design  manufacturing  and supply of HVDC cables  which will be used to connect the Centre Manche 1 & 2 and Oléron offshore wind farms to the French transmission network.The framework agreement covers the supply of 450 km of high-voltage subsea cables and 280 km of high-voltage onshore cables.This is another step in Nexans’ contribution to bringing France closer to its target of 45 GW offshore wind capacity by 2050.The framework agreement is valued above €1 billion  depending on the final quantities to be agreed upon and the subcontractors to be appointed during the next phase leading to the signature of each EPCI contract.Paris  March 25th  2025 - Nexans  a global leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services  has secured a major framework agreement with RTE (Réseau de Transport d'Electricité)  France’s Transmission System Operator. The frame agreement includes the supply  installation  and commissioning of 450 km of high-voltage direct current (HVDC) subsea cables and 280 km of high-voltage direct current (HVDC) onshore cables to support the connection of three offshore wind farms  the Center Manche 1 & 2 and Oléron  to the French transmission network.The value of the agreement is above €1 billion  depending on the final quantities to be agreed upon and the subcontractors to be appointed during the next phase leading to the signature of each EPCI contract. With this new framework agreement  Nexans continues to play a central role in Europe’s energy transition efforts  supplying high-voltage cables to meet growing demands. The agreement aligns with France’s updated offshore wind targets of achieving 45 GW of capacity by 2050.As a key player in the global transition to a more connected and sustainable future  the frame agreement also underscores Nexans' leadership in delivering advanced technology infrastructure for large-scale energy projects. This selection also highlights Nexans continued investment in grid infrastructure  further demonstrating its capacity to execute innovative projects in the field of renewable energy.Christopher Guérin  CEO of Nexans: “This landmark agreement with RTE reinforces Nexans’ position at the forefront of the energy transition in Europe. By delivering state-of-the-art transmission solutions  we are not only supporting France’s ambitious offshore wind targets but also strengthening the resilience and sustainability of the power grid. Nexans remains committed to enabling a more connected and sustainable future  leveraging our expertise to drive forward the large-scale renewable energy projects that will define tomorrow’s energy landscape.”“We are proud to be awarded by RTE for this frame agreement ” said Pascal Radue  EVP of Nexans’ Power Transmission. “This contract not only reinforces our strong partnership with RTE but also demonstrates our ongoing commitment to supporting France’s ambitious offshore wind and energy transition goals.”About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2024  Nexans generated €7.1 billion in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: PWR-Transmission  PWR-Grid  PWR-Connect and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:Communication Investor relationsMael Evin (Havas Paris) Audrey BourgeoisTel.: +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91 Tel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 00 43nexans_h@havas.com audrey.bourgeois@nexans.comOlivier DabanOlivier.daban@nexans.comIlham DahouIlham.dahou@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.36,0.64,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['major frame agreement', 'offshore wind farms', 'high-voltage cables', 'Nexans', 'RTE', 'France', 'Oléron offshore wind farms', 'Réseau de Transport', 'four main business areas', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'three offshore wind farms', 'ambitious offshore wind targets', 'large-scale renewable energy projects', '45 GW offshore wind capacity', 'French transmission network', 'Transmission System Operator', 'large-scale energy projects', 'Christopher Guérin', 'high-voltage direct current', 'advanced technology infrastructure', 'high-voltage subsea cables', 'high-voltage onshore cables', 'HVDC) subsea cables', 'HVDC) onshore cables', 'energy transition efforts', 'art transmission solutions', 'energy transition goals', 'major framework agreement', 'major frame agreement', 'new framework agreement', 'Nexans’ Power Transmission', 'high-voltage cables', 'HVDC cables', 'innovative projects', 'global transition', 'grid infrastructure', 'power grid', 'energy landscape', 'new world', 'landmark agreement', 'Centre Manche', 'final quantities', 'next phase', 'March 25th', 'cable systems', 'Center Manche', 'central role', 'growing demands', 'key player', 'Pascal Radue', 'strong partnership', 'ongoing commitment', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', 'standard sales', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'climate action', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'Mael Evin', 'EPCI contract', 'global leader', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable future', 'Nexans’ contribution', ""Nexans' leadership"", 'Nexans’ position', 'Havas Paris', 'Audrey Bourgeois', 'Olivier Daban', 'Ilham Dahou', 'RTE', 'France', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'supply', '450 km', '280 km', 'step', 'subcontractors', 'signature', 'services', 'Electricité', 'installation', 'commissioning', 'connection', 'value', 'Europe', 'connected', 'selection', 'investment', 'field', 'CEO', 'forefront', 'state', 'resilience', 'sustainability', 'expertise', 'tomorrow', 'EVP', 'electrification', 'planet', '28,500 people', '41 countries', 'way', 'everyone', 'PWR-Transmission', 'PWR-Grid', 'PWR-Connect', 'Industry', 'Foundation', 'access', 'SBTi', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048693/0/en/New-research-showcases-Wolters-Kluwer-s-expert-solutions-journey.html,New research showcases Wolters Kluwer’s expert solutions journey,PRESS RELEASE  New research showcases Wolters Kluwer’s expert solutions journey   The working paper by MIT CISR explores Wolters Kluwer’s...,"PRESS RELEASENew research showcases Wolters Kluwer’s expert solutions journeyThe working paper by MIT CISR explores Wolters Kluwer’s transformation from publisher to global expert solutions providerNEW YORK – March 25  2025 – Researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Center for Information Systems Research (MIT CISR) have published “Wolters Kluwer’s Expert Solutions Journey ” a paper that explores through the lens of one of its five divisions the company’s transformation—primarily via its concerted use of data  analytics and artificial intelligence technologies—to evolve from its longstanding role as publisher of professional journals into a global  expert solutions provider. The paper cites the instrumental role that Wolters Kluwer CEO and Chair of the Executive Board Nancy McKinstry has played in championing the company’s digital transformation through the implementation of an expert solutions strategy  which today accounts for 59 percent of total revenues.According to the paper  Wolters Kluwer defines expert solutions as offerings “that combine deep domain knowledge with technology to deliver both content and workflow automation to drive improved outcomes and productivity for our customers"" and cites their development to be a key part of the company’s successful strategy.“The Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance division exemplifies how the company was able to capitalize on digital business opportunities by leveraging its experience in content and service delivery ” writes Barbara H. Wixom  Principal Research Scientist  MIT CISR.The research demonstrates how Wolters Kluwer’s transformation from publisher to global provider of professional information  software solutions  and services coincided with McKinstry taking the reins in 2003. Under her leadership  Wolters Kluwer leveled its focus on the standardization and consolidation of its many business services after having grown significantly through acquisitions over the previous 10 years. Next  the paper notes the company began investing 8-10% of revenues back into new and enhanced product development. By the early 2010s  it adopted an enterprise-wide strategy to develop and deliver expert solutions.These developments led the Financial & Corporate Compliance (FCC) division to form a group in 2012 known today as Operations & Decision Science. The researchers found this group was established to support the division’s fulfillment and content operations; collect and analyze customer and market insights; and use data  analytics  and later artificial intelligence to drive revenue growth.“The establishment of Operations & Decision Science brought like-minded professionals in the division together across design  data  and fulfillment and regulatory compliance operations ” says Abhishek Mittal  Vice President  Operations & Decision Science  Financial & Corporate Compliance. “This allowed us to more easily harness this expertise and use it to add value across the FCC division.”The Operations & Decision Science group  in partnership with its FCC business partners and Wolters Kluwer’s Global Business Services and Digital eXperience Group  has been instrumental in helping the FCC division strengthen its fulfillment and content operations  adopt new technologies  and bring expert solutions to market. Some highlights of this work featured in the paper include:Service of Process (SOP) Transformation: This work addressed the complexities of manually processing millions of legal notices  enabling FCC operators to efficiently process these notices and generate transmittal documents for customers.This work addressed the complexities of manually processing millions of legal notices  enabling FCC operators to efficiently process these notices and generate transmittal documents for customers. Implementation of AI: The FCC division used various machine learning algorithms and natural language processing techniques to improve operational outcomes as well as develop new products like OneSumX ® ProViso  a solution to help financial institutions develop  maintain and prove compliance with legal obligations to U.S. federal and state regulators.The FCC division used various machine learning algorithms and natural language processing techniques to improve operational outcomes as well as develop new products like OneSumX ProViso  a solution to help financial institutions develop  maintain and prove compliance with legal obligations to U.S. federal and state regulators. Adoption of Generative AI (GenAI): The FCC division has embraced the technology to develop solutions that support internal processes like a tool for drafting summaries of new laws and regulations to customer solutions like iLien Borrower Analytics  an AI-powered offering that helps lenders streamline the associated processes of lien search and due diligence when onboarding borrowers.Learn more about this work and how the FCC division has helped Wolters Kluwer on its expert solutions journey in MIT CISR’s paper “Wolters Kluwer’s Expert Solutions Journey.”###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media ContactsDavid FeiderAssociate Director  External CommunicationsFinancial & Corporate ComplianceWolters KluwerOffice +1 612-246-9454david.feider@wolterskluwer.comStefan KloetAssociate Director  Global CommunicationsWolters Kluwer+316 12 22 36 57Stefan.kloet@wolterskluwer.comAttachment",neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['expert solutions journey', 'New research', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'various machine learning algorithms', 'natural language processing techniques', 'global expert solutions provider', 'global, expert solutions provider', 'The Wolters Kluwer Financial', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Barbara H. Wixom', 'U.S. federal', 'digital business opportunities', 'Global Business Services', 'expert solutions journey', 'many business services', 'FCC business partners', 'Principal Research Scientist', 'enhanced product development', 'expert solutions strategy', 'Information Systems Research', 'iLien Borrower Analytics', 'artificial intelligence technologies', 'Wolters Kluwer CEO', 'The FCC division', 'regulatory compliance operations', 'Digital eXperience Group', 'global provider', 'Decision Science group', 'Corporate Compliance division', 'The Operations', 'software solutions', 'professional information', 'new technologies', 'successful strategy', 'enterprise-wide strategy', 'FCC operators', 'customer solutions', 'New research', 'digital transformation', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Massachusetts Institute', 'five divisions', 'concerted use', 'longstanding role', 'professional journals', 'instrumental role', 'Executive Board', 'workflow automation', 'improved outcomes', 'key part', 'previous 10 years', 'early 2010s', 'revenue growth', 'minded professionals', 'Abhishek Mittal', 'Vice President', 'transmittal documents', 'operational outcomes', 'OneSumX ® ProViso', 'financial institutions', 'legal obligations', 'state regulators', 'OneSumX ProViso', 'internal processes', 'AI-powered offering', 'associated processes', 'lien search', 'due diligence', 'NEW YORK', 'new products', 'new laws', 'MIT CISR', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'total revenues', 'service delivery', 'market insights', 'legal notices', 'Generative AI', 'SOP) Transformation', 'Technology Center', 'content operations', 'working paper', 'publisher', 'March', 'Researchers', 'lens', 'company', 'data', 'Chair', 'implementation', '59 percent', 'offerings', 'productivity', 'customers', 'reins', 'leadership', 'focus', 'standardization', 'consolidation', 'acquisitions', 'developments', 'fulfillment', 'establishment', 'design', 'expertise', 'value', 'partnership', 'highlights', 'complexities', 'millions', 'Adoption', 'GenAI', 'tool', 'summaries', 'regulations', 'lenders', 'borrowers']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3049029/0/en/Notice-of-Extraordinary-General-Meeting-of-Jyske-Bank-A-S.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Jyske Bank A/S,This is to give notice of an Extraordinary General Meeting of Jyske Bank A/S  which will be held on Thursday  24 April 2025  at 3:00 p.m. at Vestergade 8-16  8600 Silkeborg  Denmark (entrance via Jyske Bank’s visitor entrance situated at Bankpassagen).,This is to give notice of an Extraordinary General Meeting of Jyske Bank A/S  which will be held on Thursday  24 April 2025  at 3:00 p.m. at Vestergade 8-16  8600 Silkeborg  Denmark (entrance via Jyske Bank’s visitor entrance situated at Bankpassagen).At the Annual General Meeting held on 25 March 2025  the motions to amend the Articles of Association were adopted.However  the members in general meeting with a right to vote represented less than 90% of the share capital  whereforethe final adoption of the proposed amendments to the Articles of Association is subject to adoption at an extraordinary general meeting.The AGENDA for consideration and final adoption:a. Motions proposed by the Supervisory Board: 1 Reduction of Jyske Bank’s nominal share capital by DKK 27 651 180 (corresponding to 2 765 118 shares at a nominal value of DKK 10) from DKK 642 720 950 to DKK 615 069 770. With reference to S.188(1) of the Danish Companies Act we point out that the capital reduction takes place through cancellation of previously acquired own shares acquired by Jyske Bank in accordance with authorisation from members in general meeting. Hence  the capital reduction is spent on payment of capital owners.If the motion is adopted  Jyske Bank's holding of own shares will be reduced by 2 765 118 shares of a nominal value of DKK 10 These shares have been bought back at a total amount of DKK 1 499 999 584 which implies that  apart from the nominal capital reduction  a total amount of DKK 1 472 348 404 has been paid to the capital owners in connection with the buy-backs. The capital reduction takes place at a share premium since it will be at 542.47 for each share of a nominal amount of DKK 10  corresponding to the average price at which the shares have been bought back.In consequence of the above  the following amendment to the Articles of Association is proposed:Art. 2 to be amended to the effect that Jyske Bank’s nominal share capital be DKK 615 069 770 distributed on 61 506 977 shares. 2 Amendments to Art. 3(8)  Art. 4(2) and (3)  Art. 5(1) and (2) and Art. 24(2): “VP Securities Services” to be changed into “VP Securities A/S”. 3 To replace the existing authorizations in the Articles of Association  the Supervisory Board is authorized to carry out capital increases with and without pre-emption rights and to raise convertible loans with and without pre-emption rights by amending Art. 4(2)  (3) and (5)  Art. 5(1)  (2)  (3) and (4) of the Articles of Association. The amendments are considered together and are proposed to be changed to the following wording: - Art. 4(2): As specified by the Supervisory Board in respect of time and terms and conditions  the share capital can be increased through the subscription of new shares without preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders. The increase may be in one or several issues by not more than a nominal amount of DKK 60m (6 million shares of a face value of DKK 10). The increase may be effected through cash payment or through acquisition of existing businesses or specific assets. The increase must in every case be effected not below the market price. The increase cannot be effected through part payment. The authorisation will be effective until 1 March 2030.The new shares shall when issued and transferred be registered in the names of their holders at VP Securities A/S and in the Bank's register of shareholders. The new shares are negotiable instruments  and there are no restrictions in their negotiability except for the provisions laid down in Art. 3 of the Articles of Association. Shareholders shall be under no obligation to have their shares redeemed in full or in part. - Art. 4(3): As specified by the Supervisory Board in respect of time and terms and conditions  the share capital can be increased through the subscription of new shares with preferential subscription rights for existing shareholders. The increase may be in one or several issues by not more than a nominal amount of DKK 120m (12 million shares of a face value of DKK 10). The increase may be effected through cash payment or in any other manner. The increase may be offered at a favourable price. The increase cannot be effected through part payment. The authorisation will be effective until 1 March 2030.The new shares shall when issued and transferred be registered in the names of their holders at VP Securities A/S and in the Bank's register of shareholders. The new shares are negotiable instruments  and there are no restrictions in their negotiability except for the provisions laid down in Art. 3 of the Articles of Association. Shareholders shall be under no obligation to have their shares redeemed in full or in part. - Art. 4(5): To be deleted. - Art. 5(1): The Bank may  following resolution by the Supervisory Board  up to 1 March 2030  on one or more occasions raise loans against bonds or other instruments of debt which bonds or instruments of debt shall entitle the lender to convert his claim into shares (convertible loans) and the Supervisory Board is authorised to carry out the related capital increase. Convertible loans may be raised with a conversion right to a maximum number of shares with a total nominal value corresponding to the maximum nominal amount at the time of raising the convertible loans by which the share capital may be increased using the remaining authorization in Art. 4(3)  calculated in relation to the conversion price determined at the time of raising the convertible loans. Exercising the authorisation to increase the share capital in Art. 4(3)  will hence reduce the authorisation to raise convertible loans in accordance with this provision. The Bank’s shareholders shall have a preferential subscription right to convertible loans. Where the Supervisory Board decides to raise convertible loans  when exercising the authorization in this provision  the authorisation to increase the share capital  cf. Art. 4(3)  shall be considered to be utilised by an amount corresponding to the maximum conversion right. The term allowed for conversion may be fixed at a period exceeding five years after the raising of the convertible loan. For shares which shall be issued on the basis of the convertible loans mentioned in this provision  the Supervisory Board shall decide – with due regard to the time of subscription or utilisation of the conversion right – the time from when such new shares shall carry a right to receive dividend and other terms and conditions of the share issue. Shares issued on the basis of the convertible loans mentioned in this provision cannot be paid in by partial payment  are registered shares and are registered in the name of the holder in VP Securities A/S and the Bank's register of shareholders upon issuance and transfer. The new shares are negotiable instruments and the same rules as apply to the existing shares in respect of rights and duties  redeemability and transferability shall apply. - Art. 5(2): The Bank may  following resolution by the Supervisory Board  up to 1 March 2030  on one or more occasions raise loans against bonds or other instruments of debt which bonds or instruments of debt shall entitle the lender to convert his claim into shares (convertible loans) and the Supervisory Board is authorised to carry out the related capital increase. Convertible loans may be raised with a conversion right to a maximum number of shares with a total nominal value corresponding to the maximum nominal amount at the time of raising the convertible loans by which the share capital may be increased using the remaining authorization in Art. 4(2)  calculated in relation to the conversion price determined at the time of raising the convertible loans. Exercising the authorisation to increase the share capital in Art. 4(2)  will hence reduce the authorisation to raise convertible loans in accordance with this provision. The Bank’s shareholders shall not have a preferential subscription right to convertible loans which are offered at a subscription price and a conversion price to the effect that the right of conversion corresponds to the market price of the shares at the time the resolution to raise convertible loans by using the authorisation of this provision was passed by the Supervisory Board. The convertible bonds or other instruments of debt may be issued as payment upon the Bank’s acquisition of existing businesses or specific assets corresponding to the value of the convertible bonds or other instruments of debt. Where the Supervisory Board decides to raise convertible loans  when exercising the authorization in this provision  the authorisation to increase the share capital  cf. Art. 4(2)  shall be considered to be utilised by an amount corresponding to the maximum conversion right. The term allowed for conversion may be fixed at a period exceeding five years after the raising of the convertible loan. For shares which shall be issued on the basis of the convertible loans mentioned in this provision  the Supervisory Board shall decide – with due regard to the time of subscription or utilisation of the conversion right – the time from when such new shares shall carry a right to receive dividend and other terms and conditions of the share issue. Shares issued on the basis of the convertible loans mentioned in this provision cannot be paid in by partial payment  are registered shares and are registered in the name of the holder in VP Securities A/S and the Bank's register of shareholders upon issuance and transfer. The new shares are negotiable instruments and the same rules as apply to the existing shares in respect of rights and duties  redeemability and transferability shall apply. - Art. 5(3): To be deleted. - Art. 5(4): To be deleted. b. Authorisation to the Supervisory Board to make such amendments as may be required by the Danish Business Authority in connection with registration of the Articles of Association. c. Any other business.Reference to Jyske Bank's website for further informationWhere in this notice of a General Meeting  reference is made to Jyske Bank's website for further information  this link can be used: https://www.jyskebank.dk/ir/generalforsamlinger.Adoption of motions - requirementsThe motion to amend Jyske Bank’s Articles of Association (items a.1-a.3 of the agenda) at extraordinary general meetings shall only be finally adopted where adopted by three fourth of the votes cast as well as by three fourth of the voting share capital represented at the general meeting  cf. Art. 12(2) of the Articles of Association.Size of the share capital  voting rights of the shareholders and registration dateJyske Bank's share capital is DKK 642 720 950  comprising shares at a face value of 10. Any share amount of DKK 10 shall carry one vote  provided always that 4 000 votes are the highest number of votes any one shareholder may cast on his own behalf. Voting rights can only be exercised by shareholders or their proxies. For the voting right of a share to be exercised  the share shall be registered in the name of the holder in the Bank's register of shareholders not later than on the day of registration  which is 17 April 2025  or the title to such share shall be notified and documented to the Bank within that same time limit.Proxy and postal voteShareholders may as from Friday  28 March up to and including Wednesday  16 April 2025 give voting instructions  appoint Jyske Bank's Supervisory Board or a third party as proxy either electronically or by means of the Power of Attorney form.Shareholders may attend the General Meeting by proxy and cast their votes by proxy.In addition  shareholders may as from Friday  28 March up to and including Wednesday  23 April 2025 at 10.00 a.m. cast postal votes either electronically or by means of a form.Proxies may be appointed or postal votes may be cast electronically at the Investor Portal via Jyske Bank's website. A form for the appointment of proxies or for casting postal votes is available at one of Jyske Bank's branches or can be downloaded from Jyske Bank's website. Where the form is used  please forward the completed and signed form either by post to Euronext Securities (VP Securities A/S) at the address Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8  1402 Copenhagen K or by email to CPH-investor@euronext.com. The form must reach Euronext Securities (VP Securitas A/S) by the above-mentioned deadlines  and proxies must have been appointed or postal votes must have been cast electronically by the same deadlines.Custodian bankJyske Bank’s shareholders may choose Jyske Bank A/S as their custodian bank in order to exercise their financial rights through Jyske Bank A/S.Questions from shareholdersShareholders are recommended to ask questions in writing before the general meeting about the items of the agenda or Jyske Bank’s financial position. Please send questions to Jyske Bank A/S  Juridisk Afdeling  Vestergade 8-16  DK-8600 Silkeborg or by email to Juridisk@jyskebank.dk. Questions and answers will be presented at the general meeting  and shareholders who have asked questions will receive replies directly from Jyske Bank. At the General Meeting  the management will also answer questions from the shareholders about matters of importance for the financial situation of Jyske Bank and questions for consideration at the General Meeting.Additional informationThe following documents and information can be downloaded from Jyske Bank's website from Friday  28 March 2025:1. Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting2. The total number of shares and voting rights at the date of the notice3. Agenda and full wording of motions.3. The forms to be used when voting by proxy or by postal voteNotification of participationShareholders who wish to attend the General Meeting and cast their votes must notify their participation at the Investor Portal via Jyske Bank’s website as from Friday  28 March 2025 up to and including Wednesday  16 April 2025.Confirmation of registration and QR code for the General Meeting Portal will be submitted by email (also in case of powers of attorney to third parties)  and therefore it is important that you register your email address at the Investor Portal.At the entrance to the general meeting  you press the submitted QR code in the email to register your attendance which is why you must bring your smart phone or your tablet. Any votes will also take place via the General Meeting Portal. Additional guidelines for using the General Meeting Portal will be available at the entrance to the general meeting.If you are unable to receive confirmation of registration to the general meeting by email  you may register for the general meeting by means of the sign-up form available at Jyske Bank’s website orby contacting one of Jyske Bank’s branches. If so  you must contact and confirm your attendance at the entrance to the general meeting which requires that you produce valid identification.Silkeborg  25 March 2025The Supervisory BoardAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Jyske Bank A/S', 'Notice', 'Danish Companies Act', 'VP Securities Services', 'VP Securities A/S', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Jyske Bank A/S', 'nominal share capital', 'nominal capital reduction', 'pre-emption rights', 'nominal value', 'nominal amount', 'capital owners', 'capital increases', 'share premium', 'visitor entrance', 'The AGENDA', 'Supervisory Board', 'total amount', 'average price', 'following amendment', 'existing authorizations', 'following wording', 'several issues', 'face value', 'existing businesses', 'specific assets', 'market price', 'other manner', 'favourable price', 'related capita', 'The Bank', 'cash payment', 'negotiable instruments', 'other instruments', 'final adoption', 'convertible loans', 'a. Motions', 'new shares', 'million shares', 'existing shareholders', 'part payment', '2,765,118 shares', '61,506,977 shares', 'notice', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Vestergade', '8600 Silkeborg', 'Denmark', 'Bankpassagen', '25 March', 'Articles', 'Association', 'members', 'less', 'amendments', 'consideration', 'DKK', 'reference', 'place', 'cancellation', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'holding', 'connection', 'buy-backs', 'consequence', 'Art.', 'effect', 'respect', 'time', 'terms', 'conditions', 'one', 'acquisition', 'case', '1 March', 'names', 'register', 'restrictions', 'negotiability', 'provisions', 'obligation', 'full', 'resolution', 'occasions', 'bonds', 'debt', 'lender', 'claim', '3:00']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048429/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  as part of our €2.0 billion share buyback programme announced on 31 October 2024  in total 2 766 772 shares were repurchased during the week of 17 March 2025 up to and including 21 March 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €18.52 or a total amount of €51 237 628.52. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.In line with the purpose of the programme to reduce the share capital of ING  the total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 92 704 723 ordinary shares at an average price of €15.59 for a total consideration of €1 445 659 093.91. To date approximately 72.28% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 100 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).ING aims to put sustainability at the heart of what we do. Our policies and actions are assessed by independent research and ratings providers  which give updates on them annually. ING's ESG rating by MSCI was reconfirmed by MSCI as 'AA' in August 2024 for the fifth year. As of December 2023  in Sustainalytics’ view  ING’s management of ESG material risk is ‘Strong’. Our current ESG Risk Rating  is 17.2 (Low Risk). ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers. Here are some examples: Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell. Society is transitioning to a low-carbon economy. So are our clients  and so is ING. We finance a lot of sustainable activities  but we still finance more that’s not. Follow our progress on ing.com/climate.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) changes affecting interest rate levels (3) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (4) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (5) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (6) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (7) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (8) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (9) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (10) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (11) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (12) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (13) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (14) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (15) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (16) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (17) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (18) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (19) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business and including any risks as a result of incomplete  inaccurate  or otherwise flawed outputs from the algorithms and data sets utilized in artificial intelligence (20) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy  including such risks and challenges as a consequence of the use of emerging technologies  such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence and quantum computing (21) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (22) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (23) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (24) changes in credit ratings (25) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change  diversity  equity and inclusion and other ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting and also including managing the conflicting laws and requirements of governments  regulators and authorities with respect to these topics (26) inability to attract and retain key personnel (27) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (28) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (29) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (30) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This docuent may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.41,0.58,0.01,mixed,0.12,0.15,0.73,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2024 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', '€2.0 billion share buyback programme', 'current ESG Risk Rating', 'currency exchange rates', 'international response measures', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'same accounting principles', 'global economic impact', 'state compensation schemes', 'global financial institution', 'financial economic crimes', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'major market participant', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'ING Group shares', 'daily repurchased shares', 'maximum total value', 'Frequent news updates', 'related market disruption', 'wholesale banking services', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG rating', 'share capital', 'Low Risk', 'current views', 'financial services', 'financial markets', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'financial information', 'ING website', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'average price', 'total amount', 'weekly reports', '92,704,723 ordinary shares', 'total consideration', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'independent research', 'ratings providers', 'fifth year', 'Sustainalytics’ view', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'low-carbon economy', 'sustainable activities', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'rate levels', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'related i', 'detailed information', 'total number', 'tax laws', '2,766,772 shares', 'Progress', '31 October', '17 March', '21 March', 'investorrelations', 'line', 'purpose', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '100 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'heart', 'policies', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'August', 'December', 'management', 'examples', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Society', 'clients', 'lot', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'accordance', 'document', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'interest', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'benchmark', 'indices', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'failures', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'governmental', 'connection']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49642,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3049044/0/en/Viridien-Announces-Issuance-of-Senior-Secured-Notes-and-Completion-of-Conditions-for-Redemption-of-Existing-Notes.html,Viridien Announces Issuance of Senior Secured Notes and Completion of Conditions for Redemption of Existing Notes,Paris  France – March 25  2025    On March 25  2025  Viridien successfully settled its issuance of $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 10%...,"Paris  France – March 25  2025On March 25  2025  Viridien successfully settled its issuance of $450 million in aggregate principal amount of 10% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 and €475 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.5% Senior Secured Notes due 2030 (together  the “Notes”). The Notes will be guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain subsidiaries of Viridien.Viridien also entered into a $125 000 000 super senior Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the “RCF”) secured by the same security package as the Notes. No drawings have been carried out under the RCF save for part of an ancillary guarantee facilityThe issuance of the Notes was a condition to the redemption by Viridien of all its senior secured notes due 2027 (the “Existing Notes”). That condition has now been satisfied.The net proceeds from the issuance have been used  together with cash on hand  to satisfy and discharge today and subsequently redeem on April 1  2025 in full the Existing Notes and to pay all fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing.About ViridienViridien (www.viridiengroup.com) is an advanced technology  digital and Earth data company that pushes the boundaries of science for a more prosperous and sustainable future. With our ingenuity  drive and deep curiosity we discover new insights  innovations  and solutions that efficiently and responsibly resolve complex natural resource  digital  energy transition and infrastructure challenges. Viridien employs around 3 400 people worldwide and is listed as VIRI on the Euronext Paris SA (ISIN: FR001400PVN6).ContactsInvestor RelationsJean-Baptiste RoussilleTel: + 33 6 14 51 09 88E-Mail: jean-baptiste.roussille@viridiengroup.comThis press release may include projections and other “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of United States federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the business  future financial condition  results of operations and prospects of Viridien S.A.  including its affiliates. These statements usually contain the words “believes”  “plans”  “expects”  “anticipates”  “intends”  “estimates” or other similar expressions. For each of these statements  you should be aware that forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Any such projections or statements reflect the current views of Viridien S.A. about future events and financial performance. No assurances can be given that such events or performance will occur as projected and actual results may differ materially from these projections.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities. There will not be any sale of these securities in any such state or country in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any state or country. The distribution of this press release may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this press release comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no offering of securities to the public in France or the United States.No action has been  or will be  taken in any jurisdiction (including the United States) by Viridien S.A. that would result in a public offering of the Notes or the possession  circulation or distribution of any offering memorandum or any other material relating to Viridien S.A. or the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for such purpose is required.MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only  each as defined in Directive (EU) 2014/65/EU  as amended (“MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.The securities are not intended to be offered  sold  distributed or otherwise made available to and are and should not be offered  sold  distributed or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97  as amended or superseded  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently  no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation for offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process  the target market assessment in respect of the securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the securities is only eligible counterparties as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”)  and professional clients  as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering  selling or recommending the securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however  a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.The securities are not intended to be offered  sold  distributed or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold  distributed or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended  the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) a person who is not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.In the United Kingdom  this press release is directed only at persons who (i) have professional experience in matters relating to investments falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the “Financial Promotion Order”)  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Financial Promotion Order or (iii) are other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The issue of the securities is only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the securities will be directed only to Relevant Persons.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.12,0.6,True,English,"['Senior Secured Notes', 'Existing Notes', 'Viridien', 'Issuance', 'Completion', 'Conditions', 'Redemption', '$125,000,000 super senior Revolving Credit Facility Agreement', 'United States federal securities laws', 'manufacturers’ target market assessment', 'MIFID II product governance', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'ancillary guarantee facility', 'product approval process', 'aggregate principal amount', 'same security package', 'Earth data company', 'other similar expressions', 'potential local restrictions', '10% Senior Secured Notes', '8.5% Senior Secured Notes', 'advanced technology, digital', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'Viridien S.A.', 'future financial condition', 'appropriate distribution channels', 'other “forward-looking” statements', 'other things', 'local legislations', 'other material', 'sustainable future', 'net proceeds', 'deep curiosity', 'new insights', 'energy transition', 'infrastructure challenges', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'unknown risks', 'current views', 'financial performance', 'applicable exemption', 'Professional investors', 'eligible counterparties', 'professional clients', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'The Notes', 'Existing Notes', 'offering memorandum', 'Jean-Baptiste Roussille', 'actual results', 'registration requirements', 'public offering', 'France', 'March', 'issuance', 'basis', 'subsidiaries', 'RCF', 'drawings', 'redemption', 'cash', 'hand', 'April', 'full', 'fees', 'expenses', 'connection', 'viridiengroup', 'boundaries', 'science', 'prosperous', 'ingenuity', 'drive', 'innovations', 'solutions', '3,400 people', 'ISIN', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'projections', 'meaning', 'business', 'operations', 'prospects', 'affiliates', 'words', 'plans', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'estimates', 'uncertainties', 'assurances', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'country', 'qualification', 'jurisdictions', 'Persons', 'possession', 'action', 'circulation', 'purpose', 'ECPs', 'respect', 'conclusion', 'Directive', 'distributor', 'consideration', 'retai']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49643,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048411/0/en/Press-Release-Tolebrutinib-regulatory-submission-accepted-for-priority-review-in-the-US-for-patients-with-multiple-sclerosis.html,Press Release: Tolebrutinib regulatory submission accepted for priority review in the US for patients with multiple sclerosis,Tolebrutinib regulatory submission accepted for priority review in the US for patients with multiple sclerosis   If approved  tolebrutinib would be the......,Tolebrutinib regulatory submission accepted for priority review in the US for patients with multiple sclerosisIf approved  tolebrutinib would be the first and only brain-penetrant BTK inhibitor to both treat non-relapsing secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (MS) and slow disability accumulation independent of relapse activityTolebrutinib has the potential to be the first therapy to target smoldering neuroinflammation  a key driver of disability accumulation in MSTolebrutinib was granted breakthrough therapy designation by the FDA based on positive results from the HERCULES phase 3 study in adults with non-relapsing secondary progressive MSParis  March 25  2025. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is evaluating under priority review the regulatory submission of tolebrutinib to treat non-relapsing secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (nrSPMS) and to slow disability accumulation independent of relapse activity in adult patients. The target action date for the FDA decision is September 28  2025. A regulatory submission is also under review in the EU.The regulatory submissions in the US and the EU are supported by the results from the phase 3 studies HERCULES in nrSPMS and GEMINI 1 and 2 in relapsing MS (RMS). The findings from these studies  as well as additional clinical and preclinical studies  support the differentiated mechanism of tolebrutinib to target disability progression independent of relapse activity  and the scientific hypothesis that smoldering neuroinflammation represents a key inflammatory process in MS and is a critical driver of disability accumulation.Erik Wallström  MD  PhDGlobal Head of Neurology Development“The totality of data across our clinical program validates our scientific understanding of smoldering neuroinflammation as a distinct inflammatory process in MS. People living with non-relapsing secondary progressive multiple sclerosis or who experience disability independent of relapse activity suffer from disability that worsens over time due to persistent inflammation in the brain  known as smoldering neuroinflammation  which is the primary driver of disability. The demonstrated ability of tolebrutinib to delay disability by targeting underlying drivers of the disease represents a potential paradigm shift in treating these patients.”Tolebrutinib is currently under clinical investigation  and its safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority. The PERSEUS phase 3 study of tolebrutinib in patients with primary progressive MS is currently ongoing with study results anticipated in H2 2025.About multiple sclerosisMultiple sclerosis is a chronic  immune-mediated  neurodegenerative disease that may result in accumulation of irreversible disabilities over time. The physical and cognitive disability impairments translate into gradual deterioration of health status  impacting patients’ care and quality of life. Disability accumulation remains the significant unmet medical need in MS. To date  the primary target of currently approved medicines has been peripheral B and T cells  while innate immunity within the CNS  which is believed to drive disability accumulation  remains largely unaddressed. Currently approved or late-stage medicines being tested for MS mainly target the adaptive immune system and/or do not act directly within the central nervous system to drive clinical benefit.Living with nrSPMS refers to people with MS who have stopped experiencing relapses but continue to accumulate disability  experienced as symptoms such as fatigue  cognitive impairment  balance and gait impairment  loss of bowel and/or bladder function  sexual disfunction  amongst others.About tolebrutinibTolebrutinib is an investigational  oral  brain-penetrant  and bioactive Bruton’s tyrosine kinase (BTK) inhibitor specifically designed to target smoldering neuroinflammation  a key driver of disability progression in MS. Unlike currently approved MS therapies that primarily address peripheral inflammation  tolebrutinib uniquely crosses the blood-brain barrier to achieve therapeutic cerebrospinal fluid concentrations  allowing it to modulate B-lymphocytes and disease-associated microglia within the CNS. This mechanism is believed to address the underlying pathology of progressive MS by targeting the inflammatory processes that contribute to neurodegeneration and disability accumulation.Tolebrutinib is being evaluated in phase 3 clinical studies for the treatment of various forms of multiple sclerosis and its safety and efficacy have not been evaluated by any regulatory authority worldwide. For more information on tolebrutinib clinical studies  please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov.About HERCULESHERCULES (clinical study identifier: NCT04411641) was a double-blind randomized phase 3 clinical study evaluating the efficacy and safety of tolebrutinib in patients with nrSPMS. At baseline  nrSPMS was defined as having a SPMS diagnosis with an expanded disability status scale (EDSS) between 3.0 and 6.5  no clinical relapses for the previous 24 months and documented evidence of disability accumulation in the previous 12 months. Participants were randomized (2:1) to receive either an oral daily dose of tolebrutinib or matching placebo for up to approximately 48 months.The primary endpoint was 6-month CDP defined as the increase of ≥1.0 point from the baseline EDSS score when the baseline score is ≤5.0  or the increase of ≥0.5 point when the baseline EDSS score was >5.0. Secondary endpoints included time to onset of 3-month CDP as assessed by EDSS score  total number of new or enlarging T2 hyperintense lesions as detected by MRI  time to onset of confirmed disability improvement  3-month change in 9-hole peg test and T25-FW test as well as the safety and tolerability of tolebrutinib.About GEMINI 1 and 2GEMINI 1 (clinical study identifier: NCT04410978) and GEMINI 2 (clinical study identifier: NCT04410991) were double-blind randomized phase 3 clinical studies evaluating the efficacy and safety of tolebrutinib compared to teriflunomide in patients with RMS. Participants were randomized in both studies (1:1) to receive either tolebrutinib and placebo daily or 14mg teriflunomide and placebo.The primary endpoint for both studies was the annualized relapse rate for up to approximately 36 months defined as the number of confirmed adjudicated protocol defined relapses. Secondary endpoints included time to onset of CDW  confirmed over at least 6 months  defined as an increase of ≥1.5 points from the baseline EDSS score when the baseline score is 0  an increase of ≥1.0 point from the baseline EDSS score when the baseline score is 0.5 to ≤5.5 or an increase of ≥0.5 point from the baseline EDSS score when the baseline score was >5.5 in addition to the total number of new and/or enlarging T2 hyperintense lesions as detected by MRI from baseline through the end of study  the total number of Gd-enhancing T1 hyperintense lesions as detected by MRI from baseline through the end of study and the safety and tolerability of tolebrutinib.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | +33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | +33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | +1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | +33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | +1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | +33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comYun Li | +33 6 84 00 90 72 | yun.li3@sanofi.comSanofi forward-looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group.Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Tolebrutinib regulatory submission', 'Press Release', 'priority review', 'multiple sclerosis', 'US', 'patients', 'relapsing secondary progressive multiple sclerosis', 'double-blind randomized phase 3 clinical study', 'significant unmet medical need', 'therapeutic cerebrospinal fluid concentrations', 'relapsing secondary progressive MS', 'chronic, immune-mediated, neurodegenerative disease', 'expanded disability status scale', 'PERSEUS phase 3 study', 'Erik Wallström', 'adaptive immune system', 'central nervous system', 'clinical study identifier', 'distinct inflammatory process', 'breakthrough therapy designation', 'phase 3 clinical studies', 'brain-penetrant BTK inhibitor', 'key inflammatory process', 'potential paradigm shift', 'HERCULES phase 3 study', 'primary progressive MS', 'target action date', 'cognitive disability impairments', 'slow disability accumulation', 'The US Food', 'tolebrutinib clinical studies', 'Tolebrutinib regulatory submission', 'phase 3 studies', 'health status', 'BTK) inhibitor', 'study results', 'primary target', 'additional clinical', 'clinical program', 'clinical investigation', 'clinical benefit', 'inflammatory processes', 'cognitive impairment', 'key driver', 'primary driver', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory submissions', 'regulatory authority', 'clinical relapses', 'relapse activity', 'first therapy', 'Drug Administration', 'scientific hypothesis', 'critical driver', 'Global Head', 'Neurology Development', 'scientific understanding', 'persistent inflammation', 'underlying drivers', 'irreversible disabilities', 'gradual deterioration', 'peripheral B', 'T cells', 'innate immunity', 'gait impairment', 'bladder function', 'sexual disfunction', 'bioactive Bruton', 'tyrosine kinase', 'peripheral inflammation', 'blood-brain barrier', 'disease-associated microglia', 'underlying pathology', 'various forms', 'SPMS diagnosis', 'previous 24 months', 'disability progression', 'smoldering neuroinflammation', 'priority review', 'positive results', 'MS therapies', 'differentiated mechanism', 'late-stage medicines', 'adult patients', 'FDA decision', 'patients’ care', 'non', 'adults', 'Paris', 'March', 'nrSPMS', 'September', 'GEMINI', 'findings', 'MD', 'PhD', 'totality', 'data', 'People', 'time', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'H2', 'physical', 'quality', 'life', 'CNS', 'symptoms', 'fatigue', 'balance', 'loss', 'bowel', 'others', 'B-lymphocytes', 'neurodegeneration', 'treatment', 'information', 'clinicaltrials', 'baseline', 'EDSS']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/25/3048454/0/en/VGP-NV-announces-the-launch-of-a-capped-cash-tender-offer-for-its-outstanding-green-bonds-due-17-January-2027-and-green-bonds-due-8-April-2029-and-the-intention-to-concurrently-iss.html,VGP NV announces the launch of a capped cash tender offer for its outstanding green bonds due 17 January 2027 and green bonds due 8 April 2029  and the intention to concurrently issue new green bonds,PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information*Public disclosure of inside information  VGP NV announces the launch of a capped cash tender offer for its......,PRESS RELEASERegulated Information*Public disclosure of inside informationVGP NV announces the launch of a capped cash tender offer for its outstandingEUR 500 000 000 1.625 per cent. fixed rate green bonds due 17 January 2027 (ISIN: BE6332786449) and EUR 600 000 000 1.50 per cent. fixed rate green bonds due 8 April 2029 (ISIN: BE6327721237) and the intention to concurrently issue new green bondsNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (THE “UNITED STATES”) OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”)) OR IN OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS PRESS RELEASE (SEE “OFFER AND DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS” BELOW).THIS PRESS RELEASE RELATES TO THE DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIED OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE MARKET ABUSE REGULATION (EU) 596/2014  AS AMENDED.25 March 2025  (8.45 a.m. CET)  Antwerp  Belgium: Today  VGP NV  the pan-European owner  manager and developer of high quality logistics and semi-industrial properties as well as a provider of renewable energy solutions  (“VGP” and the “Offeror”) announces the launch of a capped tender offer (the “Offer”) for its outstanding EUR 500 000 000 1.625 per cent. fixed rate green bonds due 17 January 2027 (ISIN: BE6332786449) (the “2027 Bonds”) and EUR 600 000 000 1.50 per cent. fixed rate green bonds due 8 April 2029 (ISIN: BE6327721237) (the “2029 Bonds” and together with the 2027 Bonds  the “Bonds”) for cash. The maximum acceptance amounts of the Offer are up to EUR 250 000 000 in aggregate principal amount of the Bonds in general and up to EUR 50 000 000 in aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Bonds. Holders of the Bonds can find more information in the launch announcement which is available on the website of VGP at https://www.vgpparks.eu/en/investors/financial-debt/ (the “Launch Announcement”).Concurrently with the Offer  VGP intends to issue new euro-denominated fixed rate green bonds (the “New Bonds”)  subject to market conditions.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial properties as well as a provider of renewable energy solutions. VGP has a fully integrated business model with extensive expertise and many years of experience along the entire value chain. VGP was founded in 1998 as a family-owned Belgian property developer in the Czech Republic and today operates with a staff of circa 380 FTEs in 18 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. As of December 2024  the Gross Asset Value of VGP  including the joint ventures at 100%  amounted to € 7.8 billion and the company had a Net Asset Value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.4 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957). For more information  please visit: https://www.vgpparks.eu/en/.DISCLAIMERCapitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this press release shall have the meanings given to them in the Launch Announcement referred to above. This press release must be read in conjunction with the Tender Offer Memorandum. This press release  the Launch Announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum contain important information which should be read carefully before any decision is made with respect to the Offer. If any Bondholder is in any doubt as to the contents of this press release  the Launch Announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum or the action it should take  it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice  including in respect of any tax consequences  immediately from its broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial  tax or legal adviser. Any individual or company whose Bonds are held on its behalf by a broker  dealer  bank  custodian  trust company or other nominee or intermediary must contact such entity if it wishes to tender such Bonds pursuant to the Offer. The Dealer Managers are acting exclusively for the Offeror and no one else in connection with the arrangements described in this press release  the Launch Announcement and the Tender Offer Memorandum and will not be responsible to any Bondholder for providing the protections which would be afforded to customers of the Dealer Managers or for advising any other person in connection with the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent or any director  officer  employee  agent or affiliate of any such person has made or will make any assessment of the merits and risks of the Offer or of the impact of the Offer on the interests of the Bondholders either as a class or as individuals  and none of them makes any recommendation as to whether Bondholders should tender Bonds pursuant to the Offer. None of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers or the Tender Agent (or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  agents or affiliates) is providing Bondholders with any legal  business  tax or other advice in this press release  the Launch Announcement and/or the Tender Offer Memorandum. Bondholders should consult with their own advisers as needed to assist them in making an investment decision and to advise them whether they are legally permitted to tender Bonds for cash.Offer and Distribution RestrictionsNeither this press release  the Launch Announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum constitutes an invitation to participate in the Offer in or from any jurisdiction in or from which  or to any person to or from whom  it is unlawful to make such invitation or for there to be such participation under applicable securities laws. The distribution of this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other materials relating to the Offer in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other materials relating to the Offer comes are required by each of the Offeror  the Dealer Managers and the Tender Agent to inform themselves about  and to observe  any such restrictions. If any recipient of this press release  the Launch Announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum is in any doubt as to the contents hereof or the action it should take  it is recommended to seek its own financial and legal advice  including in respect of any tax consequences  immediately from its broker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant or other independent financial  tax or legal adviser.Neither this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum nor the electronic transmission thereof constitutes an offer to buy or a solicitation of an offer to sell Bonds (and tenders of Bonds in the Offer will not be accepted from Bondholders) in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. In those jurisdictions where the securities  blue sky or other laws require the Offer to be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any of its affiliates is such a licensed broker or dealer in any such jurisdiction  the Offer shall be deemed to be made by such Dealer Manager or affiliate  as the case may be  on behalf of the Offeror in such jurisdiction.No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction in relation to the New Bonds that would permit a public offering of securities whereby such public offering would lead to a requirement to publish a prospectus or a similar requirement  and the minimum denomination of the New Bonds will be EUR 100 000.United States:The Offer is not being made  and will not be made  directly or indirectly in or into  or by use of the mails of  or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facilities of a national securities exchange of  the United States or to any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (each a “U.S. Person”)). This includes  but is not limited to  facsimile transmission  electronic mail  telex  telephone  the internet and other forms of electronic communication. The Bonds may not be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within the United States or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Accordingly  copies of this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly mailed or otherwise transmitted  distributed or forwarded (including  without limitation  by custodians  nominees or trustees) in or into the United States or to any persons located or resident in the United States or to any U.S. Person  and the Bonds cannot be tendered in the Offer by any such use  means  instrumentality or facility from or within or by persons located or resident in the United States or by any U.S. Person. Any purported tender of Bonds in the Offer resulting directly or indirectly from a violation of these restrictions will be invalid and any purported tender of Bonds made by a person located in the United States  a U.S. Person  by any person acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person  or any agent  fiduciary or other intermediary acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal giving instructions from within the United States will be invalid and will not be accepted.Neither this press release  the Launch Announcement nor the Tender Offer Memorandum is an offer of securities for sale in the United States or to U.S. Persons. Bonds may not be offered  sold or delivered in the United States absent registration under  or an exemption from the registration requirements of  the Securities Act. The New Bonds have not been  and will not be  registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered  sold or delivered  directly or indirectly  within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  U.S. Persons.Each Bondholder participating in the Offer will represent that it is not a U.S. Person and it is not located in the United States and it is not participating in the Offer from the United States  or it is acting on a non-discretionary basis for a principal located outside the United States that is not giving an order to participate in the Offer from the United States and who is not a U.S. Person. For the purposes of this and the above two paragraphs  “United States” means the United States of America  its territories and possessions (including Puerto Rico  the U.S. Virgin Islands  Guam  American Samoa  Wake Island and the Northern Mariana Islands)  any state of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.United Kingdom:The communication of this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer is not being made and such documents and/or materials have not been approved by an authorised person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. Accordingly  this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom. The communication of such documents and/or materials as a financial promotion is only being made to (1) persons outside the United Kingdom  (2) those persons in the United Kingdom falling within the definition of investment professionals (as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Financial Promotion Order”))  (3) persons who are within Article 43 of the Financial Promotion Order or (4) any other persons to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made under the Financial Promotion Order (together being referred to as “relevant persons”). Any person in the United Kingdom who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this press release  the Launch Announcement or the Tender Offer Memorandum.Italy:None of the Offer  this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have been or will be submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian laws and regulations.The Offer is being carried out in the Republic of Italy (“Italy”) as an exempted offer pursuant to article 101-bis  paragraph 3-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) and article 35-bis  paragraph 4 of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended.Any Bondholder or beneficial owner of the Bonds that is resident and/or located in Italy may tender some or all of its Bonds for purchase pursuant to the Offer through authorised persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act  CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993  as amended) and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations or with requirements imposed by CONSOB  the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority.Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis-à-vis its clients in connection with the Bonds  the Offer and the Tender Offer Memorandum.France:The Offer is not being made  directly or indirectly  to the public in the Republic of France (“France”). This press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum and any other document or material relating to the Offer have only been and shall only be distributed in France to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  as amended. None of this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other such document or material has been or will be submitted for clearance to  or approved by  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Consumers:The Offer is not being made  and will not be made or advertised  directly or indirectly  to any individual qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law dated 28 February 2013  as amended (a “Consumer”) and this press release  the Launch Announcement  the Tender Offer Memorandum or any other documents or materials relating to the Offer have not been and shall not be distributed  directly or indirectly  to Consumers.*This news item contains information that is subject to the transparency regulations for listed companies.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.17,0.6,True,English,"['capped cash tender offer', 'outstanding green bonds', 'new green bonds', 'VGP NV', 'launch', 'intention', 'new euro-denominated fixed rate green bonds', 'U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS', 'family-owned Belgian property developer', 'other independent financial, tax', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'capped cash tender offer', 'new green bonds', 'NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS', 'renewable energy solutions', 'maximum acceptance amounts', 'aggregate principal amount', 'integrated business model', 'entire value chain', 'Gross Asset Value', 'Net Asset Value', 'high quality logistics', 'capped tender offer', 'U.S. PERSON', 'MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'Tender Offer Memorandum', 'New Bonds', 'The Dealer Managers', 'REGULATION S', 'tax consequences', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'market conditions', 'high-quality logistics', 'other nominee', 'Tender Agent', 'other person', 'PUERTO RICO', 'AMERICAN SAMOA', 'WAKE ISLAND', 'pan-European owner', 'semi-industrial properties', 'extensive expertise', 'many years', 'Czech Republic', '18 European countries', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Capitalised terms', 'legal advice', 'legal adviser', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'launch announcement', 'Public disclosure', 'inside information', 'DISTRIBUTION RESTRICTIONS', 'outstanding EUR 50', 'important information', 'trust company', 'VGP NV', 'bank manager', '2027 Bonds', '2029 Bonds', 'ISIN', 'intention', 'PUBLICATION', 'INTO', 'TERRITORIES', 'POSSESSIONS', 'GUAM', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', 'PUBLISH', 'MEANING', 'ARTICLE', 'March', 'CET', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'provider', 'Offeror', 'cent', 'Holders', 'website', 'vgpparks', 'investors/financial-debt', 'experience', 'staff', 'circa', '380 FTEs', 'December', 'DISCLAIMER', 'conjunction', 'decision', 'respect', 'Bondholder', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'broker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'individual', 'behalf', 'custodian', 'intermediary', 'entity', 'connection', 'arrangements', 'protections', 'customers', 'None', 'director', 'officer', 'employee', 'affiliate', 'assessment', 'merits', 'risks', 'impact', 'interests', 'class', 'recommendation', '45', '1.625']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,globenewswire.com
49645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2025/03/25/global-stocks-edge-higher-on-hopes-of-more-measured-trump-approach-to-tariffs/,Global stocks edge higher on hopes of more measured Trump approach to tariffs,AIB rose almost 1% in Dublin before it emerged Goldman Sachs has started to sell about a 3% stake on behalf of an investor,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange during morning trading on Tuesday. Global stocks were slightly higher on Tuesday  after a sharp rally in the prior session on hopes US President Donald Trump would take a more measured approach on tariffs than feared. Photograph: Michael M Santiago/Getty ImagesGlobal stocks were slightly higher on Tuesday  after a sharp rally in the prior session on hopes US President Donald Trump would take a more measured approach on tariffs than feared.DublinEuronext Dublin finished the day up 0.1 per cent on what was a quiet day for investors on the market.AIB rose almost 1 per cent to €6.63. It emerged after the market closed that Goldman Sachs had started to sell about a 3 per cent stake in the bank on behalf  according to market sources  of an institutional investor.It follows a 24 per cent surge in the value of the stock so far this year – even after accounting for a pullback from its recent peak. Six international investment firms own at least 3 per cent of AIB  according to Bloomberg data. Meanwhile  Bank of Ireland climbed 2 per cent.READ MOREAmong the housebuilders  Cairn Homes finished the day down 0.7 per cent  while its peer Glenveagh Properties was up 0.9 per cent at close of business.The only other stock on the index to trade more than a million shares was budget airline Ryanair  which finished up 0.8 per cent.LondonThe FTSE 100 finished 0.3 per cent higher amid a boost from Shell’s fresh strategy update.The oil major lifted after it set out five-year plans to ramp up cost savings and cut spending as it pledged to “deliver more value with less emissions”. Shell shares closed 1.5 per cent higher after the update was welcomed by shareholders.It helped to push London’s top index into the green despite weakness in the retail sector.Kingfisher shares slid 14.1 per cent after the B & ner revealed its yearly profit dropped by more than a third and flagged weaker demand for big purchases.Fever-Tree shares lifted 4.4 per cent on the back of a 9 per cent rise in US sales after American beer maker Molson Coors bought a stake in the company  giving it exclusive rights to market its drinks in the US.AO World was up 1.9 per cent after the online retail firm said it expects annual profits to jump by nearly a third despite a shaky consumer backdrop.EuropeOn the continent  sentiment was broadly positive as a lack of fresh news regarding tariffs helped to calm the markets and drive more buying activity.The Cac 40 in Paris ended 1.1 per cent higher for the day  while the Dax index was up 1.1 per cent at close of business. Elsewhere  the Stoxx Europe 600 rose 0.7 per cent  while the MSCI World Index was up 0.3 per cent.Meanwhile  euro zone bond yields rose as traders piled into risky assets on signs of flexibility in the next round of US tariffs and stronger-than-expected US data  while improved business morale in Germany also helped.What damage is Elon Musk doing to Tesla’s shares and sales? Listen | 23:45New YorkWall Street’s major indexes edged higher in choppy trading as investors assessed consumer sentiment data and anticipated a more flexible trade policy stance from the Trump administration next week.US President Donald Trump on Monday hinted at a potential reprieve  suggesting that not all proposed tariffs would be enforced by April 2nd  with certain countries possibly receiving exemptions.The benchmark S&P 500 and the tech-heavy Nasdaq soared to their highest levels in over two weeks  bolstered by robust performances from megacap stocks like Nvidia and Tesla.However  the lingering uncertainty over mr Trump’s unpredictable tariff strategy continued to cast a shadow over market sentiment  positioning the S&P 500 for its first quarterly loss in six periods.Tesla shares slipped 0.4 per cent after a substantial 12 per cent rally from the previous day. Despite a general rise in electric vehicle registrations across Europe  data for February revealed a year-on-year contraction in Tesla’s market share.Among others  McCormick & Company dropped 1 per cent after the food processing company missed estimates on quarterly profit. (Additional reporting: Agencies),neutral,0.28,0.68,0.03,mixed,0.18,0.22,0.6,True,English,"['Global stocks', 'Trump approach', 'hopes', 'tariffs', 'euro zone bond yields', 'flexible trade policy stance', 'Six international investment firms', 'US President Donald Trump', 'substantial 12 per cent rally', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Michael M Santiago', '24 per cent surge', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'American beer maker', 'shaky consumer backdrop', 'unpredictable tariff strategy', 'electric vehicle registrations', '9 per cent rise', 'online retail firm', 'first quarterly loss', '3 per cent stake', 'benchmark S&P 500', 'food processing company', 'a million shares', 'fresh strategy update', 'MSCI World Index', 'consumer sentiment data', 'Trump administration', 'mr Trump', 'six periods', 'US data', 'sharp rally', 'retail sector', 'a third', 'AO World', 'fresh news', 'general rise', 'quarterly profit', 'other stock', 'US sales', 'morning trading', 'Global stocks', 'prior session', 'measured approach', 'Getty Images', 'Goldman Sachs', 'institutional investor', 'recent peak', 'Bloomberg data', 'Cairn Homes', 'Glenveagh Properties', 'The FTSE', 'oil major', 'five-year plans', 'cost savings', 'less emissions', 'top index', 'Kingfisher shares', 'yearly profit', 'weaker demand', 'big purchases', 'Fever-Tree shares', 'Molson Coors', 'exclusive rights', 'annual profits', 'buying activity', 'The Cac', 'Dax index', 'risky assets', 'next round', 'Elon Musk', 'Wall Street', 'major indexes', 'choppy trading', 'potential reprieve', 'April 2nd', 'tech-heavy Nasdaq', 'highest levels', 'two weeks', 'robust performances', 'megacap stocks', 'lingering uncertainty', 'year contraction', 'Additional reporting', 'US tariffs', 'market sources', 'market sentiment', 'market share', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Shell shares', 'quiet day', 'previous day', 'Stoxx Europe', 'business morale', 'Tesla shares', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Tuesday', 'hopes', 'Photograph', 'investors', 'AIB', 'bank', 'behalf', 'value', 'pullback', 'Ireland', 'READ', 'housebuilders', 'peer', 'close', 'London', 'boost', 'spending', 'shareholders', 'green', 'weakness', 'drinks', 'continent', 'lack', 'markets', 'Paris', 'signs', 'flexibility', 'expected', 'Germany', 'damage', 'Listen', 'Monday', 'countries', 'exemptions', 'Nvidia', 'shadow', 'February', 'others', 'McCormick', 'estimates', 'Agencies', '0.']",2025-03-25,2025-03-26,irishtimes.com
49646,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64937074-valneva-renews-its-sales-agreement-in-connection-with-its-existing-at-the-market-atm-program-399.htm,Valneva Renews its Sales Agreement in connection with its Existing At-the-Market (ATM) Program,"Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) (""Valneva"" or the ""Company"")  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that it has filed a prospectus supplement","Saint-Herblain (France)  March 26  2025 - Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) (""Valneva"" or the ""Company"")  a specialty vaccine company  today announces that it has filed a prospectus supplement as part of the renewal of its registration statement on Form F-3  filed on March 25  2025 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"") relating to its existing At-the-Market offering facility (the ""ATM Program"")  which was originally entered into in August 2022 and has not been utilized to-date.Pursuant to this financing program  the Company has the option to offer and sell  including with unsolicited investors who have expressed an interest  a total gross amount of up to $75.0 million of American Depositary Shares (""ADS"")  each ADS representing two of the Company's ordinary shares  from time to time in sales deemed to be an ""at the market offering"" as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and pursuant to the terms of an Amended and Restated Open Market Sale Agreement (the ""Sales Agreement"") with Jefferies LLC (""Jefferies"")  acting as sales agent  subject to French regulatory limits and within the limits of the investors' requests expressed in the context of the ATM Program. The timing of any potential future sales will depend on a variety of factors and the Company is not under any obligation to utilize the ATM Program in a specified amount or at all. The terms and conditions of the new ATM Program remain similar to the prior ATM program set up in August 2022. The Sales Agreement will terminate when the maximum program amount is reached or it is terminated early in accordance with its terms.The ADSs intended to be sold under the Sales Agreement  if any  will be issued and sold pursuant to the shelf registration statement on Form F-3 (File No. 333- 286071) (the ""Registration Statement"")  which was also renewed in conjunction with the filing of the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F on March 24  2025  once declared effective by the SEC (that will become effective  subject to completion of SEC review).The ADSs are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ""VALN""  and the Company's ordinary shares are listed on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris under the symbol ""VLA"".To the extent that ADSs are sold pursuant to the ATM Program  the Company currently intends to use the net proceeds (after deduction of fees and expenses)  if any  of sales of ADSs issued under the ATM Program  together with its existing cash and cash equivalents  primarily to fund the manufacturing  commercialization  research and development of the Company's products and product candidates  working capital and other general corporate purposes  at the Company's discretion.For any ADSs requested to be sold by the Company to eligible investors  Jefferies  as sales agent  will use commercially reasonable efforts to arrange the sale on the Company's behalf  consistent with Jefferies' normal sales and trading practices. Sales prices may vary based on market prices and other factors. Only eligible investors (as described in greater detail below) may purchase ADSs under the ATM Program.The ADSs and the underlying ordinary shares may be issued  if any  through one or more share capital increases without shareholders' preferential subscription rights under the provisions of Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and pursuant to and within the limits set forth in the 33rd and 37th resolutions adopted by the combined shareholders' general meeting dated June 26  2024 (the ""General Meeting"") (or any similar resolutions that may be substituted for it in the future)  i.e.  based on the current limits taking into account issuances already made under this authorization  a maximum number of 7 666 666 remaining ordinary shares (being the maximum authorized by the General Meeting for the 33rd and 37th resolutions  after taking into account the 2024 private placement) for a total nominal amount of €1 150 000 at the date if this press release (being specified that the initial maximum nominal amount authorized by the General Meeting was €4 600 000)  representing a maximum potential dilution based on the remaining amount authorized of approximately 4.5% based on the existing share capital of the Company. In any event the number of underlying ordinary shares to be admitted on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (""Euronext Paris"") shall represent  over a period of 12 months  less than 30% of the ordinary shares already admitted to trading on said market.Any new ordinary shares sold in the form of ADSs would be issued in one or more offerings at market prices of the ADSs at the time of pricing of the considered capital increase.The ATM Program may only be issued to qualified investors which fall into the categories of investors defined in the 33rd resolution adopted by the General Meeting (or any similar resolutions that may be substituted for it in the future)  comprising (i) natural persons and legal entities  including companies  trusts or investment funds  organized under French or foreign law  that routinely invest in the pharmaceutical  biotechnological or medical technology sector; and/or (ii) companies  institutions or entities of any type  French or foreign  that do a significant part of their business in the pharmaceutical  cosmetic  chemical or medical devices and/or technologies or research in these sectors; and/or (iii) French or foreign investment services companies  or any foreign establishment with an equivalent status  that could guarantee to carry out an issue to be placed with the persons described in (i) and/or (ii) above  in this context  to subscribe for securities that are issued; and/or (iv) credit institutions  service providers  investment funds or companies undertaking to subscribe for or guarantee the completion of the share capital increase or of any issue of securities likely to result in a capital increase (including  in particular  through the exercise of share subscription warrants) that could be carried out by virtue of this delegation in the context of the implementation of an equity or bond financing agreement  including in particular any ""At-the-market (ATM)"" financing program. The new ordinary shares will be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris and the issued ADSs will trade on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (""Nasdaq"").During the term of the ATM Program  the Company will include information in the publication of its half-year and full-year financial reports about its use of the ATM Program during the preceding period and will also provide an update after each capital increase on a dedicated location on its corporate website in order to inform investors about the main features of each issue that may be completed under the ATM Program from time to time.The Registration Statement (including a prospectus) relating to Valneva's securities  including the ADSs  was filed with the SEC on March 25  2025  but has not yet been declared effective. No offers or sales of ADSs under the ATM Program can be made until the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC. Before purchasing ADSs in an offering  prospective investors should read the prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus  together with the documents incorporated by reference therein. Prospective investors may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively  a copy of the prospectus supplement (and accompanying prospectus) relating to the offering may be obtained from Jefferies LLC  520 Madison Avenue  New York  NY 10022 or by telephone at (877) 821-7388 or by email at Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com. No prospectus will be subject to the approval of the French Financial Markets Authority (the Autorité des Marchés Financiers or the ""AMF"") pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated June 14  2017  as amended (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") since the contemplated share capital increase(s) (for the issuance of the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs) would be offered to qualified investors (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation) and fall under the exemption provided for in Articles 1(5)(a) and 1(5)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation which states that the obligation to publish a document ""Annex IX"" as defined in the Prospectus Regulation shall not apply to admission to trading on a regulated market of securities fungible with securities already admitted to trading on the same regulated market  provided that they represent  over a period of 12 months  less than 30% of the number of securities already admitted to trading on the same regulated market (except in case of restructuring or insolvency proceedings of the Company).This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy these securities  nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. In particular  no public offering of the ADSs will be made in Europe.Information Available to the PublicDetailed information concerning the Company  in particular with regard to its business  results  forecasts and corresponding risk factors  is provided in the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F (the ""Annual Report"")  filed with the SEC on March 24  2025  and documents filed with the SEC from time to time (the ""SEC Filings""). The Annual Report and SEC Filings are available on the SEC's website (www.sec.gov). The Company's Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on March 24  2025 under number D.25-0140  as well as other regulated information are available on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). All of the foregoing documents are available on the Company's website and are available free of charge on request at the Company's registered office at 6 rue Alain Bombard  44800 Saint-Herblain  France.About ValnevaWe are a specialty vaccine company that develops  manufactures  and commercializes prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases addressing unmet medical needs. We take a highly specialized and targeted approach  applying our deep expertise across multiple vaccine modalities  focused on providing either first-  best- or only-in-class vaccine solutions.We have a strong track record  having advanced multiple vaccines from early R&D to approvals  and currently market three proprietary travel vaccines  including the world's first chikungunya vaccine  as well as certain third-party vaccines.Revenues from our growing commercial business help fuel the continued advancement of our vaccine pipeline. This includes the only Lyme disease vaccine candidate in advanced clinical development  which is partnered with Pfizer  the world's most clinically advanced Shigella vaccine candidate  as well as vaccine candidates against the Zika virus and other global public health threats.Valneva Investor and Media ContactsLaetitia Bachelot-FontaineVP  Global Communications and European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099investors@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP  Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comForward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to the proposed ATM Program and the expected use of proceeds  if any  from the ATM Program. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be indicative of future results. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that the Company considers to be reasonable as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of the Company could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection  as well as the risks set forth in section 1.5 of the universal registration document registered with the French Financial Market Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers) (the ""AMF"") under number D.25-0140 on March 24  2025 (copies of which are available on the Company's website) and the Company's filings with the SEC and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which the Company operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to the Company or not currently considered material by the Company. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made in this press release will in fact be realized. These forward-looking statements are given only as of the date of this press release and Valneva expressly declines any obligation or commitment to publish updates or corrections of the forward-looking statements included in this press release in order to reflect any change affecting the forecasts or events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Any information relating to past performance contained herein is not a guarantee of future performance. Nothing herein should be construed as an investment recommendation or as legal  tax  investment or accounting advice.Importance noticeThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy  nor shall there be any sale of ordinary shares or ADSs in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.The distribution of this document may  in certain jurisdictions  be restricted by local legislations. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such potential local restrictions.This announcement is not an advertisement and not a prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation.This document does not constitute an offer to the public in France (except for public offerings defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code) and the securities referred to in this document can only be offered or sold in France pursuant to Article L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code to (i) qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) (as such term is defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or (ii) a limited group of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs) acting for their own account  all as defined in and in accordance with articles L. 411-1  L. 411-2 and D. 411-2 to D. 411-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in any relevant Member State. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in any relevant Member State except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Articles 1(5)(a) and 1(5)(b) of the Prospectus Regulation or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or to applicable regulations of that relevant Member State.No action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of the securities referred to herein requiring a publication of a prospectus in the United Kingdom. As a result  the securities may not and will not be offered in the United Kingdom except in accordance with the exemptions set forth in Section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") or under any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Company of a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").In addition  in the United Kingdom  this document is being distributed only to  and is directed only at  and any offer subsequently made may only be directed at persons who are ""qualified investors"" (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation) who (i) are ""investment professionals"" (people with professional investment experience) falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order"")  (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) (""high net worth companies  unincorporated associations  etc."") of the Order  or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Article 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be communicated (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons""). This document is directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Sales Agreement', 'ATM) Program', 'Valneva', 'connection', 'Market', 'Restated Open Market Sale Agreement', ""shareholders' preferential subscription rights"", 'other general corporate purposes', 'initial maximum nominal amount', ""combined shareholders' general meeting"", 'total nominal amount', 'French Commercial Code', 'Code de commerce', 'maximum potential dilution', 'total gross amount', 'American Depositary Shares', 'U.S. Securities', 'share capital increases', 'underlying ordinary shares', 'new ordinary shares', 'maximum program amount', 'Market offering facility', 'French regulatory limits', 'new ATM Program', 'prior ATM program', '7,666,666 remaining ordinary shares', 'shelf registration statement', 'existing share capital', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'The Sales Agreement', 'specialty vaccine company', 'The ATM Program', 'potential future sales', 'remaining amount', 'Securities Act', 'working capital', 'other factors', 'maximum number', 'regulated market', 'market prices', 'financing program', 'prospectus supplement', 'Exchange Commission', 'sales agent', 'Annual Report', 'net proceeds', 'existing cash', 'cash equivalents', 'product candidates', 'reasonable efforts', 'normal sales', 'trading practices', 'Sales prices', 'greater detail', 'Article L.', '37th resolutions', 'similar resolutions', '2024 private placement', 'press release', 'natural persons', 'legal entities', 'investment funds', 'unsolicited investors', ""investors' requests"", 'eligible investors', 'qualified investors', 'current limits', 'Valneva SE', 'Form F-3', 'The ADSs', 'SEC review', '33rd resolution', 'Jefferies LLC', 'Euronext Paris', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'March', 'VLA', 'part', 'renewal', 'August', 'option', 'interest', 'time', 'Rule', 'terms', 'Amended', 'context', 'timing', 'variety', 'obligation', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'File', 'conjunction', 'filing', 'completion', 'symbol', 'extent', 'deduction', 'fees', 'expenses', 'manufacturing', 'commercialization', 'research', 'development', 'products', 'discretion', 'behalf', 'provisions', 'account', 'issuances', 'authorization', 'event', 'period', '12 months', 'less', 'offerings', 'pricing', 'categories', 'companies', 'trusts']",2025-03-06,2025-03-26,finanznachrichten.de
49647,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/27/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/argan-delivered-a-30000-sqm-aut0nom-warehouse-for-dimolog-in-the-south-of-rennes/2080870,ARGAN delivered a 30 000 sq.m Aut0nom® warehouse for DIMOLOG in the South of Rennes,ARGAN is confirming the ongoing momentum of its development plan with the delivery of a new Aut0nom® warehouse. The new asset is located in the city of Bain-de-Bretagne  a few kilometres at the South of Rennes with a direct access to the strategic Rennes-Nantes connection.,"Press release - Neuilly-sur-Seine  Wednesday  March 26  2025 - 17.45 amARGAN delivered a 30 000 sq.m Aut0nom® warehouse for DIMOLOG in the South of RennesARGAN is confirming the ongoing momentum of its development plan with the delivery of a new Aut0nom® warehouse. The new asset is located in the city of Bain-de-Bretagne  a few kilometres at the South of Rennes with a direct access to the strategic Rennes-Nantes connection.Our teams just delivered a new 30 000 sq.m Aut0nom® building in the city of Bain-de-Bretagne on a new plot  which is neighbouring a 12 000 sq.m site  owned by ARGAN and operated by CARREFOUR SUPPLY CHAIN. This logistics platform is made of five cells for storage that represent together 29 000 sq.m  including one that can store flammable liquids. Additionally  an office bloc of 1 000 sq.m was also built.The site welcomes the teams of DIMOLOG on 3 cells representing 19 500 sq.m. DIMOLOG is the brand of DIMOTRANS group that combines the know-how and manufacturing tools of its three subsidiaries  i.e.  BSL - BRETAGNE SERVICES LOGISTIQUES  DUHAMEL LOGISTIQUE and DIMOTRANS LOGISTICS. The DIMOLOG flagship counts 900 employees and 30 warehouses.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyIn this site  DIMOLOG operates more particularly its growing e-logistics business and thus strengthens the regional network around the city of Rennes where the company already has a strong footprint. This new location will enable the company to help its clients grow in the best efficiency conditions.AdvertisementThis Premium site is Aut0nom®-labelled  the Net-Zero 'in-use' warehouse. A photovoltaic power station with a 550 kWp capacity is installed on the roof and coupled with storage batteries of 400 kWh. All green energy production is dedicated to self-consumption  which enables DIMOLOG to cover around 30 % of its energy needs. When compared to a traditional warehouse  CO 2 emissions are reduced by 86 % with limited residual emissions of 1.4 kg CO 2 /sq.m/year. This remaining part of emissions will be compensated by an ambitious reforestation plan with an official 'Low Carbon' label and that will be deployed in France in 2025. The new platform is certified BREEAM Very Good.Rolf Beyer  Founder of BSL and General Manager of DIMOLOG: ""The project led in Bain-de-Bretagne is a new milestone in the development of DIMOLOG's structure and has become a central piece in our organisation. This site now welcomes our headquarters and offers a new workspace for our employees. The Aut0nom® label by ARGAN was a convincing argument in our decision-making process: ARGAN and DIMOLOG are indeed aligned on the highest standards regarding environmental considerations.”Ronan Le Lan  Chairman of ARGAN's Executive Board: ""We warmly thank DIMOLOG's teams  as well as our partners IDEC AGRO teams and A26 for this successful project. The delivery of this site marks the first step of an ambitious development plan of €220 million of already identified investments for 2025 and 2026. ARGAN is convinced of the opportunities linked to this location  on a booming market surrounding the city of Rennes where the possibilities for new developments remain structurally limited.”2025 financial calendar (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)AdvertisementApril 1: Net sales of 1 st quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 1: Net sales of 2 nd quarter 2025quarter 2025 July 17: Half-year results 2025October 1: Net sales of 3rd quarter 2025(Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)January 5: Net sales of 4 th quarter 2025quarter 2025 January 22: Annual results 2025March 26: General Assembly 2026AdvertisementARGAN is the only French real estate company specializing in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT and is the leading player of its market in France. Building on a unique customer-centric approach  ARGAN develops PREMIUM and Au0nom® -labelled - i.e.  carbon-neutral in use - pre-let warehouses for blue-chip companies  with tailor-made services throughout all project phases from the development milestones to the rental management.As at December 31  2024  ARGAN represented a portfolio of 3.7 million sq.m  with about a hundred warehouses solely located in the continental area of France. Appraised at a total of €3.9 billion  this portfolio generates a yearly rental income of close to €205 million (yearly rental income based on the portfolio delivered as at Dec. 31  2024).Profitability  well-mastered debt and sustainability are at the heart of ARGAN's DNA. The financial solidity of the Group's model is notably reflected in its Investment-grade rating (BBB- with a stable outlook) with Standard & Poor's. ARGAN is also deploying a committed ESG policy addressing all its stakeholders. Achievements as part of this roadmap are regularly recognized by third-party agencies such as Sustainalytics (low extra-financial risk)  Ethifinance (gold medal) and Ecovadis (sliver medal - top 15% amongst rated companies).ARGAN is a listed real estate investment company (French SIIC)  on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the Euronext SBF 120  CAC All-Share  EPRA Europe and IEIF SIIC France indices.Advertisementwww.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - CFO Advertisement Aymar de Germay - General Secretary Samy Bensaid - Head of Investor Relations Phone: +33 1 47 47 47 40 E-mail: [email protected] Advertisement www.argan.fr Marlène Brisset - Media relations Phone: +33 6 59 42 29 35 E-mail: [email protected]Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['30,000 sq.m Aut0nom® warehouse', 'ARGAN', 'DIMOLOG', 'South', 'Rennes', ""official 'Low Carbon' label"", 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'French real estate company', '30,000 sq.m Aut0nom® warehouse', 'The Aut0nom® label', 'm Aut0nom® building', 'strategic Rennes-Nantes connection', 'CARREFOUR SUPPLY CHAIN', 'growing e-logistics business', 'best efficiency conditions', 'photovoltaic power station', 'Ronan Le Lan', 'unique customer-centric approach', 'ambitious reforestation plan', 'BRETAGNE SERVICES LOGISTIQUES', 'green energy production', 'committed ESG policy', 'yearly rental income', 'limited residual emissions', 'The DIMOLOG flagship', 'IDEC AGRO teams', 'ambitious development plan', 'new Aut0nom® warehouse', '12,000 sq.m site', 'Privacy Policy', 'energy needs', 'traditional warehouse', 'tailor-made services', 'rental management', 'new asset', 'new 30,000 sq', 'new plot', 'new platform', 'new milestone', 'new workspace', 'new developments', 'Press release', 'ongoing momentum', 'direct access', 'logistics platform', 'flammable liquids', 'office bloc', 'manufacturing tools', 'three subsidiaries', 'DUHAMEL LOGISTIQUE', 'DIMOTRANS LOGISTICS', 'latest news', 'email address', 'regional network', 'strong footprint', '550 kWp capacity', 'CO 2 emissions', 'Rolf Beyer', 'General Manager', 'central piece', 'convincing argument', 'decision-making process', 'highest standards', 'environmental considerations', 'Executive Board', 'first step', '2025 financial calendar', 'stock exchange', 'Net sales', 'Half-year results', 'Annual results', 'General Assembly', 'leading player', 'blue-chip companies', '3.7 million sq', 'continental area', 'financial solidity', 'Investment-grade rating', 'stable outlook', 'Standard & Poor', 'third-party agencies', 'development milestones', 'successful project', 'project phases', 'new location', '1 st quarter', '2 nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4 th quarter', 'five cells', 'DIMOTRANS group', 'storage batteries', 'remaining part', 'booming market', 'hundred warehouses', 'Premium site', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', '29,000 sq', '1,000 sq', '19,500 sq', '3 cells', '30 warehouses', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'ARGAN', 'South', 'delivery', 'Bain-de-Bretagne', 'kilometres', 'brand', 'know-how', 'BSL', '900 employees', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'clients', 'Advertisement', 'Net-Zero', 'roof', '400 kWh', 'self-consumption', '1.4 kg', 'France', 'Founder', 'structure', 'organisation', 'headquarters', 'Chairman', 'partners', 'A26', 'investments', 'opportunities', 'possibilities', 'Publication', 'closing', 'April', 'October', 'January', 'EURONEXT', 'Au0nom', 'December', 'portfolio', 'total', 'Dec.', 'Profitability', 'debt', 'sustainability', 'heart', 'DNA', 'model', 'BBB', 'stakeholders', 'Achievements', 'roadmap', 'Sustainalytics', '45']",2025-03-27,2025-03-26,manilatimes.net
49648,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-castles-technology-partner-deliver-130000710.html,Worldline and Castles Technology partner to deliver innovative SoftPOS payment solution in North America,WLN]  a global leader in payment services  is pleased to announce a strategic partnership with Castles Technology to provide cutting-edge in-person payment solutions in North America.,"VICTORIA  BC  March 26  2025 /CNW/ - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  is pleased to announce a strategic partnership with Castles Technology to provide cutting-edge in-person payment solutions in North America.Worldline Logo (CNW Group/Worldline)Worldline specializes in delivering top-tier payments technology to Independent Software Vendors (ISVs)  Independent Sales Organizations (ISOs)  and Banks  in numerous vertical markets across North America. Through industry-leading customer care  local expertise  and seamless integrations  Worldline is dedicated to helping businesses of all sizes grow with innovative payment solutions. As part of this commitment  Worldline is excited to collaborate with Castles Technology  a leading player in the terminal provider industry.Castles Technology offers advanced Android payment technology  which is widely preferred by merchants worldwide for its reliability and efficiency. They have established a reputation for prioritizing security  innovation  and user-centric solutions  which align directly with Worldline's strategic goals and position them as a highly trusted partner.""At Castles Technology  we are committed to pushing the boundaries of payment innovation  and our partnership with Worldline represents a major leap forward in redefining how businesses accept payments "" says Joe Mach  North America CEO  Castles Technology. ""By combining our state-of-the-art Android payment solutions with Worldline's deep industry expertise  we are enabling merchants to seamlessly adopt secure  software-based payment acceptance. Together  we are not just meeting market demands—we are shaping the future of payments  providing businesses with the flexibility and security they need to thrive in an increasingly digital world.""This partnership is to provide the premier solution for ISVs by combining competitive advantages and collaborating on an advanced SoftPOS solution. SoftPOS  a software-based Point of Sale  allows merchants to securely accept payments directly on a phone  tablet  or other Android mobile device  bypassing the need for additional hardware. This solution significantly reduces costs associated with traditional POS hardware and can enhance the merchant experience with increased mobility  faster checkout times  and easy integrations. SoftPOS is an excellent fit for a wide range of industries  including field services  not-for-profits  and event management  as well as for small to medium-sized merchants who prioritize mobility and cost-savings.",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['innovative SoftPOS payment solution', 'Castles Technology partner', 'North America', 'Worldline', 'other Android mobile device', 'secure, software-based payment acceptance', 'small to medium-sized merchants', 'advanced Android payment technology', 'Android payment solutions', 'Independent Software Vendors', 'Independent Sales Organizations', 'numerous vertical markets', 'industry-leading customer care', 'terminal provider industry', 'faster checkout times', 'person payment solutions', 'innovative payment solutions', 'deep industry expertise', 'traditional POS hardware', 'North America CEO', 'advanced SoftPOS solution', 'top-tier payments technology', 'payment services', 'software-based Point', 'user-centric solutions', 'local expertise', 'payment innovation', 'additional hardware', 'Castles Technology', 'global leader', 'seamless integrations', 'leading player', 'strategic goals', 'trusted partner', 'major leap', 'Joe Mach', 'market demands', 'digital world', 'premier solution', 'competitive advantages', 'merchant experience', 'easy integrations', 'excellent fit', 'wide range', 'field services', 'event management', 'CNW Group', 'strategic partnership', 'Worldline Logo', 'VICTORIA', 'BC', 'March', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'cutting-edge', 'ISVs', 'ISOs', 'Banks', 'businesses', 'sizes', 'commitment', 'reliability', 'efficiency', 'reputation', 'boundaries', 'state', 'future', 'flexibility', 'security', 'tablet', 'need', 'costs', 'mobility', 'industries', 'profits', 'cost-savings']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,finance.yahoo.com
49649,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-03/64929849-sampo-plc-notice-of-the-annual-general-meeting-399.htm,Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting,Sampo plc  stock exchange release  26 March 2024 at 10:25 am EET Sampo plc: Notice of the Annual General Meeting Notice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of the Annual General Meeting,"Sampo plc  stock exchange release  26 March 2024 at 10:25 am EETSampo plc: Notice of the Annual General MeetingNotice is given to the shareholders of Sampo plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  23 April 2025 at 2.00 pm (EEST) at the Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre's Congress Wing  address Rautatieläisenkatu 3  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and serving of coffee prior to the meeting will start at 12.30 pm (EEST).Shareholders have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting. In addition  shareholders may follow the meeting through a live webcast. The webcast begins on 23 April 2025 at 2.00 pm (EEST). Following the meeting through the webcast is not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or the exercising of shareholder rights. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise or vote through the webcast. Shareholders who wish to follow the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. To receive the link for the webcast  shareholders are required to register through the registration system. The instructions regarding the advance voting and registering for the webcast are presented in Section C.6-7 herein.A. Items on the agenda of the Annual General MeetingThe information and proposals of agenda items 1 to 5 concerning the formal organisational matters of the Annual General Meeting are included in a separate organisational document published on Sampo's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)  which document also constitutes a part of this notice. The document may be supplemented at the meeting with any information that is not available before the Annual General Meeting.At the Annual General Meeting  the following items will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report for the financial year 2024Review by the Group CEOAuditor's Report and Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report presented by the Auditor and Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a total dividend of EUR 0.34 per share be paid to all shares except for the shares held by Sampo plc on the dividend record date of 25 April 2025. The dividend will be paid to the shareholders registered in the Company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as at the record date of 25 April 2025. The Board proposes that the dividends be paid on 6 May 2025.The issuer of the Swedish depository receipts shall ensure that the dividend is paid to the depository receipt holders registered in the securities depository and settlement register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as at the record date of 25 April 2025  which payment shall be made in Swedish Krona. The dividend payment for shares registered in the form of share entitlements book-entered in VP Securities A/S in Denmark as at the record date of 25 April 2025 will be administered by VP Securities A/S subsequent to receipt of the dividend from Euroclear Finland.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 202410. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2024 be adopted by the Annual General Meeting through an advisory resolution.The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the following annual fees be paid to the members of the Board of Directors until the close of the next Annual General Meeting:EUR 243 000 for the Chair of the Board (prev. EUR 235 000);EUR 140 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board (prev. EUR 135 000);EUR 108 000 for each member of the Board (prev. EUR 104 000);EUR 30 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee as an additional annual fee (prev. EUR 29 000); andEUR 6 800 for each member of the Audit Committee as an additional annual fee (prev. EUR 6 600).A Board member must acquire Sampo plc A shares at the price paid in public trading with 50 per cent of his/her annual fee after the deduction of taxes  payments and potential statutory social and pension costs. Notwithstanding this  a Board member is not required to purchase any additional Sampo plc A shares if the Board member owns such amount of said shares that their value is equivalent to twice the respective Board member's gross annual fee. The Company will pay any possible transfer tax related to the acquisition of the shares.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of Board members is decreased by one and that eight members be elected to the Board.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors proposes that the current members of the Board Christian Clausen  Steve Langan  Risto Murto  Antti Mäkinen  Markus Rauramo  Astrid Stange and Annica Witschard be re-elected for a term continuing until the close of the next Annual General Meeting. Of the current members  Georg Ehrnrooth and Jannica Fagerholm are not available for re-election. The Committee proposes that Sara Mella be elected as a new member to the Board.All the proposed Board members have been determined to be independent of the Company and its major shareholders under the rules of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code 2025.The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).14. Resolution on the remuneration of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that compensation be paid to the Company's Auditor and to the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider against invoices approved by the Company.15. Election of the Auditor and the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Audit Committee of the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Authorised Public Accountant Firm Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company's Auditor for the financial year 2025. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc's Auditor  the firm has announced that APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the auditor with principal responsibility.The Audit Committee also proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm Deloitte Ltd be re-elected as the Company's Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider for the financial year 2025. If Deloitte Ltd is elected as Sampo plc's Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider  the firm has announced that APA ASA Jukka Vattulainen will continue as the principal authorised sustainability auditor.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorise the Board to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions  a maximum of 250 000 000 Sampo plc A shares. The maximum number of shares represents approximately 9.29 per cent of all outstanding A shares of the Company as of number of shares on the date of the Board's proposal. The repurchased shares will be cancelled.The shares may be repurchased either through an offer to all shareholders on equal terms or through other means and otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company's shareholders (directed repurchase) if the Board of Directors deems that there are weighty financial reasons for such directed repurchase. Directed repurchases may be carried out  among others  through open market purchases  participation in accelerated book-building processes or through arranging reversed accelerated book-building processes.The purchase price per share shall be no more than:(i) the highest price paid for the Company's shares in public trading on the day of the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company's own shares  or alternatively (ii) the average of the share prices (volume weighted average price on the regulated markets where the Company's share is admitted to trading) during the five trading days preceding the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company's own shares.The lowest purchase price per share shall be the price that is 20 per cent lower than the lowest price paid for the Company's shares in public trading during the validity of this authorisation until the repurchase or the offer to repurchase the Company's own shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months from the Annual General Meeting's decision.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the Annual General MeetingThe proposals for decisions on the items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available on Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm). The Financial Statements  the Report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's Report  the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report and the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies for the financial year 2024 are available on Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/year2024 (https://www.sampo.com/year2024). The proposals for decisions and the other above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the meeting will be available at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm) on 7 May 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the Annual General MeetingThe registration for the Annual General Meeting and the advance voting will commence on 26 March 2025 at 3:00 pm (EET) and end on 14 April 2025 at 4.00 pm (EEST). For holders of Swedish depositary receipts  the registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on 26 March 2025 at 3.00 pm (EET) and end on 14 April 2025 at 9.00 am (EEST). For Danish shareholders  the registration for the Annual General Meeting and the advance voting will commence on 26 March 2025 at 2:00 pm (CET) and end on 11 April 2025 at 3:00 pm (CEST)  Instructions on the registration for the Annual General Meeting for shareholders wishing to participate in the meeting at the meeting venue are set out in Subsections 1  2 and 3 below. Instructions for holders of nominee-registered shares are set out below under Subsection 4. Information on proxy documents and Suomi.fi authorisations are set out in Subsection 5 below. The instructions for advance voting are set out in Subsection 6 below. Instructions regarding the registration for the live webcast are set out in Subsection 7 below.In connection with the registration and advance voting  at least the following information is requested: the shareholder's name  date of birth (except for shareholders with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in Denmark) or business ID  email address  telephone number and information on a possible authorised representative. Strong electronic identification is required for the registration on the Company's website of shareholders  their authorised representatives and proxy representatives who are private persons by using Finnish  Swedish or Danish online banking IDs or mobile certificates. For shareholders that are Finnish legal persons  electronic registration requires providing the entity's business ID and that the relevant authorised person uses strong electronic identification for the registration. For shareholders that are legal persons with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in Denmark  registration requires providing the entity's business ID  name of the shareholder  name and birthdate of the authorised representative  and an email address  the entity's address and telephone number as contact information.The personal data provided by the shareholders to the Company is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and the processing of related registrations.More information on registration for the meeting and advance voting is available until 14 April 2025 by phone from Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 12.00 noon and between 1.00 pm and 4.00 pm (EET/EEST).1. Shareholders registered with Euroclear Finland Oy in FinlandEach shareholder who is on 9 April 2025 registered in the shareholders' register of Sampo plc held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company.A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders' register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall notify the Company thereof according to the instructions set out below.Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 4.00 pm (EEST) on Monday 14 April 2025a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email to agm@innovatics.fi or regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Sampo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.c) By telephone to Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 12.00 noon and between 1.00 pm and 4.00 pm (EET/EEST). When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.Registration must be received by 4.00 pm (EEST) on Monday 14 April 2025 irrespective of the registration method.2. Shareholders registered with VP Securities A/S in DenmarkEach shareholder who is on 9 April 2025 registered in the shareholders' register of Sampo plc held by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities Copenhagen) has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. Such shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall notify Euronext thereof according to the instructions set out below.Notification of participation shall be made no later than by 3.00 pm (CEST) on Friday 11 April 2025a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email to CPH-investor@euronext.com (mailto:CPH-investor@euronext.com)c) By telephone to Euronext at +45 4358 8866 from Monday to Friday between 9.00 am and 4.00 pm (CET/CEST). When registering by phone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.Registration must be received by 3.00 pm (CEST) on Friday 11 April 2025 irrespective of the registration method.If you represent a legal entity/person  you must present proof of identification and rights of representation. Such identification may consist of a document that proves your authorisation to sign on behalf of the entity or a document that process you are part of the management of the entity.Shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Denmark and who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting are advised to request their trustee for the necessary instructions regarding the registration and advance voting. The trustee shall register the shareholder according to the instructions above to Euronext Securities Copenhagen no later than 11 April 2025 at 3.00 pm (CEST).3. Holders of Swedish depository receiptsHolders of Swedish depository receipts (SDRs) have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares represented by the SDRs based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 9 April 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the holder of SDRs has been registered  on the basis of such shares represented by the SDRs  into the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am (EEST) on 16 April 2025  and the request regarding such registration must be delivered to the issuer of the SDRs and all necessary actions taken at the latest by 9.00 am (EEST) on 14 April 2025. As regards holders of SDRs  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of SDRs is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions from their custodian bank which the holder of the SDRs has appointed to hold the SDRs on their account. Said custodian bank shall take necessary actions to the effect that a holder of SDRs who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting is registered into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by 10.00 am (EEST) on 16 April 2025 and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holders of SDRs before the end of the registration period.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).4. Holders of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 9 April 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares into the temporary shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 10.00 am (EEST) on 16 April 2025. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes a due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholders' register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents  voting instructions and registration and advance voting for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank. The custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the temporary shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the date stated above and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company's website www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).5. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance in accordance with the instructions provided herein. The proxy representative shall authenticate in the electronic registration service and advance voting (if applicable) personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder whom they represent.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. Providing the right to represent can be done by using the suomi.fi e-authorizations service available in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment as part of the electronic registration  or alternatively  through email to agm@innovatics.fi (mailto:agm@innovatics.fi) or as originals to the address Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Sampo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland before the end of the registration period.Delivering of a proxy prior to the end of the registration period is considered as registration for the meeting if all required information for registration described above is given.Shareholders may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of a traditional authorisation. In such case  the shareholder authorises a representative in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations) by using the category ""Representation at a general meeting"". The representative shall in connection with the registration to Innovatics' general meeting service identify oneself through strong electronic identification. After that  the electronic authorisation will be proofed automatically. Online banking credentials or a mobile certificate may be used for strong electronic identification. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (https://www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations) and Sampo plc's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).6. Advance votingShareholders may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting.a. Shareholders with shares registered with Euroclear Finland Oy in FinlandEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy as described in Subsection 1 above may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 26 March 2025 at 3.00 pm (EET) and 14 April 2025 at 4.00 pm (EEST):a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email by submitting the advance voting form available on the Company's website or equivalent information to agm@innovatics.fi (mailto:agm@innovatics.fi) or regular mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Sampo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.b. Shareholders with shares registered with VP Securities A/S in DenmarkEach shareholder who is registered in the shareholders' register of Sampo plc held by VP Securities A/S (Euronext Securities Copenhagen) as described in Subsection 2 above may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 26 March 2025 at 2.00 pm (EET) and 11 April 2025 at 3.00 pm (CEST):a) On the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm)b) By email to CPH-investor@euronext.com (mailto:CPH-investor@euronext.com)Shareholders whose shares are held in trust in Denmark and who wish to vote in advance are advised to instruct the trustee to vote in advance on behalf of such shareholders by 3.00 pm (CEST) on 11 April 2025 at the latest according to the instructions set out in this notice.The advance votes must be received by the end of the advance voting period. The submission of votes by email or by regular mail before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be regarded as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for the registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal if they are present or represented at the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to be presented unchanged at the Annual General Meeting. Therefore  under agenda item 13  if any of the members proposed to be elected to the Board of Directors are unavailable for election to the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting for any reason  the number of the proposed members unavailable for election will be automatically decreased from the number of the members of the Board of Directors to be elected  and the remaining candidates available for election will be elected in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.Instructions regarding the advance voting  and the terms related to the electronic advance voting are also available on the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).7. WebcastA shareholder who is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting may also follow the meeting via live webcast. Following the meeting through the webcast is not considered as participation in the Annual General Meeting or the exercising of shareholder rights. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise or vote through the webcast. Webcast access to the Annual General Meeting will be provided through Inderes Oyj's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the General Meeting. Following the webcast does not require any paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  following the webcast requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound. One of the following browsers is recommended: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  or Opera. It is advisable to log in to the meeting system well in advance of the meeting.The link and password for following the meeting via the webcast will be sent by e-mail and/or SMS to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration to all those who have registered for the General Meeting no later than the day before the General Meeting.For more information on the general meeting service  additional instructions for proxies representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions can be found here: https://vagm.fi/support (https://vagm.fi/support). A link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the network connection can be found here: https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en (https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en). It is recommended that you read the detailed instructions before the meeting. More information and instructions can also be found on the Company's website at www.sampo.com/agm (https://www.sampo.com/agm).8. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the items to be considered at the meeting.Any changes in the ownership of shares that have occurred after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in nor the number of votes of the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting.On the date of this Notice of the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in Sampo plc is 2 690 238 860 A shares  representing 2 690 238 860 votes  and 1 000 000 B shares  representing 5 000 000 votes  i.e. a total of 2 691 238 860 shares and 2 695 238 860 votes. At the Annual General Meeting  each A share carries one vote and each B share carries five votes.All of Sampo plc's B shares are owned by a shareholder independent from the Company. Based on Sampo plc's articles of association  each B share can be converted into an A share at the request of the holder of the B share. Subject to the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  the general meeting may resolve upon a directed acquisition of own shares  decide on the amendment of the articles of association to the effect that share classes are combined or otherwise reduce share class rights only provided such a proposal is supported by at least two thirds of the votes and shares  per share class  represented at the meeting. Thus  the authority to decide on the combination of Sampo plc's share classes does not rest with the Company.Helsinki  26 March 2025SAMPO PLCBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Sami TaipalusHead of Investor Relationstel. +358 10 516 0030Maria SilanderCommunications Manager  Media Relationstel. +358 10 516 0031Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiNasdaq StockholmNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeFIN-FSAThe principal mediawww.sampo.com (https://www.sampo.com/)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc', 'Notice', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider', 'Sustainability Reporting Assurance Report', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Sampo plc A shares', 'stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'VP Securities A/S', 'additional annual fee', 'Swedish depository receipts', 'formal organisational matters', 'separate organisational document', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'depository receipt holders', 'EET Sampo plc', 'The Remuneration Report', 'dividend record date', 'securities depository', 'A. Items', 'annual fees', 'Swedish Krona', 'Convention Centre', 'Congress Wing', 'Rautatieläisenkatu', 'voting rights', 'shareholder rights', 'registration system', 'following items', 'Financial Statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'settlement register', 'Governing Bodies', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Audit Committee', 'public trading', '50 per cent', 'potential statutory', 'total dividend', 'Helsinki Exhibition', 'Group CEO', 'share entitlements', 'advance voting', 'agenda items', 'Vice Chair', 'advisory resolution', 'The Board', 'live webcast', ""shareholders' register"", 'dividend payment', 'Board member', 'Notice', 'Wednesday', '23 April', 'EEST', 'reception', 'persons', 'serving', 'coffee', 'opportunity', 'participation', 'exercising', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'link', 'instructions', 'Section', 'information', 'website', 'agm', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'use', 'profit', '25 April', 'Company', 'dividends', '6 May', 'issuer', 'Denmark', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'Nomination', 'close', 'price', 'deduction', 'taxes', 'payments', '10:25', '2.00', '12.30', '10.']",2025-03-06,2025-03-26,finanznachrichten.de
49650,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/26/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/fda-issues-nyxoah-an-approvable-letter-for-its-genio-system/2080289,FDA Issues Nyxoah an Approvable Letter for its Genio® System,"CET / 3:00am ET - Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (""Nyxoah” or the ""Company”)  that develops breakthrough treatment alternatives for Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) through neuromodulation  today announced that the U.","INSIDE INFORMATIONREGULATED INFORMATIONFDA Issues Nyxoah an Approvable Letter for its Genio® SystemGet the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyMont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium - March 26  2025  8:00am CET / 3:00am ET - Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (""Nyxoah” or the ""Company”)  that develops breakthrough treatment alternatives for Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) through neuromodulation  today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has issued an Approvable Letter regarding the Company's Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application for the Genio® system.The Approvable Letter means that Nyxoah's application for marketing the device in the United States substantially meets the requirements of the Federal Food  Drug and Cosmetic Act and the FDA's PMA implementing regulations codified at 21 C.F.R. Part 814  and the FDA will approve the application subject to satisfactory completion of a manufacturing facilities  methods and controls review. The Company will work closely with the FDA to address these requests and is committed to bringing this innovative therapy to U.S. patients.Advertisement""The FDA has reviewed our submission and determined that it substantially meets the requirements for approval: the FDA's Approvable Letter included no further questions on the clinical data or biocompatibility that support the submission ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah's Chief Executive Officer. ""We are still on the right track to make Genio available to U.S. patients suffering from OSA.”This decision does not impact Genio's CE Mark or ongoing commercial activities in Europe  where the device is approved for both Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) and non-CCC patients.About NyxoahNyxoah is a medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of innovative solutions to treat Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA). Nyxoah's lead solution is the Genio® system  a patient-centered  leadless and battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy for OSA  the world's most common sleep disordered breathing condition that is associated with increased mortality risk and cardiovascular comorbidities. Nyxoah is driven by the vision that OSA patients should enjoy restful nights and feel enabled to live their life to its fullest.AdvertisementFollowing the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors' therapy. Additionally  the Company announced positive outcomes from the DREAM IDE pivotal study.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/.Caution - CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSAdvertisementCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah's goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; the satisfactory completion of a manufacturing facilities  methods and controls review and receipt of FDA approval; entrance to the U.S. market; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the ""Risk Factors” section of the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2024  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC”) on March 20  2025  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahJohn Landry  CFOAdvertisement[email protected]For MediaIn United StatesAdvertisementFINN Partners - Alyssa Paldo[email protected]In International/GermanyAdvertisementMC Services - Anne Hennecke[email protected]In Belgium/FranceBackstage Communication - Gunther De Backer[email protected]Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.19,0.42,True,English,"['FDA Issues', 'Approvable Letter', 'Genio® System', 'Nyxoah', 'common sleep disordered breathing condition', '21 C.F.R. Part', 'DREAM IDE pivotal study', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'battery-free hypoglossal neurostimulation therapy', 'U.S. federal law', 'Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients', 'BETTER SLEEP study', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'U.S. Food', 'U.S. market', 'U.S. patients', 'breakthrough treatment alternatives', 'Federal Food, Drug', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'ongoing commercial activities', 'Complete Concentric Collapse', 'increased mortality risk', 'two successful IPOs', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'European CE Mark', 'PMA implementing regulations', 'BLAST OSA study', 'Risk Factors” section', 'CE mark approval', 'The Approvable Letter', 'medical technology company', 'financial condition', 'non-CCC patients', 'innovative therapy', ""competitors' therapy"", 'Drug Administration', 'successful completion', 'clinical data', 'OSA patients', 'The FDA', 'The Company', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'Pre-Market Approval', 'United States', 'Cosmetic Act', 'satisfactory completion', 'manufacturing facilities', 'controls review', 'Olivier Taelman', 'right track', 'innovative solutions', 'lead solution', 'patient-centered, leadless', 'cardiovascular comorbidities', 'restful nights', 'positive outcomes', 'therapeutic indications', 'investigational use', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'potential advantages', 'regulatory pathway', 'potential use', 'financial effects', 'Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'subsequent reports', 'past trends', 'Genio® System', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'other factors', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '8:00am CET', 'FDA Issues', 'FDA approval', 'Investigational device', 'actual results', 'actual events', 'Nyxoah SA', '3:00am', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'March', 'NYXH', 'neuromodulation', 'application', 'requirements', 'methods', 'requests', 'Advertisement', 'submission', 'questions', 'biocompatibility', 'decision', 'development', 'commercialization', 'world', 'vision', 'life', 'September', 'July', 'expansion', 'Caution', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'goals', 'respect', 'utility', 'receipt', 'entrance', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'performance', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'year', 'Securities', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,manilatimes.net
49651,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/admission-trading-ab-iauli-bankas-070000603.html,Admission to trading of AB Šiaulių bankas Notes on Euronext Dublin,THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM PART OF ANY OFFER  INVITATION TO SELL OR ISSUE  OR ANY SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR  ANY SECURITIES OF AB ŠIAULIŲ BANKAS.On 25 March 2025 the EUR 300 ,Siauliu BankasTHIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE OR FORM PART OF ANY OFFER  INVITATION TO SELL OR ISSUE  OR ANY SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE OR SUBSCRIBE FOR  ANY SECURITIES OF AB ŠIAULIŲ BANKAS.On 25 March 2025 the EUR 300 000 000 4.597 per cent. Fixed Rate Reset Callable Senior Preferred Notes (ISIN XS3025213102) of AB Šiaulių bankas were admitted to the official list of Euronext Dublin and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin administered by the Irish Stock Exchange plc.This communication is not an offer of securities or investments for sale nor a solicitation of an offer to buy securities or investments in any jurisdiction where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. No action has been taken that would permit an offering of securities or possession or distribution of this announcement in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession this announcement comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.Additional information:Tomas VarenbergasHead of Investment Management Divisiontomas.varenbergas@sb.lt,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['AB Šiaulių bankas Notes', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Admission', 'trading', 'Fixed Rate Reset Callable Senior Preferred Notes', 'Irish Stock Exchange plc', 'Investment Management Division', 'AB Šiaulių bankas', 'Siauliu Bankas', 'ISIN XS3025213102', 'official list', 'Euronext Dublin', 'regulated market', 'Additional information', 'Tomas Varenbergas', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'PART', 'OFFER', 'INVITATION', 'SELL', 'ISSUE', 'SOLICITATION', 'PURCHASE', 'SUBSCRIBE', 'SECURITIES', '25 March', 'communication', 'investments', 'sale', 'jurisdiction', 'action', 'possession', 'distribution', 'purpose', 'Persons', 'restrictions', 'Head', 'sb', 'lt']",2025-03-26,2025-03-26,finance.yahoo.com
