UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
46835,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.cnbc.com/2024/11/05/us-election-is-a-make-or-break-moment-for-ukraine-and-future-aid.html,The U.S. election is a make-or-break moment for aid to Ukraine,Ukrainian officials are likely watching U.S. polls with more than a touch of nervousness this week  as the vote remains too close to call.,"Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskiy speaks as he meets with democratic presidential nominee and U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris (not pictured)  in the Vice President's Ceremonial Office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House campus in Washington  U.S.  September 26  2024. Kevin Lamarque | ReutersTensions are likely running high in Kyiv ahead of Tuesday's presidential election in the U.S. — a vote that could make or break ongoing aid for Ukraine. The latest poll from NBC News showed a ""deadlocked race"" between Republican nominee and former U.S. President Donald Trump and the Democrats' candidate  current Vice President Kamala Harris. For Kyiv  the big issue is how much support and financial backing it will continue to receive after White House leader Joe Biden  who has been in term throughout Russia's war in Ukraine  leaves office. Follow: Election 2024 live updates: Trump and Harris await Presidential election results After almost three years of fighting  there's no doubt that funding fatigue is setting in among Kyiv's biggest military supporters  particularly the U.S.  despite ongoing public shows of support for Ukraine from the White House and NATO. It's widely agreed that a Trump administration and hard-line Republicans would be far more hostile toward granting Ukraine more military aid  significantly inhibiting its ability to continue to fight back against Russia. However  it's also likely that even a Kyiv-friendly administration under Kamala Harris  who has pledged to continue supporting the war-torn nation  could struggle to convince U.S. lawmakers to give far more financial backing to Ukraine. Officials in Kyiv say the election is being watched closely  amid concerns that future aid could be cut. ""Of course  we understand that this is one of the possible scenarios which would be heavily unfavorable for Ukraine "" senior Ukrainian official Yuriy Sak told CNBC last week. ""But on our part  we will do everything to continue to convince our partners in the U.S. to maintain the funding and the support at the same level  because the alternative is bad for all parties involved  including the United States of America "" he added. ""We  of course  are watching very closely what is happening. We have our opinion about the different candidates  but ... we hope and count that regardless of who is the next president  the United States of America will continue to support Ukraine until our victory and until we re-establish just peace."": Ukrainian soldiers run for shelter from Russian army attacks as the war between Russia and Ukraine continues in the city of Toretsk  Donetsk  Ukraine  on July 5  2024. The situation on the Toretsk front is tense. Anadolu | Anadolu | Getty ImagesUkraine relies on its international partners for the military  humanitarian and financial needed to both keep the country functioning economically  and to remain militarily capable of fighting back against Russian forces entrenched in southern Ukraine  and those slowly advancing in the Donbas region in the east of the country. The Kiel Institute of the World Economy  seen as one of the most reliable trackers of external aid for Ukraine  calculates that the U.S. has spent nearly $108 billion on military  humanitarian and financial aid since the start of the war in Feb. 2022 to Aug. 31 this year  while EU member states and institutions (such as the European Investment Bank and European Commission) have spent a collective 161.11 billion euros ($175.47 billion on such aid.)The likelihood of funding drying upU.S. largesse toward Ukraine has become an increasingly tough sell to U.S. lawmakers  with months of delays and objections from hard-line Republicans over a $61-billion aid package that was eventually passed in spring. A crucial factor for Ukraine is whether the Democrats of Republicans dominate Congress after the election  a deciding factor in how much power the future president wields  and to what extent he or she is able to support — or thwart — Ukraine financially. Donald Trump has heavily suggested that he would pull the plug on military aid for Kyiv  after claiming that he would stop the war within 24 hours of being elected  without providing further details of how he would do so. Analysts say it's likely that Trump sees a block on funding as a way to forcibly stop the war. His running mate J.D. Vance is explicitly opposed to further aid for Ukraine  arguing that the U.S. should encourage Kyiv to strike a peace deal with Russia and should be prepared to cede land to Moscow.Republican presidential nominee and former U.S. President Donald Trump gestures during a rally with his vice presidential running mate U.S. Senator JD Vance in St. Cloud  Minnesota  U.S.  July 27  2024. Carlos Osorio | ReutersTrump pulling the plug on Ukraine funding immediately would be an extreme scenario  according to economists at Berenberg Bank  but is a distinct possibility from a politician known for his unpredictability. ""Although Europe is the top donor to Ukraine  U.S. military assistance is vital for Kyiv "" Berenberg Bank said in emailed comments last month. ""Unless Europe steps into the breach fast and issues  say  €50 billion [$54.1 billion] of bonds so it can buy in the U.S. the weapons and ammunition that Ukraine needs but Europe cannot produce  Putin could win the war of attrition  forcing Ukraine into submission."" While an election win for Harris would be a relief for Kyiv  given that she has vehemently pledged her administration would support Ukraine ""for as long as it takes "" neither she nor Washington has ever clearly defined the exact meaning of her statement  what a Ukrainian victory looks like  or whether there is a limit to U.S. aid. In the week before the presidential election  Western officials were reported as saying that a Harris administration would likely struggle to push significant aid for Ukraine through Congress. CNBC has reached out to the Harris and Trump campaign teams.Making Russia pay?Leaders of the Group of Seven (G7) group of industrialized countries have looked to ""Trump-proof"" near-term aid to Ukraine ahead of the Nov.5 election  agreeing in late October a $50 billion loan to Ukraine that will be backed by frozen Russian assets. The G7 said it would start disbursing the funds before the end of the year  essentially before any new U.S. administration can row back on the agreement. If the U.S. pulls back on funding for Ukraine in 2025  however  Europe will be on the hook to support Kyiv going forward  making the thorny issue of continuing to use the proceeds of a deep pool of frozen Russian central bank assets — the vast majority of which are held in Europe — a pressing point. ""Now $50 billion [agreed by the G7] sounds like a lot of cash but it only amounts to 3-4 months of Ukraine's funding needs "" Timothy Ash  emerging markets strategist at BlueBay Asset Management  said in emailed comments last month. He is among those pressing for an estimated $330 billion immobilized Russian assets to be seized and allocated to Ukraine to help it continue to fight back against Russia  and he has noted the pushback from some EU nations who fear Russia will retaliate against such a move. Some nations have more to fear than others; currently  around $191 billion of all immobilized Russia assets are held in the Belgian central securities depository  Euroclear.Democratic presidential nominee and U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris shakes hands with Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskiy  as they meet in the Vice President's Ceremonial Office in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House campus in Washington  U.S.  September 26  2024. Kevin Lamarque | ReutersAsh said he would urge any future Trump administration to pressure the EU ""to release the full $330 billion in assets to Ukraine."" ""Ukraine could then fund its own defence and recovery "" he said  flagging the country could perhaps even commit to spending a large proportion of the funds to buy defense equipment in the U.S. ""A sum of $150 billion spent in the U.S. over ten years say would be the biggest foreign defence purchase in the U.S.' history. It would save the U.S. taxpayer writing cheques for Ukraine  secure thousands of defence industry jobs in the U.S.  help win Ukraine the war and build up its own defence against future Russian attack  and all funded by the aggressor — Russia "" Ash suggested.A precarious futureWhatever the outcome of Tuesday's vote  analysts agree that Ukraine faces a precarious future amid waning Western support and funding fatigue. Tim Willasey-Wilsey  senior associate fellow at the Royal United Services Institute  a defense think tank  commented that ""the immediate peril"" for Ukraine comes from the 2024 U.S. presidential election. ""The forthcoming presidential election in the US represents the point of maximum danger. A win by Donald Trump could see him placing a phone call to Russian President Vladimir Putin as early as 6 November. Any such call would set expectations of a negotiated settlement  with discussions possibly beginning in the early months of 2025 "" he said.Then President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin at a joint press conference after their summit on July 16  2018  in Helsinki  Finland. Chris McGrath | Getty Images News | Getty Images",neutral,0.1,0.87,0.03,mixed,0.08,0.15,0.76,True,English,"['The U.S. election', 'break moment', 'make', 'aid', 'Ukraine', 'former U.S. President Donald Trump', 'senior Ukrainian official Yuriy Sak', 'U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris', 'White House leader Joe Biden', 'current Vice President Kamala Harris', 'U.S. Senator JD Vance', 'U.S. military assistance', 'vice presidential running mate', 'President Volodymyr Zelenskiy', 'J.D. Vance', 'White House campus', 'U.S. lawmakers', 'U.S. largesse', 'The Kiel Institute', 'collective 161.11 billion euros', 'democratic presidential nominee', 'biggest military supporters', 'ongoing public shows', 'Russian army attacks', 'EU member states', 'Republican presidential nominee', 'Eisenhower Executive Office', 'Election 2024 live updates', 'Presidential election results', '$61-billion aid package', 'European Investment Bank', 'next president', 'future president', 'Ukrainian soldiers', 'Republican nominee', 'Trump administration', 'Russian forces', 'European Commission', 'military aid', 'ongoing aid', 'Reuters Trump', 'United States', 'Berenberg Bank', 'military, humanitarian', 'Ceremonial Office', 'Kevin Lamarque', 'latest poll', 'NBC News', 'deadlocked race', 'big issue', 'financial backing', 'three years', 'Kyiv-friendly administration', 'war-torn nation', 'possible scenarios', 'same level', 'different candidates', 'Getty Images', 'Donbas region', 'World Economy', 'reliable trackers', 'tough sell', 'crucial factor', 'deciding factor', 'St. Cloud', 'Carlos Osorio', 'extreme scenario', 'distinct possibility', 'top donor', 'future aid', 'external aid', 'financial aid', 'hard-line Republicans', ""Democrats' candidate"", 'Toretsk front', 'international partners', 'peace deal', 'funding fatigue', 'southern Ukraine', 'Ukraine funding', 'Washington', 'Tensions', 'Tuesday', 'vote', 'term', 'fighting', 'doubt', 'ability', 'Officials', 'concerns', 'CNBC', 'everything', 'alternative', 'parties', 'America', 'opinion', 'victory', 'shelter', 'city', 'Donetsk', 'July', 'situation', 'Anadolu', 'country', 'east', 'start', 'Feb.', 'Aug.', 'institutions', 'likelihood', 'months', 'delays', 'objections', 'spring', 'Congress', 'power', 'extent', 'plug', '24 hours', 'details', 'Analysts', 'block', 'way', 'land', 'Moscow', 'rally', 'Minnesota', 'economists', 'politician', 'emaile']",2024-11-05,2024-11-06,cnbc.com
46836,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-cantargia-171500174.html,Notice of extraordinary general meeting in Cantargia AB (publ),The shareholders of  AB (publ) are invited to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday  2 December 2024  at 10.00 CET at Ideon Gateway  Scheelevägen 27  Lund  Sweden. Right,LUND  SE / ACCESSWIRE / November 6  2024 / Cantargia (STO:CANTA) The shareholders of Cantargia AB (publ) are invited to the extraordinary general meeting on Monday  2 December 2024  at 10.00 CET at Ideon Gateway  Scheelevägen 27  Lund  Sweden.Right to participate and noticeParticipation at the venueShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday  22 November 2024  andnotify the company of their intention to participate in the meeting not later than Tuesday  26 November 2024. Notification shall be made through a digital form available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com. Notification may also be made by post to Cantargia AB (publ)  Scheelevägen 27  SE-223 63 Lund  Sweden. When giving notice  the shareholder shall state name  personal or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and the number of any accompanying assistant(s) (maximum two assistants) as well as information about any proxy.Shareholder represented by a proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent indicating the authorized signatories of the legal entity must be enclosed. The original power of attorney and any registration certificate or equivalent shall be sent to the company at the address above well in advance of the meeting. Proxy forms are available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com  and will be sent by post to shareholders who so request and state their postal address.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the meeting by postal voting must:be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday  22 November 2024  andnotify the company of their intention to participate in the meeting by submitting their postal vote by using the digital postal voting form that is available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com. The form must be submitted so that it is received by the company no later than Tuesday  26 November 2024.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.If a shareholder votes by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney must be enclosed to the postal voting form. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent indicating the authorized signatories of the legal entity must be enclosed. Proxy forms are available on the company's website  www.cantargia.com.Story Continues,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['extraordinary general meeting', 'Cantargia AB', 'Notice', 'digital postal voting form', 'accompanying assistant(s', 'maximum two assistants', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'corporate registration number', 'digital form', 'postal vote', 'Ideon Gateway', 'Scheelevägen', 'share register', 'state name', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatories', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Cantargia AB', 'postal address', 'dated power', 'original power', 'Proxy forms', 'registration certificate', 'LUND', 'SE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'STO', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Monday', '2 December', '10.00 CET', 'Right', 'Participation', 'venue', 'person', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'Notification', 'website', 'notice', 'information', 'written', 'attorney', 'equivalent', 'advance', 'conditions', 'entirety']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,finance.yahoo.com
46837,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1108856801/Russia-plans-on-confiscating-income-from-frozen-Western-assets,Russia plans on confiscating income from frozen Western assets,Russia will retaliate against the West’s use of income generated from its frozen central-bank reserves  Finance <a target=_blank href=,"(MENAFN) Russia will retaliate against the West’s use of income generated from its frozen central-bank reserves  Finance Anton Siluanov announced. Since the start of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022  Western nations have blocked approximately $300 billion in Russian assets. A large portion  around €197 billion ($213 billion)  is held at Euroclear in Brussels. Recently  the U.S. declared plans to use the proceeds from these frozen assets to help repay a multibillion-dollar loan to Ukraine.Siluanov stated that Russia would adopt similar measures  utilizing income from the assets frozen from ""unfriendly"" companies for its own economic needs. The funds will be allocated to support Russia’s economy and regional projects.The U.S. plans to use the $20 billion in earnings from the frozen Russian assets as part of a broader $50 billion package to assist Ukraine  with no direct cost to American taxpayers. Similarly  the European Parliament has approved a €35 billion loan to Ukraine  backed by frozen Russian assets.Russia has consistently warned that the seizure of its reserves is illegal  calling it “theft” that violates international law and damages the global financial system. The IMF has expressed concerns that such actions could erode trust in Western financial systems.MENAFN06112024000045015687ID1108856801",neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,negative,0.0,0.21,0.78,True,English,"['Western assets', 'Russia', 'income', 'frozen', 'global financial system', 'broader $50 billion package', 'Western financial systems', 'Finance Anton Siluanov', 'frozen central-bank reserves', 'The U.S.', 'Western nations', '€35 billion loan', 'The IMF', 'frozen assets', 'large portion', 'multibillion-dollar loan', 'similar measures', 'unfriendly"" companies', 'economic needs', 'regional projects', 'direct cost', 'American taxpayers', 'European Parliament', 'international law', 'Russian assets', 'Ukraine conflict', 'MENAFN', 'use', 'income', 'start', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'Brussels', 'plans', 'proceeds', 'funds', 'economy', 'earnings', 'part', 'seizure', 'concerns', 'actions', 'trust']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,menafn.com
46838,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-skistar-090000753.html,Notice to Annual General Meeting of SkiStar AB,SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 14  2024  at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.,"SkiStar AB (publ) will hold its Annual General Meeting (below referred to as AGM) on Saturday  December 14  2024  at 2 pm CET at Experium in Lindvallen  Sälen. Registration for the AGM will take place from 1.30 pm CET.Right to participate and registrationShareholders wishing to participate in the AGM shall both be entered in the share register administered by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Friday  6 December 2024 and register their intention to participate in the AGM no later than on Tuesday  10 December 2024. Registration of participation in the AGM can be submittedThe shareholder’s name and personal identity number/corporate identity number must be provided when registering. In addition  the shareholders are kindly requested to provide contact details and number of shares held when registering. The Company must be provided with information regarding assistants  if any  at the time of registration.In addition to attending the AGM in person or by proxy  the shareholders will also be given the opportunity to exercise their voting rights through advance voting (see below under the heading advance voting (postal voting)).Nominee RegistrationShareholders who have their shares registered with an authorised nominee must  to have the right to participate in the AGM  temporarily re-register their shares in their own names. Shareholders who wish such re-registration  so-called registration of voting rights  must request it from its authorised nominee. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Tuesday  10 December 2024  will be considered when presenting the share register. This implies that the shareholders must inform the nominees of such re-registration in good time prior to this date. Such re-registration may be temporary.Advance voting (postal voting)Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy . Shareholders can also cast their postal vote by e-mail or post by submitting a specific advance voting form. The form  instructions and contact information for advance voting are available on the Company's website: https://investor.skistar.com/en and can also be obtained by contacting the Company/Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information as above. The advance voting form is valid as a notification to attend the meeting. The completed voting form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 10 December 2024. The advance voting form  with any attached authorisation document  are to be submitted by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com  or by mail to SkiStar AB  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a verified copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent authority document for the legal entity shall be attached to the advance voting form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.Story ContinuesFor the items on the agenda where the Board or the Nomination Committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the advance voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the advance vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the advance voting form.Note that shareholders wishing to participate in the AGM through advance voting shall  just as with personal participation  be entered in the share register as per Friday  6 December 2024 (and shares registered with an authorised nominee must be re-registered in the shareholder’s own name).Proxy and Proxy formShareholders who do not intend to be present in person at the AGM may – in addition to the above alternative of advanced voting – be represented by a proxy with a written  dated and duly signed power of attorney. Such power of attorney is considered to apply for a period of one year after being issued  or longer if clearly stated on the document  up to a maximum of five years. The power of attorney should be sent to the Company at the above address in good time prior to the AGM. If the power of attorney has been issued by a legal entity  a certified copy of the legal entity’s certificate of registration or equivalent should be attached. The Company provides the shareholders with a proxy form  if requested. The proxy form can be found at the Company’s webpage and can be ordered from the Company (see contact details above under the heading Right to participate and registration).Processing of personal dataPersonal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices of attendance at the AGM and information on proxies will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the AGM and  where appropriate  the minutes of the AGM. For information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting Election of Chairman of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of agenda Election of two persons to verify the minutes Confirmation that the meeting has been duly convened Presentation by the CEO Presentation of the submitted annual report and auditor’s report  as well as the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report for the consolidated accounts Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheet Resolution regarding the discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO with regard to the financial year 2023/24 Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGM Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of Directors Election of members of the Board of Directors Election of Chairman of the Board of Directors Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if any Resolution regarding the fees for the auditor Election of auditor Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2023/24 Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on authorization providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the Company’s own shares Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsThe Nomination Committee’s proposalsThe Nomination Committee of SkiStar AB (publ) consists of Per Gullstrand  appointed by Ekhaga Utveckling AB  Peder Strand  appointed by Nordic Ski & Mountains AB  Niklas Johansson  appointed by Handelsbanken Fonder and Sara Karlsson  appointed by the Paulsson-family incl. companies. The Nomination Committee has appointed Per Gullstrand as its chairman. The Nomination Committee proposes the following.2. Election of Chairman of the MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes the AGM to elect the chairman of the Board of Directors  Anders Sundström  chairman of the AGM.12. Resolution regarding the number of members and deputy members of the Board of Directors to be elected by the AGMThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be seven  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.13. Resolution regarding the fees for the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes that total fees for the Board of Directors  including Committee fees  shall amount to SEK 2 999 000 (2 890 000) in total. The fees shall be distributed as follows; SEK 695 000 (670 000) to the chairman of the Board of Directors and SEK 322 000 (310 000) to each of the other members of the Board of Directors that are not employed by the Company. Fees to the members of the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 248 000 (240 000) in total  of which SEK 124 000 (120 000) to the chairman of the Committee and SEK 62 000 (60 000) to each of the other two members of the Audit Committee. Fees to the members of the Remuneration Committee shall amount to SEK 124 000 (120 000) in total  of which SEK 62 000 (60 000) to the chairman of the Committee and SEK 31 000 (30 000) to each of the other two members of the Remuneration Committee.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board Member Vegard Søraunet has informed the Nomination Committee that he refrains from being re-elected. The Nomination Committee proposes Anders Sundström  Lena Apler  Fredrik Paulsson  Gunilla Rudebjer  Anders Svensson and Carina Åkerström to be re-elected Members of the Board of Directors. In addition  Bent Oustad is proposed to be elected as new Member of the Board of Directors. All for the period until the end of the next AGM.Information about the person proposed for new election to the BoardBent OustadBorn: 1972. Bent Oustad is currently CEO of Norwegian Property AS. Other significant professional commitments: Board Member in Fabege AB. Principal education and professional experience: Master of Science in Business and Economics  as well as Master of International Business at the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH). Independence: Independent in relation to the Company and company management. Dependent in relation to major shareholders. Shareholding in SkiStar: 0.Information about the persons proposed for re-election to the Board etc.Information about the persons proposed for re-election and the Nomination Committee's motivated statement is available on the Company's website  https://investor.skistar.com/en .15. Election of Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Committee proposes Anders Sundström be re-elected chairman of the Board of Directors  for the period until the end of the next AGM.16. Resolution regarding the number of auditors and deputy auditors  if anyThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that the Company shall appoint one registered auditing firm as auditor  without deputies  for the period until the end of the next AGM.17. Resolution regarding the fees for the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that fees to the auditor shall be paid on an on-account basis.18. Election of auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  that the registered auditing firm Deloitte AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor for a period of one year. Deloitte has informed the Nomination Committee that  should the Nomination Committee’s proposal also be the decision of the AGM  the authorised public accountant  Kent Åkerlund  is to keep the position of auditor-in-charge. Neither the Nomination Committee's proposal nor the Audit Committee's recommendation has been subject to influence from third parties or has been forced by any contractual terms that restrict the freedom of choice in the auditor's election.The Board of Director’s proposals10. Resolution regarding the appropriation of the Company’s profit according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that dividends of SEK 2.80 per share  totalling SEK 219 452 956.80 be distributed. The remaining disposable earnings of SEK 1 084 364 506 shall be balanced in a new account. The record date for the right to receive dividend shall be Tuesday  17 December 2024. If the AGM resolves in favour of the proposal  the planned date of payment of dividend via Euroclear Sweden is Friday  20 December 2024.19. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2023/24The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to approve the Board of Directors’ report regarding remuneration to senior executives relating to 2023/24 pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.20. Resolution regarding the guidelines for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board recommends that the Annual General Meeting adopt the following guidelines for remuneration of senior executives. The guidelines apply until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting and are valid for a maximum of four years.ScopeThe guidelines below include the Board of Directors (as applicable)  the CEO and other members of Group management  hereinafter referred to as senior executives. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration under new agreements and amendments to remuneration already agreed after adoption of the new guidelines by the AGM. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration decided on by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilitySkiStar’s vision is to create memorable mountain experiences. SkiStar shall create value for the Company’s shareholders and promote long-term sustainability in all operations. For further information about SkiStar’s strategy  long-term interests  including financial and operational targets  in addition to sustainability targets  see https://investor.skistar.com/en and the annual report  which will be made available at the same web address no later than three weeks before the AGM.Successful implementation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including sustainability  are contingent on the Company having qualified employees. SkiStar must therefore be able to offer competitive remuneration. The Company’s remuneration structure in accordance with these guidelines mustcontribute to a consensus between senior executives and shareholders in terms of the long-term perspective of the operations  including promotion of the Company’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainability;ensure that senior executives receive remuneration that is on market conditions and competitive  enabling the Company to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees;require senior executives’ compliance with the Company’s code of conduct  policies and directives; andoffer a salary based on the Company’s financial targets and senior executives’ individual responsibility  competence  performance  duties  experience and position.Variable remuneration covered by these guidelines should aim to promote the Company’s business strategy and long-term interests  including sustainability.Remuneration and forms of remunerationThe total compensation for senior executives must be reviewed regularly  and at least annually  to ensure that it is market-based. To create well-balanced total compensation that strengthens both short- and long-term performance management and target achievement  remuneration may include the following components: fixed cash salary  variable remuneration/bonuses including undertaking to acquire shares  pension benefits and other benefits.Fixed cash salarySenior executives are to be offered a fixed cash salary that is individualised and market-based in relation to responsibility  competence  performance and regional salary levels. The fixed salary is to be determined annually  to apply during the period September to August.Variable remuneration/bonus including undertaking to acquire sharesSenior executives may receive variable cash remuneration/bonuses based on the current bonus programme for SkiStar’s senior executives  which is divided into a short-term programme (12 months) and a long-term programme (36 months)  as decided by the Board for each financial year and three-year period respectively. Bonuses must be related to measurable criteria established by the Board of Directors  which may be financial or non-financial  qualitative or quantitative  and must be based on factors that support SkiStar’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by having a clear link to value creation  committed long-term ownership and SkiStar’s development. The criteria could  for example  relate to return for shareholders  the Company’s operating margin and organic growth  as well as skiing and activity days  measured for each financial year/three-year period. If the Board considers that the business strategy and the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  would be better promoted if the criteria were supplemented or changed  these guidelines allow such changes to be made.The bonus paid to the CEO can amount to a maximum of 40 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary in a one-year programme  and 40 percent of the current monthly salary/average monthly salary in a three-year programme  which therefore constitutes the bonus cap for the CEO. Bonuses paid to other senior executives can amount to a maximum of 30 percent of 12 times the current monthly salary in a one-year programme and 30 percent of the current monthly salary/average monthly salary in a three-year programme  which therefore constitutes the bonus cap for these executives.The level of fulfilment of the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration is to be determined at the end of the measurement period on 31 August. For a one-year programme  the criteria relate to target achievement during the financial year that ended on the said date. For a three-year programme  the Board of Directors will decide at the start of the programme whether the criteria should  for example  refer to target attainment measured over the three-year period which end on the abovementioned date  or similar. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for the assessment of target achievement where the CEO’s and other senior executives’ variable cash remuneration is concerned. Receipt of variable cash remuneration assumes that the senior executive is employed by SkiStar on the last day of the financial year in the case of a one-year programme. If a senior executive has been a member of the Group management for only part of the current financial year  the variable cash remuneration to such senior executive will be paid pro rata in proportion to the part of the year during which he was a member of Group management. Receipt of variable cash remuneration in the three-year programme assumes that the senior executive is employed by SkiStar on the last day of the three-year period. If a senior executive has been a member of Group management for only part of the three-year period  the Board of Directors will have a right in each individual case to decide whether or not the senior executive concerned is to be entitled to variable cash remuneration in a three-year programme and  where variable cash remuneration is to be paid  the Board will also have the right to decide to what extent the variable cash remuneration should be paid. Financial targets must be assessed based on the most recent financial report published by the Company.Should it be established that the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration have not been met in whole or in part  for a one-year and/or three-year bonus programme  the Board of Directors has the possibility to decide that variable remuneration is nevertheless to be paid to senior executives on an individual basis in extraordinary circumstances  up to an amount not exceeding half of the bonus cap. Such extraordinary arrangements are only to be applied either for the purpose of recruitment or retention  or as remuneration for extraordinary work in addition to the person’s regular duties. Decisions on such remuneration are to be taken by the Board of Directors  for both the CEO and other senior executives  on the proposal of the Remuneration Committee. Variable remuneration is paid in October of the year after the end of a 12-month and 36-month period respectively.Under an agreement with the Company  senior executives who receive bonuses must undertake to acquire shares in the Company for long-term ownership  investing at least 1/3 of their post-tax bonuses. Concerning a one-year program  the senior executive shall undertake to keep such acquired shares for a period of at least three years. As for a three-year program  the senior executive shall undertake to keep such acquired shares for a period of at least one year. The purchase price paid for any SkiStar shares acquired by a senior executive during a given vesting year for the short and the long bonus programme respectively may be included in the amount that the executive has committed to invest in SkiStar shares if a bonus is received for that vesting year. The purpose is to create involvement and engagement by offering senior executives the opportunity to become shareholders in a structured way. The criteria that determine the outcome as described above enable incentives to be created for senior executives to contribute to realisation of the Company’s business strategy and safeguarding of the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  and therefore to long-term value creation.If a senior executive contravenes the above conditions by  for example  prematurely selling shares acquired under said conditions  the senior executive must  in accordance with the agreement with the Company  be required to repay the full amount (including income tax but not social security contributions) paid for the shares acquired.Pension benefitsSenior executives are entitled to pension arrangements under collective bargaining agreement and agreements with SkiStar AB. All pension obligations are defined-contribution plans. For the CEO  the Company pays pension contributions corresponding to 30 percent of the pensionable salary. For other senior executives  pension payments are made according to the standard ITP plan. Salary waivers can be used for increased pension provisions through one-time pension premium payments under salary and bonus sacrifice arrangements. The retirement age for senior executives who are Swedish citizens is 65. For others  it is as specified in their own country’s pension rules.Car benefitsSenior executives may be offered car benefits in accordance with the Company’s instruction concerning cars for all employees. The CEO may also be entitled to car benefits at a value over and above other applicable instructions in the Company.Other benefitsSenior executives may be entitled to other benefits such as health insurance  as well as the benefits available to other SkiStar employees. The total value of these benefits may not exceed five percent of a senior executive’s fixed cash salary.In addition  the CEO may be entitled to tax return assistance and supplementary health insurance in addition to collectively agreed health insurance. The total value of such benefits  including car benefits  may not exceed five percent of the CEO’s fixed cash salary.OtherEmployment conditions for senior executives who are subject to rules other than Swedish rules on pension and other benefits may be duly adjusted to ensure compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account the overall purpose of these guidelines as far as possible.Period of notice and termination benefitsThe maximum period of notice is initially twelve months for termination of employment initiated by SkiStar and six months for termination by the senior executive. Termination benefits are only to be paid when termination of employment is initiated by the Company. Termination benefits are only to be paid up to the date on which the individual in question obtains other employment. Termination benefits are calculated on the fixed cash salary and are not pensionable. Total fixed salary during the period of notice and any termination benefits must not exceed an amount corresponding to the fixed salary for 24 months.Decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board’s Remuneration Committee is responsible for annually reviewing the need to revise the guidelines prior to the Board’s proposal to the AGM (if applicable) for adoption. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present it to the AGM for resolution. The guidelines are to be valid until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee must also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for senior executives  the application of guidelines for remuneration of senior executives and applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Company. The Board makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for the CEO on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO makes decisions on the salary and other terms of employment for other senior executives and consults with the Remuneration Committee on these matters. Decisions on possible variable remuneration in extraordinary circumstances are  however  made by the Board for the CEO as well as for other senior executives on the basis of proposals from the Remuneration Committee. The CEO and other senior executives are not present when the Board and the Remuneration Committee consider and make decisions on remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by these matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board may  following a proposal from the Remuneration Committee  decide to make a temporary derogation from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if there are particular reasons to do so in an individual case and such derogation is necessary in order to serve the Company’s long-term interests  including sustainability  or to ensure the Company’s financial viability. As stated above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparation of the Board’s decisions in remuneration-related matters. This includes decisions to derogate from the guidelines. Such derogations are to be reported and explained in the subsequent remuneration report.Salary and terms of employment for other employeesIn preparing the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  the salaries and terms of employment for the Company’s employees have been taken into account by including information about the employees’ total remuneration  the components of the remuneration and the remuneration increase and rate of increase over time in the Board’s decision support material for evaluating the reasonableness of the guidelines and limitations set out herein. The remuneration report on paid and outstanding remuneration covered by the guidelines will include a report on the trend regarding the gap between Company management’s remuneration and other employees’ remuneration.Changes from previous guidelinesThe Board’s proposal for guidelines for remuneration of senior executives prior to the 2024 AGM is largely consistent with the guidelines adopted at the 2023 AGM. In the review before the 2024 AGM  there has been some clarifications regarding the period of time during which the senior executives undertake to keep shares acquired within a three-year program.More informationOn the date of submission of these proposed remuneration guidelines for senior executives  SkiStar did not have any remuneration commitments not due for payment other than ongoing commitments to senior executives in accordance with the remuneration principles adopted at the 2023 AGM. For more information on remuneration at SkiStar  see the remuneration report and the annual report  which are available at https://investor.skistar.com/en no later than three weeks prior to the Annual General Meeting.21. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issuesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve upon new issues of shares in accordance with the following.The Board of Directors is proposed to be authorized to  on one or several occasions during the period until the next AGM  to resolve on new issues of Class B shares. A new share issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right. The authorisation shall include the right to resolve on a new share issue with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by set-off and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 2  Section 5  Paragraph 2  1-3 and 5 of the Swedish Companies Act. Decision pursuant to the authorisation may not result in a new issuance of shares exceeding ten (10) percent of all shares in the Company at the time of the AGM's decision on the authorisation. An issue of new shares based on this authorisation must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association. Shares shall  in case of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right to subscription  be issued on market terms. The Board shall be entitled to determine other terms for the share issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right if any  is to give the Board increased options to  completely or partially  finance any future investments/acquisitions by issuing new shares as payment in connection with agreements on acquisitions alternatively to raise capital for such investments/acquisitions. The Board  or anyone appointed by the Board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution of the AGM that may be necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and has the right to otherwise take the measures required to enforce the decision.22. Resolution on authorisation providing the Board of Directors with the right to pass resolutions regarding acquisitions and sales of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the acquisition and sales of the Company’s own shares according to essentially the following.The Board of Directors’ proposal entails that the Board be authorised  until the next AGM of shareholders  to pass resolutions on one or more occasions regarding the acquisition of Class B shares in the Company; however  the Company’s holding may not  at any time  exceed ten percent of the total number of shares in the Company. The acquisition of shares shall take place in a regulated market or by an acquisition offer made to all shareholders that hold Class B shares. Acquisition of shares in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval – that is  the interval between the highest bid price and the lowest selling price. An offer of acquisition made to all shareholders may take place at a price equivalent to the lowest market value at the time of the offer  with a maximum deviation of plus 20 percent.Furthermore  the proposal by the Board of Directors entails that the Board of Directors be entitled to pass resolutions  on one or more occasions until the next AGM  regarding the sale of the Company’s own shares in a regulated market or in conjunction with the acquisition of companies or operations. The authorisation includes the right to pass resolutions on deviation from the preferential rights of shareholders and resolutions that establish forms of payment other than cash funds  on the basis of in-kind payment  offsetting or on the basis of other conditions. The authorisation may be utilised for the maximum number of shares stipulated in the authorisation to acquire the Company’s shares. Transfers in a regulated market may only take place at a price that is  at any given point in time  within the registered share price interval. Transfers in connection with acquisitions shall take place at a price which  in all essential manners  corresponds to the market value for the Company’s share at the time of entering into the acquisition agreement.These authorisations aim to provide the Board of Directors with increased scope in working with the Company’s capital structure and  if deemed appropriate  to facilitate acquisitions. The reason for the deviation from pre-emption rights  with regard to transfers made in conjunction with the acquisition of companies and businesses  is to create alternative forms of payment for such acquisitions. The Board  or anyone appointed by the Board  shall be authorised to make such minor adjustments of the resolution that may prove necessary in connection with the implementation of the Board’s resolution on repurchase and transfer of own shares.Other informationDocuments prior to the Annual General Meeting etc.Accounting documents  auditor’s reports and the complete proposals and statements of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee pursuant to the Swedish Companies Act and the Swedish Corporate Governance Code will be made available to shareholders at least three weeks prior to the AGM  at the Company’s address: SkiStar AB  Sälfjällsgården  780 91 Sälen  Sweden  and on the Company’s webpage: https://investor.skistar.com/en. Copies of these documents will also be sent  free of cost  by post or e-mail to the shareholders upon request  and upon receipt of a postal or e-mail address and will be available at the AGM.Certain majority requirementsFor valid resolutions in accordance with item 21 and 22 on authorisations for the Board of Directors  the proposals shall be supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to request informationShareholders present at the AGM retain the right to request information regarding matters on the agenda or the Company’s financial position according to Chapter 7  Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551).Number of shares and votesThe number of registered shares in the Company as per the date of issuance of this notice is a total of 78 376 056  of which 3 648 000 are Class A shares and 74 728 056 are Class B shares. The total number of votes is 111 208 056. The Company holds no own shares.Sälen in November 2024The Board of Directors of SkiStar AB (publ)This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  on 6 November 2024  at 10.00 a.m. CET.Further information can be reached from:Stefan Sjöstrand  CEO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.Martin Almgren  CFO  tel +46 (0)280 841 60.SkiStar in briefThe mountain tourism company SkiStar AB (publ) is listed on the Mid Cap list of the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. The Group owns and operates alpine ski resorts in Sälen  Vemdalen  Åre and Hammarbybacken (Stockholm) in Sweden  and Hemsedal and Trysil in Norway. Our operations are divided into three segments: Operation of Ski Resorts  Property Development & Exploitation and Operation of Hotels. As the leading holiday organiser for Scandinavia  SkiStar’s business concept is to create memorable mountain experiences  develop sustainable destinations and offer accommodation  activities  products and services of the highest quality with our guests as our focus. For more information  see https://investor.skistar.com/en.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.36,0.64,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'SkiStar AB', 'Notice', 'specific advance voting form', 'Company/Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'corporate identity number', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identity number', 'equivalent authority document', 'SkiStar AB', 'advance vote', 'postal voting', 'advanced voting', 'voting list', 'personal data', 'Sälen', 'share register', 'contact details', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'investor.skistar', 'authorisation document', 'legal entity', 'verified copy', 'Nomination Committee', 'one year', 'five years', 'certified copy', 'privacy policy', 'Proxy form', 'authorised nominee', 'personal participation', 'good time', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'contact information', 'Such power', 'The Company', 'Nominee Registration', 'AGM', 'Saturday', 'December', 'Experium', 'Lindvallen', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'Friday', 'intention', 'Tuesday', 'name', 'addition', 'shares', 'assistants', 'opportunity', 'heading', 'nominees', 'date', 'verification', 'BankID', 'website', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'euroclearproxy', 'mail', 'notification', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'Box', 'Stockholm', 'certificate', 'Story', 'items', 'agenda', 'Board', 'proposals', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'alternative', 'attorney', 'period', 'maximum', 'address', 'webpage', 'Processing', 'notices', 'attendance', 'proxies', 'preparation', 'minutes', '2', '1.30']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,finance.yahoo.com
46839,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://sg.finance.yahoo.com/news/nations-royalty-announces-trading-frankfurt-184700195.html,NATIONS ROYALTY ANNOUNCES TRADING ON THE FRANKFURT STOCK EXCHANGE UNDER SYMBOL Y96,"Nations Royalty Corp. (TSXV: NRC) (FRA: Y96) (OTCQB: NRYCF) (""Nations Royalty"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce that the Company's common shares now trade on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (""FSE"") in Germany under the trading symbol ""Y96"".","VANCOUVER  BC  Nov. 6  2024 /CNW/ - Nations Royalty Corp. (TSXV: NRC) (FRA: Y96) (OTCQB: NRYCF) (""Nations Royalty"" or the ""Company"") is pleased to announce that the Company's common shares now trade on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (""FSE"") in Germany under the trading symbol ""Y96"". The ISIN for the common shares is CA63861X1033 and classification number (WKN) is A40C02.The FSE is one of the world's largest (behind only the Nasdaq and NYSE) organized exchange-trading markets in terms of turnover and dealings in securities. This European listing is expected to broaden the awareness and facilitate investment in Nations Royalty by European investors in major financial hubs through its Frankfurt listing. Operated by the Deutsche Boerse AG  the FSE is the largest of Germany's seven stock exchanges  and is responsible for approximately 90 percent of all securities traded in Germany. The FSE facilitates advanced electronic trading  settlement and information systems and enables cross-border trading for international investors.""We are excited about Nations Royalty's entry into the European capital markets through our Frankfurt Stock Exchange listing. As Germany's premier stock exchange  it marks a significant milestone in our efforts to expand our reach with investors overseas "" stated Robert McLeod  CEO and Director of the Company. ""Listing on the FSE should serve to increase liquidity and our visibility on a global scale.""About Nations Royalty Corp.The Company's vision is to unite First Nations and Indigenous groups across Canada  welcoming external investors to join the Company as shareholders. Together  they will combine royalties  income and commodity streams and annual benefit payment entitlements from resource projects  tapping into the growth  diversification and value potential typical of publicly traded royalty companies. As a leader in the spirit of economic reconciliation  Nations Royalty's mission includes capacity building of Indigenous People in public companies and capital markets.Nations Royalty's foundation begins with five annual benefit payment entitlements in place in respect of the following properties in Canada:The high-grade Brucejack gold mine operated by Newmont Corporation;The KSM Copper-Gold-Silver-Molybdenum deposit   currently in development by Seabridge Gold Inc.;The Premier Gold Project   currently being commissioned by Ascot Resources Ltd. with first gold poured in April  2024;The Red Mountain Gold Deposit   owned by Ascot Resources Ltd.; andThe Kitsault Molybdenum Deposit  a large  fully permitted brownfield site owned and being actively advanced by New Moly LLC  majority-owned by Resource Capital Fund VI L.P.Story continues",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['NATIONS ROYALTY ANNOUNCES', 'FRANKFURT STOCK EXCHANGE', 'SYMBOL Y96', 'THE', 'Resource Capital Fund VI L.P.', 'large, fully permitted brownfield site', 'five annual benefit payment entitlements', 'The Red Mountain Gold Deposit', 'The KSM Copper-Gold-Silver-Molybdenum deposit', 'The Kitsault Molybdenum Deposit', 'high-grade Brucejack gold mine', 'The Premier Gold Project', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange listing', 'premier stock exchange', 'Seabridge Gold Inc.', 'seven stock exchanges', 'major financial hubs', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'Ascot Resources Ltd', 'New Moly LLC', 'advanced electronic trading', 'European capital markets', 'Nations Royalty Corp.', 'resource projects', 'Frankfurt listing', 'first gold', 'European listing', 'The FSE', 'The Company', 'trading symbol', 'exchange-trading markets', 'cross-border trading', 'First Nations', 'royalty companies', 'European investors', 'common shares', 'classification number', 'information systems', 'significant milestone', 'Robert McLeod', 'global scale', 'Indigenous groups', 'commodity streams', 'value potential', 'economic reconciliation', 'capacity building', 'Indigenous People', 'public companies', 'following properties', 'Newmont Corporation', 'international investors', 'external investors', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'TSXV', 'NRC', 'Y96', 'OTCQB', 'NRYCF', 'Germany', 'ISIN', 'CA63861X1033', 'WKN', 'world', 'Nasdaq', 'NYSE', 'terms', 'turnover', 'dealings', 'securities', 'awareness', 'investment', '90 percent', 'settlement', 'entry', 'efforts', 'reach', 'CEO', 'Director', 'liquidity', 'visibility', 'vision', 'Canada', 'shareholders', 'royalties', 'income', 'diversification', 'publicly', 'leader', 'spirit', 'mission', 'foundation', 'place', 'respect', 'development', 'April', 'Story']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,sg.finance.yahoo.com
46840,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/repo-trading-becoming-an-increasing-priority-for-the-buy-side/,Repo trading becoming an increasing priority for the buy-side,Repo is increasingly no longer just a bank topic anymore  said experts speaking at a closed Deutsche Boerse roundtable on Tuesday. The asset class is increasingly becoming a buy-side topic said experts as end clients are voluntarily joining the cleared ...,Repo is increasingly no longer just a bank topic anymore  said experts speaking at a closed Deutsche Boerse roundtable on Tuesday.The asset class is increasingly becoming a buy-side topic said experts as end clients are voluntarily joining the cleared repo environment  viewing it as a neat instrument to facilitate trading.Erik Müller  chief executive of Eurex Clearing described repo as “the oil in the wheels of financial markets ” and a key priority for the business going forward.In 2017  the area was “barely double digit” and now boasts triple digit revenue – with this significant growth put down to clients looking to finance their undertakings and mobilise collateral to get cash.Speaking to the reasons in more depth  Müller explained it was down to “the successful risk management mechanisms of CCPs  including initial margin and variation margin.”Specifically  variation margin refers to the margin to margin each day  while initial margin makes up the part of margin that covers future market moves.“Those two together means that end clients really need a mechanism on how to transform the securities that they own into cash if needed  as variation margin is cash only at the CCP ” added Müller.“That’s why if you look at our repo franchise  some of our biggest clients nowadays are different from 24 months ago – for example  Dutch pension funds have become some of our largest repo clients.”Read more: Carrot or stick? How the EU plans to reduce reliance on UK CCPs for derivatives clearingRepo made up one of three key pillars highlighted by Müller  along with exchange traded derivatives (ETD) and interest rate swaps (IRS). In addition  retail trading was also cited as a key area of focus as market structure changes and increasing focus across the region continues to grow.Robbert Booij  chief executive of Eurex Frankfurt  highlighted the significant opportunity Europe has to embrace retail across Europe  describing the area as “a missing customer group for European markets as a whole”.He explained: “It’s difficult also to make markets more attractive for retail investors  but we do believe we have a very good opportunity as we have the equity and fixed income products and mini futures  and we are also open for 23 hours a day – so all the infrastructure and the capabilities are there.”The retail market in Europe is of course considerably smaller than in jurisdictions such as China and the US  the first and second biggest retail markets respectively  with fragmentation both jurisdictionally and culturally a key factor across the EU.Read more: The relentless rise of retail tradingBooij asserted that though numerous cultural and regulatory factors are significant and perhaps unable to be combated  there are practical steps that can be taken across the region to open it up to the retail market.Specifically  making sure that retail investors are well educated on the risks involved with investing in derivatives  and making clear exactly how derivatives can fulfil a very good  cost-efficient way of getting exposure.Further  the harmonisation on the payment for order flow ban in Europe is also set to potentially create additional interest in derivatives investing.“It’s education  it’s product offering  and marketing potentially as well [that will boost retail trading]. We see that many other exchanges in Europe are doing the same but it’s important to emphasise that we also will remain very careful as well to make sure that we do not create a situation where retail investors make uninformed decisions.”,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,positive,0.79,0.14,0.06,True,English,"['Repo trading', 'increasing priority', 'buy', 'side', 'closed Deutsche Boerse roundtable', 'successful risk management mechanisms', 'second biggest retail markets', 'Dutch pension funds', 'missing customer group', 'fixed income products', 'order flow ban', 'many other exchanges', 'future market moves', 'interest rate swaps', 'market structure changes', 'good, cost-efficient way', 'three key pillars', 'triple digit revenue', 'Erik Müller', 'retail trading Booij', 'largest repo clients', 'biggest clients', 'Robbert Booij', 'good opportunity', 'additional interest', 'financial markets', 'key priority', 'European markets', 'key factor', 'retail investors', 'bank topic', 'asset class', 'buy-side topic', 'end clients', 'neat instrument', 'chief executive', 'Eurex Clearing', 'significant growth', 'Eurex Frankfurt', 'significant opportunity', 'mini futures', 'relentless rise', 'numerous cultural', 'regulatory factors', 'practical steps', 'product offering', 'uninformed decisions', 'repo environment', 'repo franchise', 'initial margin', 'variation margin', 'key area', 'UK CCPs', 'experts', 'Tuesday', 'oil', 'wheels', 'business', 'undertakings', 'collateral', 'cash', 'reasons', 'depth', 'part', 'securities', 'example', 'Carrot', 'stick', 'reliance', 'derivatives', 'ETD', 'IRS', 'focus', 'increasing', 'region', 'equity', '23 hours', 'infrastructure', 'capabilities', 'jurisdictions', 'China', 'fragmentation', 'risks', 'exposure', 'harmonisation', 'payment', 'education', 'marketing', 'situation']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,thetradenews.com
46841,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://apnews.com/article/us-election-trump-global-reaction-7f7d4c5f6b84f263d7c49bb4978ab418,Global leaders congratulate Trump  but his victory looks set to roil the world — again,(AP Photo/Anupam Nath) A speech by Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump is broadcast live on a monitor in the trading hall of Deutsche Börse in Frankfurt  Germany  Wednesday  Nov. 6  2024. (Boris Roessler/dpa via AP),(AP Photo/Anupam Nath) A speech by Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump is broadcast live on a monitor in the trading hall of Deutsche Börse in Frankfurt  Germany  Wednesday  Nov. 6  2024. (Boris Roessler/dpa via AP),positive,0.62,0.32,0.06,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Global leaders', 'Trump', 'victory', 'world', 'former President Donald Trump', 'Republican presidential nominee', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Anupam Nath', 'trading hall', 'Boris Roessler/dpa', 'AP Photo', 'speech', 'monitor', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,apnews.com
46842,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/news/made-happen-trump-congratulated-around-104226955.html,'You made it happen': Trump congratulated around the world,"Congratulations for Donald Trump poured in early on Wednesday from leaders around the world  even before the Republican's victory in the US presidential elections had been confirmed. ""Congratulations to [Donald Trump] on his impressive election victory ...","'You made it happen': Trump congratulated around the worldA speech by US presidential candidate Donald Trump is broadcasted live on a monitor in the trading hall of Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt. Meanwhile  Trump has declared himself the winner of the election. Boris Roessler/dpaCongratulations for Donald Trump poured in early on Wednesday from leaders around the world  even before the Republican's victory in the US presidential elections had been confirmed.""Congratulations to [Donald Trump] on his impressive election victory!"" Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky wrote on the platform X.""I appreciate President Trump’s commitment to the 'peace through strength' approach in global affairs "" he added. ""This is exactly the principle that can practically bring just peace in Ukraine closer. I am hopeful that we will put it into action together "" Zelensky wrote.The mood was ebullient out of Moscow  which has led a full-scale war against Ukraine for more than two and a half years  with no end in sight.""Hallelujah "" wrote Maria Zakharova  a spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry  on her Telegram channel  noting that the election winner was the one who loved his own country.Former Russian president Dmitry Medvedev  who now sits on the Russian Security Council  said Trump has an important quality for Russia: ""As a businessman to the core  he cannot stand spending money on various minions and lackeys – on idiotic allies  on stupid charity projects and on gluttonous international organizations.""He said it was a sad day for the ""scum"" in Kiev  in a post on Telegram.Newly appointed NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte  whose alliance has a key role in the war on Ukraine  congratulated Trump on X  writing: ""His leadership will again be key to keeping our Alliance strong "" Rutte added.The conservative broadcaster Fox News had already declared Republican candidate Trump the overall winner against Democrat Kamala Harris  but other media networks and US news agency AP had not done so.Trump declared himself the winner in a speech to supporters in Florida.German Chancellor Olaf Scholz added his congratulations.""For a long time  Germany and the US have been working together successfully promoting prosperity and freedom on both sides of the Atlantic. We will continue to do so for the wellbeing of our citizens "" the chancellor wrote on X.Earlier  Scholz and French President Emmanuel Macron spoke by phone about the election outcome. A German government spokesman said the two European leaders had agreed to coordinate closely with each other.""We will work in this new context for a more united  stronger  more sovereign Europe. In cooperation with the US and defending our interests and values "" Macron wrote on X after the conversation.European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said she looked forward to working with the presumptive 47th president of the United States on ""a strong trans-Atlantic agenda"" that delivers for their people.Von der Leyen said the European Union and the United States ""are more than just allies "" bound by a ""shared history  commitment to freedom and democracy  and common goals of security and opportunity for all.""""Millions of jobs and billions in trade and investment on each side of the Atlantic depend on the dynamism and stability of our economic relationship "" she added.Outgoing European Council President Charles Michel  meanwhile  said the EU looked forward to cooperating constructively with the US  while ""defending the rules-based multilateral system.""British Prime Minister Keir Starmer said the UK-US special relationship would ""continue to prosper"" following Donald Trump's ""historic election victory "" the PA news agency reported.Congratulations also came from Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni  who said the strategic connections between their two countries would now become even stronger.""Good luck with your work  president!"" the far-right prime minister added.""Congratulations  Mr President ... You made it happen!"" Poland's conservative nationalist president  Andrzej Duda  posted on X.Dutch right-wing populist politician Geert Wilders  a declared Trump supporter who won the election in the Netherlands almost a year ago  joined in the chorus.""Congratulations America! Never stop  always keep fighting and win elections!"" Wilders wrote on X before the official result was announced.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said it was ""history's greatest comeback.""""Your historic return to the White House offers a new beginning for America and a powerful recommitment to the great alliance between Israel and America.""Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan said his ""friend"" Donald Trump had won the presidential election after a ""great struggle.""China  meanwhile  was more cautious in its response. Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Mao Ning said the election was a domestic affair that Beijing would handle as usual once the results are officially announced.",neutral,0.48,0.5,0.01,mixed,0.57,0.23,0.2,True,English,"['Trump', 'world', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'Outgoing European Council President Charles Michel', 'British Prime Minister Keir Starmer', 'Italian Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni', 'Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu', 'Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan', 'NATO Secretary General Mark Rutte', 'Former Russian president Dmitry Medvedev', 'Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Mao Ning', 'Dutch right-wing populist politician', 'US presidential candidate Donald Trump', 'Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'US news agency AP', 'German Chancellor Olaf Scholz', 'right prime minister', 'Russian Foreign Ministry', 'Russian Security Council', 'presumptive 47th president', 'German government spokesman', 'PA news agency', 'conservative nationalist president', 'a half years', 'stupid charity projects', 'gluttonous international organizations', 'Democrat Kamala Harris', 'other media networks', 'strong trans-Atlantic agenda', 'rules-based multilateral system', 'two European leaders', 'UK-US special relationship', 'Republican candidate Trump', 'US presidential elections', 'impressive election victory', 'historic election victory', 'European Union', 'Mr President', 'President Trump', 'Fox News', 'conservative broadcaster', 'economic relationship', 'historic return', 'trading hall', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Boris Roessler', 'global affairs', 'Maria Zakharova', 'important quality', 'various minions', 'sad day', 'key role', 'long time', 'new context', 'sovereign Europe', 'United States', 'common goals', 'strategic connections', 'two countries', 'Good luck', 'Andrzej Duda', 'official result', 'greatest comeback', 'White House', 'new beginning', 'powerful recommitment', 'great struggle', 'domestic affair', 'Trump supporter', 'election outcome', 'platform X.', 'full-scale war', 'Telegram channel', 'idiotic allies', 'overall winner', 'Geert Wilders', 'election winner', 'great alliance', 'Congratulations America', 'world', 'speech', 'monitor', 'Frankfurt', 'dpa', 'Wednesday', 'peace', 'strength', 'approach', 'principle', 'Ukraine', 'action', 'mood', 'Moscow', 'sight', 'one', 'country', 'businessman', 'core', 'lackeys', 'scum', 'Kiev', 'post', 'leadership', 'supporters', 'Florida', 'Germany', 'prosperity', 'freedom', 'sides', 'wellbeing', 'citizens', 'cooperation', 'interests', 'values', 'conversation', 'people', 'shared', 'history', 'democracy', 'opportunity', 'Millions', 'jobs', 'billions', 'trade', 'investment', 'dynamism', 'stability', 'far', 'Poland', 'Netherlands', 'chorus', 'friend', 'China', 'response', 'Beijing', 'results']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,yahoo.com
46843,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-declares-won-us-election-081222791.html,Trump declares he has won US election  promises to heal country,"Donald Trump has thanked the American people for the honour of ""being elected the 45th and 47th president "" as he is projected to be close to victory in a historic US presidential election. The conservative broadcaster Fox News had already declared ...","Trump declares he has won US election  promises to heal countryA speech by US presidential candidate Donald Trump is broadcasted live on a monitor in the trading hall of Deutsche Boerse in Frankfurt. Meanwhile  Trump has declared himself the winner of the election. Boris Roessler/dpaDonald Trump has thanked the American people for the honour of ""being elected the 45th and 47th president "" as he is projected to be close to victory in a historic US presidential election.The conservative broadcaster Fox News had already declared Republican candidate Trump the overall winner against Democrat Kamala Harris  but other media networks and US news agency AP have not done so.Trump told supporters in Florida in the early hours of Wednesday morning that ""this will be the golden age of America.""""This is a magnificent victory for the American people that will allow us to make America great again.""""We're going to help our country heal "" he said.He predicted that he could win 315 Electoral College votes - far above the 270 needed to win the presidency - and also said that he had ""won the popular vote.""""America has given us an unprecedented and powerful mandate.""He also made a reference to one of his main campaign talking points  namely migration: ""We're going to fix our borders.""Referring to the attempts on his life during the campaign  Trump said: ""God spared my life for a reason and that reason was to save our country and restore it to greatness. We are going to fulfil that mission.""The campaign of Democrat candidate Harris said earlier that the vice president would not address supporters on election night  as the path to the White House quickly narrowed for her.It was a good night for the Republicans as they also won control of the US Senate from the Democrats.",positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,positive,0.81,0.18,0.01,True,English,"['US election', 'Trump', 'country', 'US presidential candidate Donald Trump', 'conservative broadcaster Fox News', 'US news agency AP', 'historic US presidential election', 'main campaign talking points', 'Democrat candidate Harris', 'Democrat Kamala Harris', 'other media networks', '315 Electoral College votes', 'Republican candidate Trump', 'US election', 'US Senate', 'election night', 'trading hall', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Boris Roessler', 'American people', '47th president', 'early hours', 'Wednesday morning', 'golden age', 'popular vote', 'powerful mandate', 'vice president', 'White House', 'good night', 'overall winner', 'magnificent victory', 'country heal', 'speech', 'monitor', 'Frankfurt', 'dpa', 'honour', '45th', 'supporters', 'Florida', 'presidency', 'unprecedented', 'reference', 'migration', 'borders', 'attempts', 'life', 'God', 'reason', 'greatness', 'mission', 'path', 'Republicans', 'control', 'Democrats']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,yahoo.com
46844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://coinjournal.net/news/vaneck-lists-pyth-etn-on-euronext-amsterdam-and-euronext-paris/,VanEck lists PYTH ETN on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris,VanEck has launched PYTH ETN on Euronext Amsterdam and Paris for 15 EU countries. The PYTH ETN tracks the Pyth token  held in custody by Bank Frick for full collateral. VanEck aims to expand DeFi access  adding PYTH ETN to its crypto investment options. VanEc…,VanEck has launched PYTH ETN on Euronext Amsterdam and Paris for 15 EU countries.The PYTH ETN tracks the Pyth token  held in custody by Bank Frick for full collateral.VanEck aims to expand DeFi access  adding PYTH ETN to its crypto investment options.VanEck  a global asset manager known for its investment products in the digital asset space  has launched an exchange-traded note (ETN) in Europe that tracks the Pyth Network’s native token  PYTH.The VanEck Pyth ETN now trades on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris and is available to investors in 15 European countries  including major markets such as Germany  France  Norway  and Switzerland.The ETN is fully collateralized with PYTH tokens  held by the Liechtenstein-based Bank Frick  and is designed to align with the MarketVector Pyth Network VWAP Close Index  ensuring it mirrors the performance of the Pyth token.The Pyth Network itself is an innovative decentralized oracle protocol that connects smart contracts to real-world data sources  bridging the gap between blockchain-based applications and external data.Oracles like the Pyth Network are essential in decentralized finance (DeFi) because they enable smart contracts to access off-chain information and communicate with other blockchain networks. This capability has become increasingly relevant  especially as DeFi applications gain traction globally.PYTH  the governance token of the Pyth Network  boasts a fully diluted market cap of approximately $3.4 billion  further underscoring its significance in the crypto ecosystem.Martijn Rozemuller  CEO of VanEck Europe  highlighted the potential of oracles like the Pyth Network to serve as a foundational infrastructure for DeFi applications. Rozemuller remarked that as smart contracts find new applications within finance  oracle networks become crucial in enabling real-world use cases for this technology.By listing the PYTH ETN  VanEck provides European investors with more options to gain exposure to cutting-edge blockchain assets.VanEck’s crypto investment products in the US and EuropeVanEck has a strong track record of pioneering crypto investment products in Europe.In addition to the PYTH ETN  VanEck has launched over a dozen digital asset ETNs across a diverse range of cryptocurrencies  including Solana and Chainlink.In the United States  VanEck has also introduced two spot crypto exchange-traded funds (ETFs) focused on Bitcoin and Ethereum while filing for additional ETF approvals covering various altcoins like Solana  XRP  and Litecoin.With this latest addition  VanEck continues its commitment to expanding investor access to innovative blockchain technologies and supporting the growing adoption of decentralized financial infrastructure.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.0,True,English,"['PYTH ETN', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'VanEck', 'MarketVector Pyth Network VWAP Close Index', 'two spot crypto exchange-traded funds', 'dozen digital asset ETNs', 'innovative decentralized oracle protocol', 'pioneering crypto investment products', 'digital asset space', 'innovative blockchain technologies', 'global asset manager', 'The VanEck Pyth ETN', 'real-world use cases', 'cutting-edge blockchain assets', 'strong track record', 'additional ETF approvals', 'real-world data sources', 'other blockchain networks', 'decentralized financial infrastructure', 'The Pyth Network', 'crypto investment options', 'Liechtenstein-based Bank Frick', 'The PYTH ETN', 'exchange-traded note', 'oracle networks', 'The ETN', 'crypto ecosystem', 'external data', 'decentralized finance', 'foundational infrastructure', 'Pyth token', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '15 EU countries', 'full collateral', 'native token', '15 European countries', 'major markets', 'smart contracts', 'blockchain-based applications', 'chain information', 'governance token', 'market cap', 'new applications', 'diverse range', 'United States', 'various altcoins', 'investor access', 'growing adoption', 'DeFi access', 'DeFi applications', 'Euronext Paris', 'Martijn Rozemuller', 'European investors', 'latest addition', 'VanEck Europe', 'custody', 'Germany', 'France', 'Norway', 'Switzerland', 'performance', 'gap', 'Oracles', 'capability', 'traction', 'significance', 'CEO', 'potential', 'technology', 'exposure', 'cryptocurrencies', 'Solana', 'Chainlink', 'ETFs', 'Bitcoin', 'Ethereum', 'XRP', 'Litecoin', 'commitment']",2024-11-05,2024-11-06,coinjournal.net
46845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://cryptobriefing.com/vaneck-pyth-network-etn-launch/,VanEck launches Pyth ETN in Europe,VanEck launches a Solana Pyth ETN in Europe  offering exposure to PYTH token via Euronext  enhancing access to oracle network assets.The post VanEck launches Pyth ETN in Europe appeared first on Crypto Briefing.,The VanEck Pyth ETN offers European investors access to PYTH token performance with full collateralization and real-time data integrationKey Takeaways VanEck has launched an ETN tracking the Pyth Network's native token on Euronext Amsterdam and Paris.The Pyth Network provides high-frequency data and enables smart contracts to interact with off-chain data.Share this articleVanEck launched a new ETN in Europe  tracking the Pyth Network’s native token  PYTH  announced in a press release earlier today.The ETN  listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris  will be available to investors across 15 European countries  including Germany  France  Norway  and Switzerland.Providing investors with exposure to the PYTH token  the ETN holds a fully diluted market capitalization of approximately $3.4 billion.“Smart contracts are becoming increasingly important in finance  and oracle networks are key to enabling real-world applications ” said Martijn Rozemuller  CEO of VanEck Europe.The Pyth Network operates as a decentralized oracle protocol  enabling smart contracts to interact with off-chain data and communicate with other blockchain networks.The network specializes in high-frequency data  sourcing directly from exchanges  trading firms  and financial institutions.The VanEck Pyth ETN tracks the MarketVector Pyth Network VWAP Close Index and is fully collateralized with physical PYTH tokens  held in custody by Liechtenstein-based Bank Frick  with a total expense ratio of 1.5%.VanEck has established a significant presence in the European crypto ETN market with more than a dozen products covering various digital assets  including Solana and Chainlink.The asset manager has also launched two spot crypto exchange-traded funds in the US: VanEck Bitcoin ETF (HODL) and VanEck Ethereum ETF (ETHV).,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Pyth ETN', 'VanEck', 'Europe', 'MarketVector Pyth Network VWAP Close Index', 'two spot crypto exchange-traded funds', 'European crypto ETN market', 'The VanEck Pyth ETN', 'The Pyth Network', 'physical PYTH tokens', 'Liechtenstein-based Bank Frick', 'total expense ratio', 'a dozen products', 'various digital assets', 'Key Takeaways VanEck', 'VanEck Bitcoin ETF', 'VanEck Ethereum ETF', 'decentralized oracle protocol', 'other blockchain networks', 'PYTH token performance', 'real-time data integration', 'European investors access', 'The ETN', '15 European countries', 'market capitalization', 'oracle networks', 'article VanEck', 'new ETN', 'native token', 'VanEck Europe', 'high-frequency data', 'chain data', 'full collateralization', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'smart contracts', 'press release', 'real-world applications', 'Martijn Rozemuller', 'trading firms', 'financial institutions', 'significant presence', 'asset manager', 'Euronext Paris', 'Germany', 'France', 'Norway', 'Switzerland', 'exposure', 'finance', 'CEO', 'exchanges', 'custody', 'Solana', 'Chainlink', 'HODL', 'ETHV']",2024-11-05,2024-11-06,cryptobriefing.com
46846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/11/05/2975066/0/en/VEON-s-Jazz-Enters-Partnership-to-Support-Local-Language-AI-LLM-Development-in-Pakistan.html,VEON’s Jazz Enters Partnership to Support Local-Language AI LLM Development in Pakistan,Amsterdam  Dubai and Islamabad  05 November 2024 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator  announced that Jazz  its digital operator in Pakistan  has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the National Universit…,Amsterdam  Dubai and Islamabad  05 November 2024 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator  announced that Jazz  its digital operator in Pakistan  has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the National Universit…,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Local-Language AI LLM Development', 'VEON', 'Jazz', 'Partnership', 'Pakistan', 'global digital operator', 'National Universit', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Dubai', 'Islamabad', 'Nasdaq', 'Jazz', 'Pakistan', 'memorandum', 'understanding', 'MoU']",2024-11-05,2024-11-06,globenewswire.com
46847,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.businesspost.ie/markets/euronext-publishes-first-irish-corporate-governance-code-in-sign-of-continued-uk-divergence/,Euronext publishes first Irish corporate governance code in sign of continued UK divergence,LATEST NEWS 12:02 Live News: Puma's third quarter sales miss market expectations; New airport hotel announced 12:00 Euronext publishes first Irish corporate governance code in sign of continued UK divergence 11:47 US Election Live: Trump officially wins election; Markets rise  dollar surges  world leaders congratulate Trump,LATEST NEWS 12:02 Live News: Puma's third quarter sales miss market expectations; New airport hotel announced 12:00 Euronext publishes first Irish corporate governance code in sign of continued UK divergence 11:47 US Election Live: Trump officially wins election; Markets rise  dollar surges  world leaders congratulate Trump,neutral,0.0,0.7,0.29,mixed,0.4,0.35,0.25,True,English,"['first Irish corporate governance code', 'UK divergence', 'Euronext', 'sign', 'continued', 'first Irish corporate governance code', 'third quarter sales', 'New airport hotel', 'US Election Live', 'Live News', 'LATEST NEWS', 'market expectations', 'UK divergence', 'dollar surges', 'world leaders', 'Puma', '12:00 Euronext', 'sign', 'continued', 'Trump', 'Markets']",2024-11-06,2024-11-06,businesspost.ie
