UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,nan,🌽🍌🍉🍒🍈🥑🍇🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds']",2022-11-26,2022-11-28,Unknown
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-25,2022-11-28,Unknown
12927,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,nan,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees']",2022-11-23,2022-11-28,Unknown
13509,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP', 'AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP']",2022-11-21,2022-11-28,Unknown
13510,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7']",2022-11-21,2022-11-28,Unknown
13564,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,nan,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang', 'Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang']",2022-11-22,2022-11-28,Unknown
13629,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Interesting article about the experience of Deutsche Börse moving to the cloud.  https://t.co/4XZN8cuLS5 https://t.co/FUlVjIwY0D,nan,Interesting article about the experience of Deutsche Börse moving to the cloud.  https://t.co/4XZN8cuLS5 https://t.co/FUlVjIwY0D,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Interesting article', 'experience', 'cloud', 'XZN8cuLS5', 'FUlVjIwY0D', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Interesting article', 'experience', 'cloud', 'XZN8cuLS5', 'FUlVjIwY0D']",2022-11-23,2022-11-28,Unknown
13688,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e3SLWQVJaQ,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e3SLWQVJaQ,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-24,2022-11-28,Unknown
13789,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Xb87Boncry,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Xb87Boncry,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-26,2022-11-28,Unknown
13790,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/Po8IJsz5bn,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/Po8IJsz5bn,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Po8IJsz5bn', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Po8IJsz5bn']",2022-11-26,2022-11-28,Unknown
13791,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,SWIFT  Euroclear and the Bank of New York Mellon  three pillars of the international payment architecture  have the… https://t.co/cj2ccnX3bA,nan,SWIFT  Euroclear and the Bank of New York Mellon  three pillars of the international payment architecture  have the… https://t.co/cj2ccnX3bA,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['New York Mellon', 'international payment architecture', 'three pillars', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear', 'Bank', 'New York Mellon', 'international payment architecture', 'three pillars', 'SWIFT', 'Euroclear', 'Bank']",2022-11-25,2022-11-28,Unknown
13801,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@49percentoff no really like a SEC but information is on Euronext https://t.co/OLf97vn4kRand for private companies… https://t.co/4QRo9QxhjH,nan,@49percentoff no really like a SEC but information is on Euronext https://t.co/OLf97vn4kRand for private companies… https://t.co/4QRo9QxhjH,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['private companies', 'SEC', 'information', 'Euronext', 'QRo9QxhjH', 'private companies', 'SEC', 'information', 'Euronext', 'QRo9QxhjH']",2022-11-27,2022-11-28,Unknown
13803,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.livemint.com/market/stock-market-news/sensex-may-hit-80-000-by-dec-2023-but-there-s-a-catch-11669643934903.html,Sensex may hit 80 000 by Dec 2023  says Morgan Stanley. But there's a catch | Mint - Mint,<ol><li>Sensex may hit 80 000 by Dec 2023  says Morgan Stanley. But there's a catch | Mint  Mint</li><li>Morgan Stanley sees Sensex at 80 000 by December 2023  but there's a catch  Moneycontrol</li><li>Morgan Stanley Expects S&P BSE Sensex To Rise 10% In …,"BSE Sensex is expected to hit 80 000 by December 2023 if India is included in the global bond indexes and prices of commodities including oil and fertilisers correct sharply and earnings growth compounding at the rate of 25% annually over FY2022-25  according to analysts of foreign brokerage firm Morgan Stanley.India might have to wait until early next year to see its bonds enter the JPMorgan emerging market global index. According to reports  the inclusion has been delayed on account of prickly operational issues.The inclusion of India in the global bond indexes could result in nearly $20 billion of inflows over the subsequent 12 months  the Wall Street brokerage said in a note  while making a bull case for a 30% chance of the blue-chip index hitting the number.Local bond settlement rules  tax complexities and the way in which investors will repatriate dollars are among the operational issues that still need to be resolved  a Reuters report had stated earlier. Index investors tend to favour international settlement platforms such as Euroclear but India has said it wants to settle bonds onshore  like China.The government and the Reserve Bank of India will likely sort out some of these issues by the end of this year. If resolved  an announcement on India's inclusion could come early next year.‘50% chance of Sensex hitting 68 500 by 2023-end’The brokerage firm also sees a 50% chance of the Sensex hitting 68 500 by the end of 2023  assuming that the effects of the Russia-Ukraine war do not spill over into next year  domestic growth continues its strong path and the US does not slip into a protracted recession.""Government policy should remain supportive  and the RBI should execute a calibrated exit "" the brokerage said in a note.""India is likely to have better growth than most parts of (emerging markets)  a sustained domestic bid  a relatively strong macro environment plus light positioning by foreign portfolio investors "" as per Morgan Stanley analysts.Meanwhile  Morgan Stanley's Ridham Desai expects profit share in GDP to double from its current level of 4% to 8% over the next four years  indicating that broad market earnings could compound annually at 20-25%.In a bear case scenario  the brokerage sees Sensex dropping to 52 000 if commodity prices remain elevated  central bank tightens aggressively and recession in the US and Europe drag down India’s growth. There's a 20% probability of this  as per Morgan Stanley.Markets hit fresh all-time highsIndian stocks rose for the fifth session in a row today  with both the benchmark indexes scaling record highs  led by gains in oil marketing companies as crude prices slid following protests in major Chinese cities over Covid-19 controls.Amid global weakness  the indexes opened lower. But they reversed course to hit all-time intraday highs as oil prices continued their slide on demand worries from top importer China.The 30-share BSE Sensex surged 211.16 points or 0.34% to settle at 62 504.80  its fresh record closing high. During the day  it rose 407.76 points or 0.65% to its lifetime intra-day peak of 62 701.40.RIL jumped the most by 3.48%  followed by Nestle  Asian Paints  Bajaj Finserv  Wipro  ICICI Bank and IndusInd Bank among the Sensex pack.Tata Steel  HDFC Bank  Bharti Airtel  HDFC and Mahindra & Mahindra were among the laggards.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.14,0.7,True,English,"['Morgan Stanley', 'Sensex', 'Dec', 'catch', 'Mint', 'JPMorgan emerging market global index', 'Local bond settlement rules', 'international settlement platforms', 'broad market earnings', 'major Chinese cities', 'lifetime intra-day peak', 'global bond indexes', 'next four years', 'sustained domestic bid', 'strong macro environment', 'bear case scenario', 'Wall Street brokerage', 'foreign portfolio investors', 'oil marketing companies', 'top importer China', 'time intraday highs', 'early next year', 'foreign brokerage firm', '30-share BSE Sensex', 'Morgan Stanley analysts', 'global weakness', 'blue-chip index', 'Index investors', 'emerging markets', 'time highs', 'bull case', 'strong path', 'record highs', 'benchmark indexes', 'earnings growth', 'subsequent 12 months', 'tax complexities', 'Reuters report', 'Reserve Bank', 'Russia-Ukraine war', 'domestic growth', 'calibrated exit', 'most parts', 'light positioning', 'Ridham Desai', 'profit share', 'current level', 'central bank', 'Indian stocks', 'fifth session', 'Covid-19 controls', 'demand worries', 'Asian Paints', 'Bajaj Finserv', 'ICICI Bank', 'IndusInd Bank', 'Tata Steel', 'Bharti Airtel', 'commodity prices', 'crude prices', 'oil prices', 'operational issues', 'Sensex pack', 'protracted recession', 'Government policy', 'HDFC Bank', 'December', 'commodities', 'fertilisers', 'FY2022', 'bonds', 'reports', 'inclusion', 'account', 'inflows', 'note', '30% chance', 'number', 'way', 'dollars', 'Euroclear', 'end', 'announcement', '50% chance', 'effects', 'RBI', 'GDP', 'Europe', '20% probability', 'fresh', 'gains', 'protests', 'course', 'slide', 'RIL', 'Nestle', 'Wipro', 'Mahindra', 'laggards', '7.76']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,livemint.com
13804,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/republic-colombia-announces-bonds-offering-145100092.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,New Bonds Offering,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.Story continuesThe tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: LMAmericas@us.hsbc.com Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: LM@scotiabank.comThe Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: colombia@dfking.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.htmlSOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'aggregate principal amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'Outstanding Principal', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Old Bonds', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'Story', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13805,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221127005103/en/PMHH-Becomes-the-Owner-of-93.11-Percent-of-the-Shares-in-Swedish-Match-and-Intends-to-Initiate-Compulsory-Redemption-and-Request-Delisting,PMHH Becomes the Owner of 93.11 Percent of the Shares in Swedish Match  and Intends to Initiate Compulsory Redemption and Request Delisting,BERGEN OP ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislatio…,"BERGEN OP ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law. Shareholders not resident in Sweden who wish to accept the Offer (as defined below) must make inquiries concerning applicable legislation and possible tax consequences. Shareholders should refer to the offer restrictions included in the section titled “Important information” at the end of this announcement and in the offer document  which has been published on the Offer website (www.smokefree-offer.com). Shareholders in the United States should also refer to the section entitled “Special notice to shareholders in the United States” at the end of this announcement.On May 11  2022  Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V.1 (“PMHH”)  an affiliate of Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI”)  announced a recommended public offer to the shareholders of Swedish Match AB (“Swedish Match”) to tender all shares in Swedish Match2 to PMHH (the “Offer”). On November 7  2022  PMHH declared the Offer unconditional and announced that it would complete the Offer and acquire all shares in Swedish Match that have been tendered in the Offer. In addition  PMHH extended the acceptance period until November 25  2022 and informed the Swedish Match shareholders that the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period would be reduced to SEK 115.07 in cash per share due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share for shareholders of record as of November 14  2022. Today  PMHH announces that it becomes the owner of 93.11 percent2 of the shares in Swedish Match.The Offer is now closed. The shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the acceptance period (which expired on November 4  2022) amounted to in aggregate 1 255 989 816 shares in Swedish Match2  corresponding to approximately 82.59 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match. On November 10  2022  PMHH announced that PMHH had acquired 49 899 948 shares in Swedish Match outside the Offer  corresponding to approximately 3.28 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match  since the announcement of the outcome of the Offer on November 7  2022.The shares tendered in the Offer during the further extended acceptance period (which expired on November 25  2022) amount to in aggregate 80 933 854 shares in Swedish Match  corresponding to approximately 5.32 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match. In addition  PMHH has acquired an additional 29 164 342 shares in Swedish Match outside the Offer  corresponding to approximately 1.92 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match  since the announcement of the press release on November 10  2022. No acquisitions have been made at a price exceeding the price in the Offer.Accordingly  the total number of shares in Swedish Match held by PMHH  including the shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the further extended acceptance period on November 25  2022  amounts to 1 415 987 960 shares  corresponding to approximately 93.11 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match.“We are delighted to have obtained over 90% ownership of Swedish Match  allowing us to initiate a minority redemption process to acquire the remaining shares outstanding and request the delisting of the company from the stock market ” said Jacek Olczak  Chief Executive Officer of PMI. “This transaction marks a major milestone in accelerating our shared objective of a smoke-free future. We look forward to welcoming Swedish Match’s employees and leading oral nicotine portfolio into the PMI family to create a global smoke-free champion  notably bringing IQOS and ZYN together in both the U.S. and international markets. We are very excited about the growth  value creation and progress in Tobacco Harm Reduction that we believe can be achieved together over the coming years. Despite the increased cost of financing over recent months  we expect the combination to be low single-digit accretive to PMI’s adjusted diluted EPS in 2023  before potential revenue synergies and excluding transaction-related and one-off costs and the amortization of acquired intangibles.”Background and Transaction rationaleIn 2016  PMI announced its new mission to replace cigarettes with science-based  less harmful alternatives as soon as possible—to the benefit of people who smoke  public health  PMI  and society. The proof of PMI's commitment to this mission and strong progress to date is undeniable: In 2015  essentially all of PMI's net revenues came from cigarettes. In 2021  nearly 30 percent came from smoke-free products. By 2025  PMI aims to be a predominantly smoke-free company  with more than half of its net revenues coming from such products.While cigarettes represent PMI's past and are part of its present  they do not represent its future. Since 2008  PMI has invested more than USD 9 billion in researching  developing  and commercializing its smoke-free products. PMI has built world-class scientific assessment capabilities  notably in the areas of preclinical systems toxicology  clinical and behavioral research  as well as post-market studies. And it has met the strictest regulatory requirements for its sector  including in the U.S.  where the Food and Drug Administration has authorized versions of PMI's leading heated tobacco product  IQOS  as “modified risk tobacco products” (MRTPs)  finding that exposure modification orders for these products are appropriate to promote the public health.PMI and Swedish Match share a mutual vision of a world without cigarettes and a strong commitment to developing  scientifically substantiating  and responsibly commercializing smoke-free products that are less harmful than cigarettes. PMI values how Swedish Match has relentlessly pursued tobacco harm reduction through its range of smoke-free products; received authorizations for its products via strict regulatory pathways in the U.S.; and reshaped the public health environment in countries such as Sweden and Norway.As PMI continues to evolve its business for the long term  it believes that the two companies will be a perfect pairing of strategic vision  culture  and enterprise. Together  the companies will be able to create a global  science-led smoke-free champion  combining expertise in heated tobacco and oral nicotine—including multiple MRTP authorizations—as well as PMI's emerging presence in e-vapor products  to switch more adult smokers to better alternatives than the two could achieve as separate companies. Swedish Match will lead the combined company’s oral nicotine business.The combination with Swedish Match positions PMI to:create a comprehensive smoke-free product portfolio globally  underpinned by a leading R&D engine for science  innovation  and growth through the companies' complementary capabilities;directly enter and compete in the large  attractive and growing U.S. smoke-free market by: (i) further supporting and developing Swedish Match's oral nicotine portfolio in the U.S. and (ii) leveraging Swedish Match's substantial operational platform in the U.S. to unlock commercial opportunities across other smoke-free categories in the coming years  including with IQOS as of April 30  2024; andas of April 30  2024; and drive accelerated global expansion opportunities for Swedish Match's oral nicotine products through PMI's international commercial infrastructure and financial resources.We expect that the combination will immediately enhance PMI's already strong growth profile and support additional opportunities in the U.S. and internationally over time. Despite the increased cost of financing over recent months  we expect the combination to be low single-digit accretive to PMI’s adjusted diluted EPS in 2023  before potential revenue synergies and excluding transaction-related and one-off costs and the amortization of acquired intangibles. Importantly  Swedish Match's operating cash flow comprises meaningful U.S. dollar net income  thereby improving PMI's currency profile.The transaction will result in a combined company with a strong balance sheet and leverage of approximately 3x net debt to adjusted EBITDA  with deleveraging anticipated over the next few years. PMI remains committed to its strong single-A credit ratings  as a growing and highly cash-generative business. To support deleveraging  PMI has suspended its current three-year share repurchase program  which began in July 2021. PMI also remains committed to its progressive dividend policy  while gradually reducing its adjusted diluted EPS payout ratio to around 75% over time.PMI recognizes that the employees and management team of Swedish Match have built a highly successful business with an excellent track record  and PMI has the utmost respect for them. PMI's current plans for the future business and general strategy  as described above  do not include any material changes with regard to Swedish Match's operational sites  or its management and employees  including their terms of employment. Swedish Match has a complementary organization with a talented  dedicated workforce  excellent culture and a strong base of skills in Sweden  the U.S. and across the world. PMI intends to nurture this talent and provide additional opportunities as the companies grow together. Importantly  PMI intends to provide compensation and benefits consistent with Swedish Match's current programs  including the Profit Sharing Foundation in Sweden. In addition  PMI intends to preserve and develop Swedish Match's operational presence in Sweden  where much of the company’s skills base is located  as well as in Richmond  Virginia  the site of the head office for Swedish Match's U.S. Division. PMI has no plans to divest the Lights business.Certain terms of the OfferPMHH has decided not to further extend the acceptance period. Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer during the extended acceptance period (which expired on November 25  2022)  is expected to be initiated around December 2  2022. PMHH reserves the right to postpone the settlement date  provided however  that settlement shall in any event be made within 7 business days following the expiration of the acceptance period. PMHH will announce any postponement of the settlement date by a press release in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.PMHH intends to initiate compulsory redemption under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) to acquire all remaining shares in Swedish Match. PMHH also intends to request delisting of Swedish Match’s shares from Nasdaq Stockholm.Prior to the announcement of the Offer  neither PMHH nor any closely related companies or closely related parties owned or otherwise controlled any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares. Apart from the 79 064 290 shares in Swedish Match that PMHH has acquired outside the Offer  as described above  neither PMHH or any closely related companies or closely related parties have acquired any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares outside the Offer. To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  PMHH and its affiliates may acquire  or take measures to acquire  additional shares in Swedish Match in other ways than through the Offer. Information about such acquisitions of shares  or measures to acquire shares  will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share with record date for the payment on November 14  2022  and date for payment through Euroclear Sweden on November 17  2022  the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period has  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer4  been reduced accordingly to SEK 115.07 in cash per share. For further information regarding Swedish Match’s resolution on dividends at the annual general meeting 2022  please refer to Swedish Match’s website  www.swedishmatch.com. Since the Offer has been declared unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer have no right to withdraw acceptances.For administrative questions regarding the Offer  please contact your bank or the nominee registered as holder of your shares.The information was submitted for publication on November 28  2022 at 12 p.m. (CET).Information about the Offerwww.smokefree-offer.comImportant informationThis press release has been published in Swedish and English. In the event of any discrepancy in content between the two language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law (each a “Restricted Jurisdiction”). This offer constitutes an ""exempt take-over bid"" for purpose of applicable Canadian securities laws and shareholders resident in Canada are entitled to participate in the Offer on the same terms as shareholders in other applicable jurisdictions.The release  publication  or distribution of this press release in or into jurisdictions other than Sweden may be restricted by law  and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction other than Sweden should inform themselves about and observe any applicable requirements. In particular  the ability of persons who are not resident in Sweden to accept the Offer may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  the companies and persons involved in the Offer disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person.This announcement has been prepared for the purpose of complying with Swedish law  the Takeover Rules  and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this press release had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than Sweden.Unless otherwise determined by PMHH or required by Swedish law  the Takeover Rules and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and permitted by applicable law and regulation  the Offer will not be made available  directly or indirectly  in  into  or from a Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws and regulations in that jurisdiction  and no person may accept the Offer by any use  means  or instrumentality (including  but not limited to  facsimile  email  or other electronic transmission  telex  or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facility of a national  state  or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and the Offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use  means  instrumentality  or facilities. Accordingly  copies of this press release and any formal documentation relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed  or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and persons receiving such documents (including custodians  nominees  and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute  or send them in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction.The availability of the Offer to shareholders of Swedish Match who are not resident in and citizens of Sweden may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are respectively located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in or citizens of Sweden should inform themselves of  and abide by  any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions.The Offer and the information and documents contained in this press release are not being made and have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  the information and documents contained in this press release are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom  unless an exemption applies. The communication of the information and documents contained in this press release is exempt from the restriction on financial promotions under section 21 of the FSMA on the basis that it is a communication by or on behalf of a body corporate that relates to a transaction to acquire day-to-day control of the affairs of a body corporate or to acquire 50 percent or more of the voting shares in a body corporate  within article 62 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005.This press release contains statements relating to future status or circumstances  including statements regarding remaining transactional steps and requirements and the ultimate success of the acquisition  that are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may generally  but not always  be identified by the use of words such as “anticipates ” “intends ” “expects ” “believes ” or similar expressions  and include  without limitation  the statements made by Mr. Jacek Olczak. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to many factors  many of which are outside the control of PMI and PMHH. Any such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and PMI and PMHH have no obligation (and undertake no such obligation) to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except for in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Merrill Lynch International (“BofA Securities”) and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“Citi”)  which are authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated in the U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA  are acting as financial advisers for PMHH and for no one else in connection with the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than PMHH for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing advice in connection with the Offer or any other matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BofA Securities  Citi  nor any of their respective affiliates  directors  or employees owes or accepts any duty  liability  or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect  consequential  whether in contract  in tort  in delict  under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BofA Securities or Citi  respectively  in connection with this announcement  any statement contained herein  the Offer  or otherwise.Special notice to shareholders in the United StatesThe Offer described in this press release is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Swedish Match  a company incorporated under Swedish law  and is subject to Swedish disclosure and procedural requirements  which may be different from those of the United States. In the United States  the Offer will also be made in accordance with certain provisions of the United States federal securities laws  to the extent applicable  including Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended  and Regulation 14E thereunder (“Regulation 14E”); provided that PMHH has requested  and the Division of Corporation Finance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) has granted  relief exempting the Offer from certain requirements of Regulation 14E in order to align aspects of the Offer in which Swedish laws and market practice conflict with U.S. federal securities laws. Accordingly  the disclosure and procedures regarding the Offer  including with respect to withdrawal rights  the Offer timetable  notices of extensions  announcements of results  settlement procedures (including as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered)  and waivers of conditions  may be different from requirements or customary practices in relation to U.S. domestic tender offers. Holders of the shares of Swedish Match domiciled or resident in the United States (the “U.S. Holders”) are encouraged to consult with their advisers regarding the Offer.Swedish Match’s financial statements and all financial information included herein  or any other documents relating to the Offer  have been or will be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of companies in the United States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Offer is made to the U.S. Holders on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Swedish Match to whom the Offer is being made. Any information documents  including the offer document  are being disseminated to U.S. Holders on a basis comparable to the method pursuant to which such documents are provided to Swedish Match’s other shareholders.The U.S. Holders should consider that the price for the Offer is being paid in SEK and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.It may be difficult for U.S. Holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal or U.S. state securities laws in connection with the Offer  since Swedish Match and PMHH are located in countries other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the United States. U.S. Holders may not be able to sue Swedish Match or PMHH or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel Swedish Match or PMHH and/or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction or judgment of a U.S. court.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  and in reliance on relief granted by the SEC exempting the Offer from certain of the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under Regulation 14E  PMHH and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for PMHH or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase shares of Swedish Match outside the United States (or securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for  or exercisable for such shares). These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and information about such purchases will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. Holders of such information  to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations. In addition  affiliates to the financial advisers to PMHH may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Swedish Match  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities as long as such purchases or arrangements comply with applicable laws and regulations. Any information about such purchases will be announced in Swedish and in an English translation available to the U.S. Holders through relevant electronic media  including the Offer website at www.smokefree-offer.com  if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable Swedish or U.S. law  rules  or regulations.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. Holder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each shareholder is urged to consult an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Offer. Neither PMHH nor any of its affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees  or agents or any other person acting on their behalf in connection with the Offer shall be responsible for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from acceptance of this Offer.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS PRESS RELEASE  OR MADE ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE IN THE UNITED STATES.For the purposes of this press release  “United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America  including its territories and possessions and all states of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.1 A Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap)  with corporate registration number 20028955 and corporate seat in Bergen op Zoom  the Netherlands  indirectly wholly owned by PMI.2 Excluding any treasury shares held by Swedish Match (currently 4 285 810 shares).3 Including the 1 255 945 656 shares tendered in the Offer at November 4  2022  as announced in the outcome press release dated November 7  2022  and 44 160 shares tendered through late acceptances recorded on the morning November 7  2022.4 According to the terms and conditions of the Offer  as set out in the offer document regarding the Offer made public on June 28  2022  if prior to settlement of the Offer  Swedish Match (i) distributes dividends or (ii) in any other way distributes or transfers value to its shareholders  the consideration in the Offer will be reduced accordingly. As the payment of the dividend on November 17  2022 occurred before settlement of shares tendered in the Offer during the further extended acceptance period  expected around December 2  2022  the SEK 0.93 dividend payment was not received by PMHH  but by the shareholder registered as of the record date on November 14  2022.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.16,0.29,True,English,"['Swedish Match', 'Compulsory Redemption', 'Request Delisting', 'PMHH', 'Owner', '93.11 Percent', 'Shares', 'Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V.1', 'Philip Morris International Inc.', 'science-based, less harmful alternatives', 'possible tax consequences', 'minority redemption process', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'oral nicotine portfolio', 'Tobacco Harm Reduction', 'potential revenue synergies', 'global smoke-free champion', 'Swedish Match AB', 'Swedish Match shareholders', 'international markets', 'smoke-free future', 'Swedish Match2', 'OP ZOOM', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'other jurisdiction', 'relevant jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Important information', 'United States', 'Special notice', 'acceptance period', 'voting rights', 'press release', 'total number', 'stock market', 'Jacek Olczak', 'major milestone', 'U.S.', 'value creation', 'coming years', 'recent months', 'low single-digit', 'diluted EPS', 'one-off costs', 'public health', 'net revenues', 'smoke-free products', 'smoke-free company', 'share capital', 'applicable legislation', 'Transaction rationale', 'new mission', 'strong progress', 'additional 29,164,342 shares', 'remaining shares', 'offer restrictions', 'offer document', 'Offer website', 'public offer', 'PMI family', 'aggregate 1,255,989,816 shares', '49,899,948 shares', '80,933,854 shares', '1,415,987,960 shares', 'Netherlands', 'announcement', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'regulations', 'Sweden', 'inquiries', 'section', 'end', 'May', 'PMHH', 'affiliate', 'November', 'price', 'SEK', 'cash', 'payment', 'record', 'owner', '93.11 percent2', '82.59 percent2', '3.28 percent2', 'outcome', '5.32 percent2', '1.92 percent2', 'acquisitions', 'delisting', 'shared', 'objective', 'employees', 'IQOS', 'ZYN', 'growth', 'financing', 'combination', 'transaction-related', 'amortization', 'intangibles', 'Background', 'cigarettes', 'benefit', 'people', 'society', 'proof', 'commitment', 'date', '30 percent', 'half', 'past', '2025']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,businesswire.com
13806,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- New Bonds Offering The Republic of Colombia (""Colombia"") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the ""New Bonds Offering"") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the ""New …","BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.The tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: [email protected] Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: [email protected]The Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA  or (in the case of such corporation) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in 276(3)(i)(B) of the SFA or (in the case of such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;where the transfer is by operation of law;as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; oras specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: [email protected]SOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Old Bonds Outstanding Principal', 'New York time', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,prnewswire.com
13807,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Foster goodwill every day  not just in the holiday season #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pToxrT50WB #regtech,nan,Foster goodwill every day  not just in the holiday season #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pToxrT50WB #regtech,positive,0.5,0.5,0.0,positive,0.5,0.5,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'holiday season', 'goodwill', 'regtech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'holiday season', 'goodwill', 'regtech']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13808,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,nan,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-27,2022-11-28,Unknown
13809,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/republic-colombia-announces-bonds-offering-145100092.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,New Bonds Offering,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.Story continuesThe tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: LMAmericas@us.hsbc.com Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: LM@scotiabank.comThe Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: colombia@dfking.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.htmlSOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'aggregate principal amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'Outstanding Principal', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Old Bonds', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'Story', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13810,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- New Bonds Offering The Republic of Colombia (""Colombia"") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the ""New Bonds Offering"") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the ""New …","BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.The tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: [email protected] Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: [email protected]The Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA  or (in the case of such corporation) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in 276(3)(i)(B) of the SFA or (in the case of such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;where the transfer is by operation of law;as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; oras specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: [email protected]SOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Old Bonds Outstanding Principal', 'New York time', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,prnewswire.com
13811,Clearstream,Bing API,https://delano.lu/article/smarter-faster-safer-using-the,Using the new payments standard to catalyze change,ISO 20022 is one of the most significant changes to the payments industry in decades and can be a trigger for firms to undertake great transformation. To this end  Clearstream and EY’s Payments transformation experts have been working collaboratively over recent months to uncover and unlock new value.,It is not news and has been on the horizon for almost 20 years – a build-up viewed with equal parts apprehension and excitement. Simply put  the ISO 20022 standard introduces rich messaging formatting options  resulting in faster payment processing and reduced manual interventions. Embracing change  tackling the migration head on  and looking beyond minimum compliance to opportunities which may arise  will set apart the leaders from the laggards.Early adoption allows a longer period to “get things right”The go live for the Eurozone is March 2023; a date which marks the start of a three-year period of coexistence. Some market players have opted to keep their ISO 15022 format in the near future  while others are taking a big bang approach. Defi Kimenga  Head of Banking Unit at Clearstream  shares that the firm is taking a phased approach by acting now  but in a considered fashion using a “longer proving ground to finetune systems and educate internal and end clients”.An approach like this can minimize disruption and operational risk. Laurent Moscetti  EY Luxembourg Partner and Consulting Leader says: “Defining a target approach is about continuity. Ongoing governance and post-implementation support will be key to program success.” Players who prepare for a multi-year effort will also benefit from full payments stack reviews and adequate testing  according to Ramkumar Prabhu Ramachandran  Senior Manager dedicated to ISO 20022 at EY.Why the standard matters more now than it did 20 years ago to the industry…New technologies have sparked great innovation in banking  but this has ultimately led to market fragmentation. Clearstream’s Product Manager for Banking Services  Catherine Falcone  expects harmonization  with capabilities becoming streamlined and requiring less adaptation  if market players avoid adapting the standard to their own taste.… and to ClearstreamThe standard will make it possible to increase account-to-account solutions and straight-through processing  which to clients may materialize as direct and instant payments  says Defi. For Ondrej Vladyka  Head of Cash Processing at Clearstream  it is all about process effectivity and ultimately client outcomes. The standard enables enhanced processing of complex business rules as well as faster query turnarounds. All this boils down to a reduction in human interventions on free format messages and in testing. For customers this means more secure processing  fewer errors and frictions with financial service providers. For Clearstream this means product agility and faster time to market.How to prepare to migrateISO 20022 impacts business as much as it does IT  and even then the IT migration impact will go “beyond core payments processing  with touchpoints on liquidity management  Nostro reconciliations  AML and other ancillary systems ” says Ramkumar. Assessing business  operational and technical readiness is a pre-requisite. Another key consideration is the ability to test end-to-end. A comprehensive testing strategy is crucial.What lies beyond migration?One of the most exciting elements is the opportunity for growth that the new standard will enable. According to Francesco Palmitessa  who heads up Clearstream’s Connectivity Sales & Onboarding  the new standard may create “room to scale  making it easier to develop tools with API capabilities  create end-to-end harmonization across companies in real time and efficient data analytics”. For Laurent  it is the ability to support EY’s clients in navigating the migration so that they can emerge ready to grasp growth opportunities  that he looks forward to the most.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.12,0.26,True,English,"['new payments standard', 'change', 'rich messaging formatting options', 'full payments stack reviews', 'equal parts apprehension', 'financial service providers', 'efficient data analytics', 'faster query turnarounds', 'core payments processing', 'big bang approach', 'Ramkumar Prabhu Ramachandran', 'complex business rules', 'free format messages', 'other ancillary systems', 'comprehensive testing strategy', 'faster payment processing', 'EY Luxembourg Partner', 'IT migration impact', 'instant payments', 'faster time', 'Cash Processing', 'enhanced processing', 'secure processing', 'manual interventions', 'minimum compliance', 'Early adoption', 'longer period', 'three-year period', 'near future', 'phased approach', 'longer proving', 'operational risk', 'Consulting Leader', 'target approach', 'Ongoing governance', 'post-implementation support', 'multi-year effort', 'adequate testing', 'Senior Manager', 'New technologies', 'great innovation', 'Product Manager', 'Catherine Falcone', 'less adaptation', 'account solutions', 'Ondrej Vladyka', 'process effectivity', 'client outcomes', 'human interventions', 'fewer errors', 'product agility', 'liquidity management', 'Nostro reconciliations', 'business, operational', 'technical readiness', 'key consideration', 'exciting elements', 'Francesco Palmitessa', 'Connectivity Sales', 'real time', 'market fragmentation', 'Banking Unit', 'Banking Services', 'Defi Kimenga', 'Laurent Moscetti', 'API capabilities', 'new standard', 'market players', 'growth opportunities', 'ISO 20022 standard', 'end clients', '15022 format', 'EY.', 'news', 'horizon', '20 years', 'build-up', 'excitement', 'reduced', 'change', 'head', 'leaders', 'laggards', 'things', 'Eurozone', 'March', 'date', 'start', 'coexistence', 'others', 'Clearstream', 'firm', 'fashion', 'internal', 'disruption', 'continuity', 'program', 'success', 'industry', 'harmonization', 'taste', 'direct', 'reduction', 'customers', 'frictions', 'touchpoints', 'AML', 'requisite', 'ability', 'opportunity', 'Onboarding', 'room', 'scale', 'tools', 'companies']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,delano.lu
13812,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB NME1PMFhttps://t.co/iXl2Rkoc9H https://t.co/TB8gL0JZIN,nan,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB NME1PMFhttps://t.co/iXl2Rkoc9H https://t.co/TB8gL0JZIN,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'C2MVB NME1PMF', 'Ready', 'ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'C2MVB NME1PMF', 'Ready']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13813,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct Clearstream 4 TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast W/Pi… https://t.co/uTXa0Dp7Ol,nan,Antennas Direct Clearstream 4 TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast W/Pi… https://t.co/uTXa0Dp7Ol,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['70+ Mile Range', '4 TV Antenna', 'Mast W/Pi', 'Antennas', 'UHF', 'Attic', 'uTXa0Dp7Ol', '70+ Mile Range', '4 TV Antenna', 'Mast W/Pi', 'Antennas', 'UHF', 'Attic', 'uTXa0Dp7Ol']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13814,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Ready for #ISO20022? #Clearstream is an early adopter to ensure a smooth transition for its clients. In this… https://t.co/kPuvozqwFs,nan,Ready for #ISO20022? #Clearstream is an early adopter to ensure a smooth transition for its clients. In this… https://t.co/kPuvozqwFs,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['early adopter', 'smooth transition', 'clients', 'kPuvozqwFs', 'early adopter', 'smooth transition', 'clients', 'kPuvozqwFs']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13815,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/10bkZhWyfj,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/10bkZhWyfj,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast', 'ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13816,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/Oei6xdNapN,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/Oei6xdNapN,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,True,English,"['4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic', 'Oei6xdNapN', '4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic', 'Oei6xdNapN']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13817,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,nan,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-27,2022-11-28,Unknown
13818,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Laxatif_3D @DavidDocquoy @CNIL Remember Clearstream 2. https://t.co/A0qimfJJej,nan,@Laxatif_3D @DavidDocquoy @CNIL Remember Clearstream 2. https://t.co/A0qimfJJej,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.02,True,English,"['Laxatif_3D', 'DavidDocquoy', 'CNIL', 'Clearstream', 'A0qimfJJej', 'Laxatif_3D', 'DavidDocquoy', 'CNIL', 'Clearstream', 'A0qimfJJej']",2022-11-26,2022-11-28,Unknown
13819,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct C4-V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Ant... https://t.co/GUOsGWxgBo eBay https://t.co/ME52Osi5yH,nan,Antennas Direct C4-V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Ant... https://t.co/GUOsGWxgBo eBay https://t.co/ME52Osi5yH,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range', 'Antennas Direct C', 'Outdoor HDTV Ant', 'GUOsGWxgBo', 'ME52Osi5yH', 'V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range', 'Antennas Direct C', 'Outdoor HDTV Ant', 'GUOsGWxgBo', 'ME52Osi5yH']",2022-11-26,2022-11-28,Unknown
13820,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/9oBFYc7SgS,nan,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/9oBFYc7SgS,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream', 'Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-25,2022-11-28,Unknown
13821,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/ZaLVK3a3Hh,nan,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/ZaLVK3a3Hh,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream', 'ZaLVK3a3Hh', 'Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream', 'ZaLVK3a3Hh']",2022-11-25,2022-11-28,Unknown
13822,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream's Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Managementhttps://t.co/oALFd3tH6a… https://t.co/3zwrINNjh2,nan,Clearstream's Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Managementhttps://t.co/oALFd3tH6a… https://t.co/3zwrINNjh2,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream', 'Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-25,2022-11-28,Unknown
13823,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/t8XZq6IlrU,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna  50+ Mile Range  Multi-Directional  Grips to Walls  15dB I… https://t.co/t8XZq6IlrU,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.03,neutral,0.13,0.84,0.03,True,English,"['Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls', 'Eclipse Amplified TV Antenna', '50+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Grips', 'Walls']",2022-11-24,2022-11-28,Unknown
13824,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/eu-sets-out-plans-to-shift-derivatives-clearing-from-london-to-frankfurt/ar-AA14EVIg,EU sets out plans to shift derivatives clearing from London to Frankfurt,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -Banks and other market participants in the European Union will have to prove to regulators that they are not overly reliant on clearing houses in London for processing their derivatives transactions ,"© Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO: Bull and bear symbols for successful and bad trading are seen in front of the German stock exchange (Deutsche Boerse) in FrankfurtBy Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) -Banks and other market participants in the European Union will have to prove to regulators that they are not overly reliant on clearing houses in London for processing their derivatives transactions  an EU draft document seen by Reuters showed.The EU has long wanted to end heavy reliance on London-based clearing houses  such as London Stock Exchange Group's LCH  for clearing euro-denominated interest rate swaps  particularly now Britain is no longer a member of the bloc.Brexit has meant that much of the UK financial sector has been cut off from the EU  but Brussels has allowed clearers in London to continue serving customers in the bloc until June 30  2025.The loss of clearing in contract worth trillions of euros would be a further knock to the City as it faces new competition from EU financial centres like Paris and Frankfurt  alongside longstanding rivals such as New York and Singapore.Global banks have warned Brussels they could clear contracts in the United States if the EU is too heavy-handed.The EU's executive body  the European Commission  set out in a draft law proposed requirements for market participants to have an ""active account"" with a yet-to-be determined minimum level of activity at a clearing house in the EU.""It is appropriate to require financial counterparties and non-financial counterparties ... to hold  directly or indirectly  accounts with a minimum level of activity"" at clearing houses established in the EU  the draft said.Clearers are backed by a default fund to ensure that trades are completed even if one side of the transaction goes bust.The measures are aimed at safeguarding financial stability by ending ""excessive exposures"" to ""a few"" non-EU clearers  the draft added  with the minimum level of activity to be decided by the EU's European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) and other regulators in the bloc.""In addition  ESMA should indicate suitable phase-in periods for the progressive implementation of that requirement "" the draft said.ESMA would hold a public consultation and publish a cost-benefit analysis. Market participants will have to report to regulators how much they use foreign clearers.'PRAGMATIC'About 60% of EU customers of EU clearers already have an account for rate swaps  rising to 85% for credit default swaps  but many of the accounts are not regularly used  a step Deutsche Boerse's Eurex Clearing in Frankfurt is seeking to remedy on a voluntary basis ahead of the EU law.The commission is due to publish the draft law on Dec. 7  with the European Parliament and EU states having the final say.The EU wants to increase ""strategic autonomy"" in its capital market to encourage companies to raise funds by issuing stocks on bonds  and ease reliance on bank loans.An industry official said the proposals were ""pragmatic"" and focused on building up internal clearing capacity by making it easier and faster to approve new products and risk models at EU clearers to keep abreast of market changes.Global banks have warned Brussels that heavy  mandatory action forcing them to shift euro derivatives clearing out of London would backfire on EU banks  who need access to global liquidity pools in London  and could send clearing activity to the United States.The proposals also tackle issues raised in commodity derivatives markets this year when energy prices rocketed after Russia's invasion of Ukraine. It left energy firms unable to meet collateral calls on their derivatives contracts and forced governments to intervene.The draft law tentatively proposes requiring EU clearers of commodity derivatives to hold a standalone default fund for that particular asset.ESMA should also review rules for clearing commodity derivatives to see if better differentiation is needed between agriculture  energy and metals contracts  or based on other features such as environmental  social and governance criteria  environmentally sustainable investments or crypto related features""  the draft said.(Reporting by Huw JonesEditing by Gareth Jones  David Goodman and Andrew Heavens)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.05,0.86,True,English,"['EU', 'plans', 'derivatives', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO', 'euro-denominated interest rate swaps', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'German stock exchange', 'credit default swaps', 'heavy, mandatory action', 'crypto related features', 'UK financial sector', 'global liquidity pools', 'standalone default fund', 'internal clearing capacity', 'London-based clearing houses', 'EU financial centres', 'commodity derivatives markets', 'other market participants', 'EU draft document', 'other features', 'Markets Authority', 'financial counterparties', 'financial stability', 'capital market', 'market changes', 'derivatives transactions', 'euro derivatives', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Global banks', 'bear symbols', 'bad trading', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Huw Jones', 'European Union', 'heavy reliance', 'contract worth', 'new competition', 'longstanding rivals', 'New York', 'United States', 'executive body', 'minimum level', 'one side', 'excessive exposures', 'European Securities', 'suitable phase', 'progressive implementation', 'public consultation', 'cost-benefit analysis', 'voluntary basis', 'European Parliament', 'final say', 'strategic autonomy', 'bank loans', 'industry official', 'new products', 'risk models', 'collateral calls', 'particular asset', 'governance criteria', 'sustainable investments', 'Gareth Jones', 'David Goodman', 'Andrew Heavens', 'derivatives contracts', 'EU law', 'EU states', 'foreign clearers', 'other regulators', 'energy prices', 'energy firms', 'metals contracts', 'draft law', 'EU banks', 'European Commission', 'active account', 'EU clearers', 'The EU', 'clearing activity', 'EU customers', 'Bull', 'successful', 'front', 'Frankfurt', 'LCH', 'Britain', 'member', 'bloc', 'Brexit', 'Brussels', 'June', 'loss', 'trillions', 'euros', 'knock', 'Paris', 'Singapore', 'requirements', 'non', 'accounts', 'trades', 'measures', 'ESMA', 'addition', 'periods', 'PRAGMATIC', 'Dec.', 'companies', 'funds', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'proposals', 'access', 'issues', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'governments', 'rules', 'differentiation', 'agriculture', 'social']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,msn.com
13825,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.stock-world.de/nachrichten/dgap/Novolipetsk-Steel-Update-regarding-the-coupon-payment-for-the-Eurobonds-due-2024-n15063750.html,Novolipetsk Steel: Update regarding the coupon payment for the Eurobonds due 2024,Update regarding the coupon payment for the Eurobonds due 2024 . Novolipetsk Steel (“NLMK”) hereby informs the holders of the 4.00 per cent. loan participati,"Press release28 November 2022Update regarding the coupon payment for the Eurobonds due 2024Novolipetsk Steel (“NLMK”) hereby informs the holders of the 4.00 per cent. loan participation notes due 2024 (ISIN: XS1577953174  US85812RAA77) (the “Notes”) that (i) on 21 September 2022 NLMK made the scheduled coupon payment to the holders of the Notes whose rights are recorded by Russian depositories  and (ii) on 26 September 2022 (having received the required authorization from the Ministry of Finance of Russia) NLMK transferred the amount equivalent to the balance of the coupon payment to the account of the Issuer of the Notes (Steel Funding D.A.C.) with the Principal Paying Agent (Deutsche Bank AG  London Branch)  which was supposed to be on-transferred by the Principal Paying Agent to the international clearing systems for distribution to the holders of the Notes via these systems.The payment made by NLMK on 26 September 2022 to the Issuer was successfully received by the Issuer on its account with the Principal Paying Agent  however  NLMK has been informed by the Principal Paying Agent that such payment was not remitted by the Principal Paying Agent to the international clearing systems.NLMK is not aware of any prohibitions on the distribution of the September coupon payment under the Notes to the noteholders whose rights are recorded outside of Russia. It has taken all possible steps to enable such distribution in accordance with recent resolutions of the noteholders  including the engagement in active communications with the Principal Paying Agent and the provision of all information that could be helpful in connection with the distribution.Considering that NLMK has no leverage over the Principal Paying Agent  international clearing and banking systems  we highly encourage those holders of the Notes who have not received the above coupon payment to address queries and requests to the Principal Paying Agent and respective international clearing systems  either directly or through their depositories or brokers.About NLMK GroupNLMK Group is the largest steelmaker in Russia and one of the most efficient in the world.NLMK Group’s steel products are used in various industries  from construction and machine building to the manufacturing of power-generation equipment and offshore wind turbines.NLMK operates production facilities in Russia  Europe  and the United States. The Company’s steel production capacity exceeds 18 million tonnes per year.NLMK’s ordinary shares with a 20.7% free-float are traded on the Moscow Stock Exchange (ticker ""NLMK"") and its global depositary shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange (ticker ""NLMK:LI""). The share capital of the Company is divided into 5 993 227 240 shares with a par value of RUB1.For more information about NLMK Group  please visit our website.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.16,0.36,True,English,"['Novolipetsk Steel', 'coupon payment', 'Update', 'Eurobonds', 'Steel Funding D.A.C.', 'respective international clearing systems', 'Principal Paying Agent', 'Deutsche Bank AG', 'offshore wind turbines', 'Moscow Stock Exchange', 'steel production capacity', 'London Stock Exchange', 'global depositary shares', 'scheduled coupon payment', 'loan participation notes', 'September coupon payment', 'Novolipetsk Steel', 'steel products', 'banking systems', 'London Branch', 'production facilities', 'Press release', '4.00 per cent', 'required authorization', 'possible steps', 'recent resolutions', 'active communications', 'largest steelmaker', 'various industries', 'machine building', 'power-generation equipment', 'United States', '18 million tonnes', 'ordinary shares', 'share capital', 'par value', 'Russian depositories', 'The Company', 'NLMK Group', '5,993,227,240 shares', '21 September', '26 September', 'November', 'Update', 'Eurobonds', 'holders', 'ISIN', 'rights', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'amount', 'balance', 'account', 'Issuer', 'distribution', 'prohibitions', 'accordance', 'engagement', 'provision', 'information', 'connection', 'leverage', 'queries', 'requests', 'brokers', 'world', 'construction', 'manufacturing', 'Europe', 'year', '20.7% free-float', 'RUB', 'website']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,stock-world.de
13826,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.news.yahoo.com/encavis-ag-acquires-wind-farm-060604922.html,ENCAVIS AG acquires a wind farm (69 MW) in Lithuania for the first time,Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a wind farm (69 MW) in Lithuania for the first time 28.11.2022 / 07:06 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate News ENCAVIS acquires a wind farm (69 MW) in Lithuania for the first timeHamburg ,"EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG / Key word(s): Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a wind farm (69 MW) in Lithuania for the first timeThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsENCAVIS acquires a wind farm (69 MW) in Lithuania for the first timeHamburg  28th November  2022 – The Hamburg-based wind and solar park operator Encavis AG  which is listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; stock exchange symbol: ECV)  has agreed to acquire an onshore wind farm in Lithuania that is already connected to the grid and has a nominal output of 69 3 megawatts (MW). The project was developed by E energija Group and GE Energy Financial Services as co-sponsors of the wind farm. The closing of the acquisition is expected by the end of this year. Encavis AG is thus expanding its portfolio to more than 2.1 gigawatts of generation capacity. ""This acquisition not only serves us as an entry into the Lithuanian market  but also offers us the opportunity  together with E energija  to realise further large-scale projects in the Baltic countries in the long term""  welcomes Mario Schirru  Chief Investment Officer/Chief Operating Officer (CIO/COO) of Encavis AG  the expansion of the country portfolio to a total of 12 countries. The wind farm  located in the Telšiai region of North-Western Lithuania  consists of 13 GE Renewable Energy's 5.3 megawatts (MW) new generation Cypress wind turbines. The generated electricity will be sold under a long-term power purchase agreement (PPA) based on a pay-as-produced structure until December 31  2031  to the state-owned utility Eesti Energia AS from Estonia  that has an investment grade rating. The wind farm benefits from a long-term service agreement with General Electric Lithuania. E energija will act as technical and commercial asset manager. About ENCAVIS:Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates (onshore) wind farms and solar parks in twelve European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group's total generation capacity currently adds up to more than 3.4 gigawatts (GW)  which corresponds to a total saving of more than 1.4 million tonnes of CO 2 per year. Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors. Encavis is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG's environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world's leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with an ""A"" level and ISS ESG with their ""Prime"" label. Additional information can be found on www.encavis.com Contact:ENCAVIS AGJörg PetersHead of Corporate Communications & IRTel.: + 49 40 37 85 62 242E-Mail: joerg.peters@encavis.com28.11.2022 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ENCAVIS AG', 'wind farm', 'first time', '69 MW', 'Lithuania', '5.3 megawatts (MW) new generation Cypress wind turbines', 'leading independent power producers', 'long-term power purchase agreements', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'GE Energy Financial Services', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'Encavis Asset Management AG', 'investment grade rating', 'commercial asset manager', '13 GE Renewable Energy', 'sustainable energy production', 'long-term service agreement', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Eesti Energia AS', 'UN Global Compact', 'UN PRI network', 'MSCI ESG Ratings', 'solar park operator', 'stock exchange symbol', 'total generation capacity', 'EQS Group AG', 'The Encavis Group', 'Telšiai region', 'twelve European countries', 'Jörg Peters', 'onshore wind farm', 'General Electric Lithuania', 'corporate ESG performance', 'E energija Group', 'fund services', 'EQS News', 'Hamburg-based wind', 'wind farms', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'ticker symbol', 'Renewable Energies', 'solar parks', 'governance performance', 'Corporate News', 'Corporate Communications', 'first time', '28th November', 'Prime Standard', 'nominal output', '69,3 megawatts', 'Lithuanian market', 'large-scale projects', 'Baltic countries', 'long term', 'Mario Schirru', 'produced structure', 'state-owned utility', 'stable yields', 'total saving', '1.4 million tonnes', 'institutional investors', 'environmental, social', 'A"" level', 'Prime"" label', 'Additional information', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'North-Western Lithuania', 'country portfolio', '69 MW', '12 countries', 'Tel.', 'EQS-News', 'Acquisition', 'issuer', 'content', 'MDAX', 'ISIN', 'ECV', 'grid', 'sponsors', 'closing', 'year', '2.1 gigawatts', 'entry', 'opportunity', 'CIO/COO', 'expansion', 'electricity', 'PPA', 'December', 'Estonia', 'technical', 'IPP', 'plants', 'feed', 'tariffs', 'FIT', '3.4 gigawatts', 'GW', 'signatory', 'world', 'Contact', 'Head', 'joerg', 'Archive']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,uk.news.yahoo.com
13827,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"The best thing about a birthday are the congratulators. ""Vor 25 Jahren – Deutsche Börse führt Computerhandelssystem… https://t.co/NLrVgSxkIW",nan,"The best thing about a birthday are the congratulators. ""Vor 25 Jahren – Deutsche Börse führt Computerhandelssystem… https://t.co/NLrVgSxkIW",positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'best thing', 'birthday', 'congratulators', '25 Jahren', 'Computerhandelssystem', 'NLrVgSxkIW', 'Deutsche Börse', 'best thing', 'birthday', 'congratulators', '25 Jahren', 'Computerhandelssystem', 'NLrVgSxkIW']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/tale-two-stock-markets-how-london-still-trumps-paris-investors-2022-11-28/,A tale of two stock markets: how London still trumps Paris for investors - Reuters,Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange is now worth more than London's. But although size matters  there are other indicators highlighting the UK capital's popularity with investors.,"LONDON  Nov 28 (Reuters) - Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange is now worth more than London's. But although size matters  there are other indicators highlighting the UK capital's popularity with investors.While the UK has seen a larger exodus from equity funds since 2020 than Paris  companies have raised more money in initial public offerings (IPOs) in London and more shares change hands in British markets every day.France's CAC All Shares index (.PAX) is now worth almost $3 trillion  making it Europe's largest stock market by value thanks to demand for its luxury-retailer blue chips. (.FRCG)London's FTSE All-Share index (.FTAS)  meanwhile  is worth $2.8 trillion  according to Refinitiv data.Reuters GraphicsFUND FLOWSSo far in 2022  funds investing in UK stocks have seen record outflows of 23 billion euros  according to Refinitiv Lipper  up from almost 18 billion euros last year and the 14.6 billion euros shed in 2016  when Britain voted to leave the European Union.Annual outflows from French equity funds are much smaller - at 2 billion euros this year.Reuters Graphics Reuters GraphicsIPO DESTINATIONBut London remains a much larger destination in terms of number and volume of initial public offerings  even with IPO volumes down 80% in Europe this year from last and more than 90% in the United States  according to Dealogic.After recording in 2021 its second strongest year for company listings since 2007  the London Stock Exchange has seen 41 debuts with a total deal value of 1.18 billion euros ($1.22 billion) so far in 2022  more than double the 474 million euros raised in 11 IPOs in Paris  according to Dealogic.Amsterdam - Europe's largest centre by average daily value traded according to CBOE data - has only seen two IPOs so far this year totalling 411 million euros  according to Euronext.Reuters GraphicsFREE FLOATIn a volatile stock-market environment  Paris can count on large privately held stakes in its companies to offer some stability.The average free-float of French large caps is around 70% and for smaller companies around 50%  according to Euronext  well below London where the average free float of the FTSE All-Share Index is almost 90% of total outstanding shares  according to Refinitiv.""For an institutional investor from an investability standpoint  the amount of free float that is still out there  the UK is still significantly bigger "" said Ben Laidler  global macro strategist at eToro.Indeed  Paris' three biggest shareholders are private investors: the Arnault family  who own half of LVMH - Europe's largest company by market capitalisation - the Hermes family and the French government. In comparison  the world's largest asset manager Blackrock leads the way in London.In terms of market activity  Amsterdam's average daily value traded was more than 10 billion euros in October  with London a close second at 9.4 billion - about the same as Paris and Frankfurt combined  according to the data from CBOE Global Markets.Reuters GraphicsBREXIT DISCOUNTUndermining London is the discount at which the FTSE All-Share index trades relative to world stocks (.MIWO00000PUS)  which since the Brexit referendum in 2016 has grown to near its largest since 1990  at 35% on a price-to-earnings metric.Reuters GraphicsDIVIDENDS AND PRICE RETURNSEnergy-heavy London wins big when it comes to dividends. In the third quarter  UK companies paid out $28.7 billion  more than seven times the total paid in France  according to Janus Henderson Investors' Global Dividend Index.London's FTSE All-Share has also delivered better returns to investors this year. Total annualised returns for the index are 2%  compared with returns of almost minus 6% for the CAC All Shares  according to Refinitiv data.FX MATTERSIt's also worth noting that currency comes into play when measuring the size of London's market against Paris' in dollar terms. Sterling has fallen around 11% against the U.S. dollar this year  while the euro has lost around 9%.($1 = 0.9658 euros)Reporting by Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel Indyk in London  additional reporting by Daniel Leussink in Tokyo and Huw Jones in London; Editing by Amanda Cooper and Kirsten DonovanOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.26,0.22,True,English,"['two stock markets', 'tale', 'London', 'Paris', 'investors', 'Reuters', ""Janus Henderson Investors' Global Dividend Index"", 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'large privately held stakes', 'CAC All Shares index', ""Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange"", 'global macro strategist', 'French large caps', 'initial public offerings', 'luxury-retailer blue chips', 'volatile stock-market environment', 'three biggest shareholders', 'CBOE Global Markets', 'FTSE All-Share index', 'second strongest year', 'largest asset manager', 'U.S. dollar', 'average daily value', 'total outstanding shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total deal value', 'largest stock market', 'average free float', 'Total annualised returns', 'French equity funds', 'average free-float', 'French government', 'British markets', 'largest centre', 'private investors', 'largest company', 'close second', 'Reuters Graphics', 'CBOE data', 'other indicators', 'larger exodus', 'FUND FLOWS', 'record outflows', 'European Union', 'Annual outflows', 'IPO DESTINATION', 'larger destination', 'IPO volumes', 'United States', 'company listings', 'institutional investor', 'investability standpoint', 'Ben Laidler', 'Arnault family', 'market capitalisation', 'Hermes family', 'market activity', 'Brexit referendum', 'earnings metric', 'third quarter', 'FX MATTERS', 'Joice Alves', 'Vincent Flasseur', 'Samuel Indyk', 'additional reporting', 'Daniel Leussink', 'Huw Jones', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Kirsten Donovan', '23 billion euros', '18 billion euros', '14.6 billion euros', '2 billion euros', '10 billion euros', 'dollar terms', 'Refinitiv Lipper', 'UK capital', 'UK stocks', 'Refinitiv data', 'smaller companies', 'BREXIT DISCOUNT', 'world stocks', '474 million euros', 'two IPOs', 'PRICE RETURNS', 'Energy-heavy London', 'UK companies', '0.9658 euros', '11 IPOs', 'size', 'popularity', 'money', 'hands', 'France', 'PAX', 'demand', 'FRCG', 'FTAS', 'Britain', 'number', 'last', 'Dealogic', '41 debuts', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'amount', 'eToro', 'half', 'LVMH', 'comparison', 'Blackrock', 'way', 'October', 'Frankfurt', 'DIVIDENDS', 'seven', 'minus', 'currency', 'play', 'Sterling', 'Tokyo', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,reuters.com
13829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsos-sells-retail-performance-solution-164500385.html,Ipsos sells Retail Performance solution to RetailNext,Paris  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based...,IPSOSParis  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based specialist in retail services.With this agreement  Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees in the United Kingdom and the Philippines will integrate RetailNext.Ipsos will also take a minority share in RetailNext  establishing a partnership to co-develop solutions in the global retail and consumer trends space. Ipsos’ clients will continue to access customer counting and footfall data through this partnership.“The sale of Retail Performance reflects our focus on our core research services  as announced in the 2022-2025 Growth plan”  said Ben Page  Global CEO of Ipsos.“Retail Performance is a leader in the footfall-tracking space  and we’re thrilled to be welcoming them into the family as we expand our mission in the UK and beyond”  said Alexei Agratchev  Co-Founder & CEO of RetailNext.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 indexes and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP wwwAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Retail Performance solution', 'Ipsos', 'RetailNext', '2022-2025 Growth plan', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees', 'consumer trends space', 'core research services', 'retail services', 'footfall-tracking space', 'global retail', 'footfall solution', 'US-based specialist', 'United Kingdom', 'minority share', 'customer counting', 'footfall data', 'Ben Page', 'Alexei Agratchev', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indexes', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'Global CEO', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos’ clients', '5,000 clients', 'sale', 'people-counting', 'RetailNext', 'agreement', 'Philippines', 'partnership', 'focus', 'leader', 'family', 'mission', 'UK', 'Co-Founder', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/iba-regulated-information-164500049.html,IBA - Regulated Information,IBA SA - Regulated information November 28th 5:45 pm Publication made under article 15 of the law of May 2  2007 relating to the disclosure of major holdings...,"IBA SAIBA SA - Regulated informationNovember 28th 5:45 pmPublication made under article 15 of the law of May 2  2007 relating to the disclosure of major holdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and containing various provisions (Belgian Gazette 12.VI.2007 ) (hereinafter  the “Law”)Under this provision:""[...] the issuer publishes the total capital  the total number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights  as well as  by category  the number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights vote  at the latest at the end of each calendar month in which an increase or a decrease in these numbers occurred.On each publication referred to in the first paragraph  the issuer also mentions  if applicable  the total number of bonds convertible into securities conferring the right to vote and rights materialized or not by securities to the subscription of securities conferring the right to vote not yet issued  the total number of voting rights that would result from the exercise of these conversion or subscription rights and the total number of shares without voting rights. ""The following information are current as of November 09th  2022Nature of information Remark Amount of capital (EUR) 42.502.318 54 Securities with voting rights =(A) 30.282.218 This is the basis for calculating the 30% threshold provided in article 5 of the takeover law of April 1  2007 (Belgian Gazette 26.IV.2007) Shares with voting rights 30.282.218 Shares with loyalty voting right (section 28 of the articles of association) =(B) 8.120.827 Existing voting rights =[A-B+(B*2)] 38.403.045 This is the denominator under which must be calculated the quota of voting rights that can give rise to notification in accordance with article 6 of the Law Bonds convertible into shares (CB) 0 Voting rights that would result of CB conversion 0 Subscription rights (warrants) issued and exercisable 20.000 Voting rights that would result of warrant conversion 20.000 Statutory and legal thresholds (section 35 of the articles of association) 1%  2%  3%  4%  5%  7.5%  10%  15%  etc. par tranche de 5% These are the thresholds under which the crossing  whether upward or downward (including passive crossing)  gives rise to notification in accordance with section 6 or 18  §2  of the Law.Contact person for threshold crossing notifications: shareholderrelations@iba-group.com.Story continuesShares endowed with the right to vote in loyalty: registered shares recorded in the share register for at least two consecutive years in the name of their holder (section 28 of the articles of association  in accordance with section 7:53 of the Companies and Associations Code).Following the introduction of the loyalty voting right by decision of the general meeting of March 10  2020  the calculation method used by IBA to determine the number of shares with the loyalty voting right at any time is the LIFO method (last in  first out)  namely: for the same registered shareholder  the shares which the latter most recently acquired are the first shares which will be deducted from his “basket” of registered shares if he transfer shares thereafter.Statutory ceiling (section 7  paragraph 1  of the articles of association: “No shareholder may  with companies and persons related to him  participate in the voting at general meetings for a number of votes exceeding 35% of the votes attached to all of the shares with voting rights issued by the company”): currently 35% of 38.339.545  i.e. 13.418.840 8 votes.ISIN Code : Euronext Brussels BE0003766806About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBAMarie SiraultParalegal+32 491252480marie.sirault@iba-group.com______________________Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.56,0.34,0.1,True,English,"['Regulated Information', 'IBA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'two consecutive years', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'information Remark Amount', 'same registered shareholder', 'threshold crossing notifications', 'loyalty voting right', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'voting rights', 'Regulated information', 'major holdings', 'regulated market', 'various provisions', 'Belgian Gazette', 'calendar month', 'following information', 'par tranche', 'passive crossing', 'Contact person', 'share register', 'Associations Code', 'general meeting', 'calculation method', 'LIFO method', 'ISIN Code', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'registered shares', 'subscription rights', 'total number', 'total capital', 'first paragraph', 'legal thresholds', 'Statutory ceiling', 'Euronext Brussels', 'takeover law', 'IBA SA', 'first shares', 'Marie Sirault', 'Law Bonds', 'CB conversion', '30% threshold', 'Publication', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'securities', 'vote', 'category', 'increase', 'decrease', 'numbers', 'exercise', 'November', 'Nature', 'basis', 'April', 'section', 'articles', 'denominator', 'quota', 'rise', 'accordance', 'warrants', 'group', 'Story', 'name', 'Companies', 'introduction', 'decision', 'March', 'time', 'basket', 'persons', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '1,800 people', 'social', 'BB', 'Attachment', '38.']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/board-directors-pharnext-acknowledges-resignation-080000529.html,The Board of Directors of Pharnext Acknowledges the Resignation of Dr. David Horn SOLOMON from his Duties as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company,"Pharnext SA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for...","PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / November 28  2022 / Pharnext SA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces the resignation of Dr. David Horn SOLOMON from his duties as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company.At the Board of Directors meeting held on November 27th  2022  Dr. David Horn SOLOMON presented his resignation  with immediate effect  from his duties as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Pharnext SA. The Board expressed its thanks to Dr. David Horn SOLOMON for his contributions.Effective November 27th  2022  Joshua SCHAFER will serve as interim CEO while retaining his role as Chairman of the Board  ensuring the continuity of the development of the Company and PXT3003  which is currently undergoing a pivotal Phase III clinical trial in patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A  the PREMIER study  and whose results are expected by the end of 2023.Following the advice of its Compensation and Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors has chosen Dr. Jim KUO  currently Observer of the Company  to immediately succeed Dr. David Horn SOLOMON as Director.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases that currently lack curative and/or disease-modifying treatments. Pharnext has two lead products in clinical development. PXT3003 completed an international Phase III trial with positive topline results for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (‘CMT1A') and benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003 in CMT1A  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing. PXT864 has generated encouraging Phase II results in Alzheimer's disease and will be advanced through partnerships. Both of Pharnext's lead assets originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Story continuesPharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400BV89).Contactscontact@pharnext.com+33 (0)1 41 09 22 30Media Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.comFinancial Communication (Europe)ActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 (0)6 21 10 49 24Media Relations (France)Ulysse CommunicationBruno Arabianbarabian@ulysse-communication.com+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26+33 (0)1 81 70 96 30SOURCE: PharnextView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/728953/The-Board-of-Directors-of-Pharnext-Acknowledges-the-Resignation-of-Dr-David-Horn-SOLOMON-from-his-Duties-as-Chief-Executive-Officer-and-Director-of-the-Company",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.14,0.07,True,English,"['Dr. David Horn SOLOMON', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Pharnext', 'Resignation', 'Duties', 'Company', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'international Phase III trial', 'high unmet medical need', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'Dr. David Horn SOLOMON', 'encouraging Phase II results', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Dr. Jim KUO', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'orphan drug status', 'other risk factors', 'positive topline results', 'two lead products', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'PREMIER trial', 'PREMIER study', 'clinical development', 'lead assets', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'immediate effect', 'Joshua SCHAFER', 'interim CEO', 'Nomination Committee', 'disease-modifying treatments', 'United States', 'More information', 'ISIN code', 'Media Relations', 'Mary-Jane Elliott', 'Sukaina Virji', 'Alexandra Harrison', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Bruno Arabian', 'financial reports', 'Ulysse Communication', 'source version', 'Financial Communication', 'Directors meeting', 'The Board', 'Pharnext SA', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'FR001400BV89', 'ALPHA', 'resignation', 'duties', 'thanks', 'contributions', 'role', 'Chairman', 'continuity', 'PXT300', 'patients', 'end', 'advice', 'Compensation', 'Observer', 'curative', 'CMT1A', 'benefits', 'Europe', 'PXT864', 'Alzheimer', 'partnerships', 'attention', 'investors', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'barabian', 'Dr-David-Horn-SOLOMON', 'Chief-Executive-Officer', '1 81']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-nacon-2022-23-170100537.html,PRESS RELEASE: NACON: 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS,Press release Lesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP 77.5 M€ SALES (+6.2%)11.1 M€ CURRENT OPERATING PROFIT (+31.4%)8.4 M€ NET...,NACONPress releaseLesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP77.5 M€ SALES (+6.2%)11.1 M€ CURRENT OPERATING PROFIT (+31.4%)8.4 M€ NET RESULT (+123.5%)2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS EXPECTED TO GROWTHRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY IN HY2 2022-23NACON (ISIN FR0013482791) today releases its audited consolidated results for 1st Half Year 2022-23 (from April 1  2022 to September 30  2022) as approved by its Board of directors on 28 November 2022.Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 77.5 73.0 +6.2% Gross margin (1)In % of SalesEBITDA (2)In % of Sales47.661.4%25.633.1%38.052.1%21.429.3% +25.1%+19.8% Current operating incomeEBITAIn % of SalesNon recurrent items11.114. 3%(1.3) 8.411.6%(4.0)+31.4%Operating incomeIn % of Sales9.812.7% 4.56.1% +119.2% Financial result 1.3 0.0Earnings before taxIn % of Sales11.114.3% 4.56.2% +145.2% Tax (2.6) (0.7) Net result for the periodIn % of Sales 8.410.9% 3.85.2% +123.5%Business and earnings growth driven by the Games businessIn the first half of 2022-23  Nacon posted revenues of 77.5 M€  up 6.2%  reflecting the growth of its games business. Over the period  this business generated revenues of 47.0 M€ (+72.3%). With the launch in HY1 of several iconic games such as Vampire: The Masquerade®- Swansong  SteelrisingTM and Session Skate SimTM  current catalogue sales more than doubled to 25.4 M€. Back catalogue sales (games released in previous years) also increased by 33.3% to 21.6 M€.Over the first half of the year  Accessories sales amounted to 28.5 M€  down 34.7%. This activity remains marked by a very high base effect  particularly in the USA  and by a sharp decline in the global market for headsets.Gross margin was 47.6 M€  or 61.4% of sales (52.1% in previous year). The product mix  with a lower relative weighting of Accessories (37% of total sales versus 60% in previous year) explains this increase in the gross margin rate.Story continuesCurrent operating income for the first half of the year rose by 31.4% to 11.1 M€  or 14.3% of sales. Net income amounted to 8.4 M€ (10.9% of sales in HY1 2022-23)  more than double the net income generated last year (3.8 M€ in HY1 2021-22).Strong financial structure and continued investment for growthAs of September 30  2022  shareholders' equity amounted to 241.5 M€  up 13.1 M€ compared to the end of March 2022. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to 38.1 M€ compared to 82.1 M€ at the end of March 2022  in line with the Group's determination to reinvest its cash flows in the development of its activities.To date  50 games are under development  representing CAPEX of more than 30 M€ over the first half of 2022-23. In addition  investments related to external growth transactions (acquisition of Daedalic in April 2022) amount to 34.1 M€ over the same period.Cash-flow for the first half of the year amounted to 27.5 M€  up 31% compared with the first half of 2021-22.With the acquisition of Daedalic and the increase in inventories due to the electronical components crisis  net debt stood at 63.6 M€ at September 30  2022  compared to 10.4 M€ at March 31 2022.Confidence reaffirmed in medium-term prospectsSustained publishing activity in the second half of 2022-23Released on November 3  WRC Generations recorded a slight increase in sales over the first three weeks compared with WRC10  which was released in the previous fiscal year.Many games in the catalogue  some of which were initially scheduled for release in the third quarter  will finally be released in the fourth quarter:Blood Bowl®3  a game similar to American soccer  set in a fantasy world  a new installment in the successful Blood Bowl franchise.Chef Life  in partnership with the Michelin Guide.Clash  in the very dynamic fighting game segment.Transport Fever 2 Console Edition  on PlayStation®4  PlayStation®5  Xbox®One and Xbox®Series.NACON now anticipates sales and current operating income for 2022-23 to be slightly up on the previous fiscal year with the delayed release of several major games  a decline in the Accessories business and tensions in the supply of new consoles.Strong growth expected in 2023-24  driven by current investmentsIn FY 2023-24  NACON will continue to pursue a sustained and varied publishing activity. The 2022-23 releases will feed the 2023-24 back catalogue and will mechanically accelerate growth.The highly anticipated release of The Lord of the Rings GollumTM  an emblematic character from the world of J.R.R. Tolkien from the novel The Lord of the Rings  is now scheduled for HY1 2023-24.Next event:Q2 2022-2023 sales  23 January 2023 Press release after close of the Euronext Paris stock exchange2021-22 ANNUAL SALES155.9 M€HEADCOUNTOver 900 employeesINTERNATIONAL23 subsidiaries and a distribution network across 100 countrieshttps://corporate.nacongaming.com/ NACON is a company of the BIGBEN Group founded in 2019 to optimize its know-how through strong synergies in the video game market. By bringing together its 16 development studios  the publishing of AA video games  the design and distribution of premium gaming devices  NACON focuses 30 years of expertise at the service of players. This new unified business unit strengthens NACON's position in the market  enables it to innovate by creating new unique competitive advantages.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment BISIN : FR0013482791 ; Reuters : NACON.PA ; Bloomberg : NACON:FPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01LEXICONBACK CATALOGUE: games released in previous yearsGROSS MARGIN: Sales - Cost of goods sold; other operating revenues posted between Gross Margin and EBITDAEBITDA: Current operating income before depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assetsCOI RATE: Operating income before non-recurring items as a percentage of salesCAPEX: Intangible assets excluding rights of use / rental rights capitalized in accordance with IFRS 16Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.11,0.37,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', '23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'NACON', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'J.R.R. Tolkien', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'The Masquerade®- Swansong', 'dynamic fighting game segment', 'successful Blood Bowl franchise', 'Non recurrent items', 'Session Skate SimTM', 'high base effect', 'lower relative weighting', 'electronical components crisis', '2023-24 back catalogue', 'first three weeks', 'several iconic games', 'Strong financial structure', 'several major games', 'THRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY', 'varied publishing activity', 'Current operating income', '2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS', 'gross margin rate', 'external growth transactions', 'previous fiscal year', '1st Half Year', 'Back catalogue sales', 'current catalogue sales', 'The Lord', 'OPERATING PROFIT', 'Net income', '2022-23 releases', 'previous years', 'HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'consolidated results', 'current investments', 'first half', 'Financial result', 'Strong growth', 'second half', 'global market', 'product mix', 'continued investment', ""shareholders' equity"", 'net debt', 'medium-term prospects', 'WRC Generations', 'Many games', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'American soccer', 'new installment', 'Chef Life', 'Michelin Guide', 'Xbox®One', 'Xbox®Series', 'new consoles', 'emblematic character', 'Next event', 'Over 900 employees', 'distribution network', 'Net result', 'cash equivalents', 'cash flows', 'Games business', 'sharp decline', 'fantasy world', 'Rings GollumTM', 'BIGBEN Group', 'Change Sales', 'total sales', 'Press release', 'same period', 'slight increase', 'Accessories business', 'earnings growth', 'Accessories sales', '50 games', 'NACON', 'Lesquin', '28 November', '18:00hrs', '1 M', '4 M', 'HY2', 'April', 'September', 'Board', 'directors', 'M€', 'IFRS', 'EBITDA', 'EBITA', 'tax', 'revenues', '77.5 M', '47.0 M', 'launch', 'HY1', 'Vampire', 'SteelrisingTM', '21.6 M', 'USA', 'headsets', '47.6 M', 'Story', '241.5 M', 'March', 'determination', 'development', 'activities', 'CAPEX', '30 M', 'addition', 'acquisition', 'Daedalic', 'Cash-flow', '27.5 M', 'inventories', '63.6 M', 'Confidence', 'WRC10', 'partnership', 'Clash', 'PlayStation®', 'tensions', 'supply', 'FY', 'sustained', 'novel', 'Q2', '23 January', 'close', 'HEADCOUNT', 'INTERNATIONAL', '23 subsidiaries', '100 countries', 'company', '28.5']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000197.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 25 November 2022,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  28 November 2022 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 25 November 2022 As part ...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  28 November 2022 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 25 November 2022As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 24 500 shares in the period from 21 November 2022 to 25 November 2022.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 21 November 2022 7 000 38.37 38.16 38.72 268 596.30 Tue 22 November 2022 6 000 38.79 38.22 38.98 232 728.60 Wed 23 November 2022 4 500 39.01 38.78 39.10 175 535.55 Thu 24 November 2022 3 000 39.31 39.18 39.48 117 944.70 Fri 25 November 2022 4 000 39.52 39.34 36.62 158 063.20 TOTAL(period concerned) 24 500 38.89 38.16 39.48 952 868.35 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 811 238 35.04 31.68 39.48 28 429 017.61All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 811 238 of its own shares  or 1.04% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 35.04 euros per share and for a total amount of 28 429 018 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 56.86% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:27 January 2023 Interim financial report (1H)1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202327 October 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '25 November', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Interim financial report', 'Annual press release', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '28 November', 'Update', '25 November', 'part', '20 May', '24,500 shares', 'period', '21 November', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', '23 November', 'start', '10 June', '35.04 euros', '018 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '27 January', '1 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stmicroelectronics-announces-status-common-share-153000428.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022...,STMicroelectronics N.V.STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022AMSTERDAM – November 28  2022 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022 (the “Period”)  of 110 645 ordinary shares (equal to 0.01% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 37.0375 and for an overall price of EUR 4 098 009.96.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 21-Nov-22 22 593 36.9914 835 746.70 XPAR 22-Nov-22 22 610 36.7244 830 338.68 XPAR 23-Nov-22 22 216 36.8883 819 510.47 XPAR 24-Nov-22 21 646 37.3677 808 861.23 XPAR 25-Nov-22 21 580 37.2360 803 552.88 XPAR Total for Period 110 645 37.0375 4 098 009.96Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 6 991 558 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.8% of the Company’s issued share capital.Story continuesIn accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '110,645 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '6,991,558 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Nov', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'accordance', 'bond', '48,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/inventiva-secures-patent-expanding-ip-210000346.html,Inventiva secures a new patent expanding the IP protection of its lead product candidate lanifibranor in the US,New patent granted in the United States by the USPTO covers the use of lanifibranor for the potential treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing ...,INVENTIVANew patent granted in the United States by the USPTO covers the use of lanifibranor for the potential treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stageThis patent strengthens and expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States particularly for use for patients with cirrhotic NASHDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  November 28  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) granted a patent (U.S. Patent No. 11 504 380) that protects the use of lanifibranor for the treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stage. This patent will expire on November 8  2039.This new patent further strengthens Inventiva’s patent portfolio for lanifibranor  the Company’s lead product candidate  in the United States  which already comprised patents protecting the use of lanifibranor to treat several diseases including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and fibrotic diseases. This patent further expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States for use in patients with cirrhotic NASH.Pierre Broqua  Ph.D.  Chief Scientific Officer and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “This new patent is an important milestone in the strategic development of lanifibranor for the treatment of a broad range of fibrotic diseases  particularly NASH. Inventiva is grounded in R&D and we believe this supports the innovative approach that we are pursuing in addressing unmet medical needs and more specifically in developing treatments for patients suffering from pre-cirrhotic and cirrhotic NASH.”Story continuesAbout lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the most-advanced pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre-clinical studies to date. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA).www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of lanifibranor  the benefit of having received the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation for lanifibranor in the treatment of NASH or the impact thereof on Inventiva’s ability to obtain regulatory approval  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “plans”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation and uncertain financial markets. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.29,0.34,True,English,"['lead product candidate lanifibranor', 'new patent', 'IP protection', 'Inventiva', 'US', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'significant unmet medical need', 'three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor', 'The U.S. Food', 'U.S. Patent No', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'balanced pan-PPAR binding profile', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'unmet medical needs', 'favorable tolerability profile', 'intellectual property protection', 'Long Island City', 'nuclear receptor proteins', 'Fast Track designation', 'two preclinical programs', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'lead product candidate', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'three PPAR isoforms', 'oncology development candidate', 'one clinical candidate', 'other PPAR agonists', 'other development opportunities', 'two PPAR isoforms', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'United States Patent', 'pan-PPAR agonist', 'drug candidate', 'balanced activation', 'adult patients', 'clinical trials', 'clinical efforts', 'other diseases', 'nuclear receptors', 'scientific team', 'clinical development', 'The Company', 'New York', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'Trademark Office', 'several diseases', 'fibrotic diseases', 'Pierre Broqua', 'Ph.D.', 'important milestone', 'broad range', 'R&D', 'innovative approach', 'anti-fibrotic, anti-inflammatory', 'beneficial vascular', 'metabolic changes', 'gene expression', 'potent manner', 'pre-clinical studies', 'Drug Administration', 'Breakthrough Therapy', 'strong expertise', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment C', 'New patent', 'patent portfolio', 'public company', 'strategic development', 'development facility', 'partial activation', 'cirrhotic patients', 'cirrhotic NASH', 'potential treatment', 'PPARα', 'PPARδ', 'PPARγ', 'NASH.', 'INVENTIVA', 'USPTO', 'use', 'lanifibranor', 'risk', 'Daix', 'France', 'November', 'patents', 'cofounder', 'treatments', 'Story', 'body', 'advanced', 'moderate', 'FDA', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'NATiV', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'process', '80 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'ISIN']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-164500202.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION 28 November 2022  17:45 CET Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification Capitalised terms not otherwise...,"PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION28 November 2022  17:45 CETExpected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder NotificationCapitalised terms not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.Mechelen  Belgium  28 November 2022 – This announcement constitutes a notice (the “Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification”) in accordance with  respectively  Condition 5(m)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.00% convertible bonds due 2024/2027 (the ""Existing Convertible Bonds"") and Condition 6(b)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds due 2024/2026 (the ""New Convertible Bonds"") (together  the ""Terms and Conditions of the Bonds"") issued by Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART).The Company today announces  that based on the information available to the Company as of the date of this announcement  the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date (as such term is defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) is expected to occur on 2 December 2022 (the “Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date”).If the Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date does not occur on 2 December 2022  or the Company obtains information that the Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date will occur on a later date  the Company will inform the Bondholders thereof by way of press release and a new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification.In accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date will result in a number of consequences for the holders of the Existing Convertible Bonds and/or the New Convertible Bonds  including (but not limited to):the automatic extension of the Final Maturity Dates of such Bonds to 9 November 2026 (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and 9 November 2027 (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds);the start of the Bondholder Conversion Option Period for the New Convertible Bonds; andthe Mandatory Conversion of 10% of the principal amount outstanding under each of the Existing Convertible Bonds and the New Convertible Bonds.Story continuesThe aforementioned Mandatory Conversion will occur 10 Brussels business days after the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Mandatory Conversion Date (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and the Conversion Date (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds) (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) would be Friday  16 December 2022.The Bondholders are reminded that  in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the Bondholders will be required to complete certain formalities in order to obtain delivery of the shares issued pursuant to the aforementioned Mandatory Conversion. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Cut-Off Date for completing such formalities would be Friday  9 December 2022. Failure to comply with the formalities by the applicable deadlines will result in the relevant shares being sold by the Share Settlement Agent and the proceeds (if any  after deducting a.o. the costs of such procedure) being distributed rateably to the relevant Bondholders. In view thereof  the Company encourages the Bondholders that have not yet been in contact with the Company in the context of the Recapitalisation Transactions to contact the Company urgently. Upon occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date  the Company will in its Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification provide further details on the exact formalities the Bondholders will need to comply with.The Terms and Conditions of the Bonds can be consulted  subject to applicable legal restrictions  on https://investors.biocartis.com/en/convertible-bonds .--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State of the European Economic Area  the “Prospectus Regulation”) or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY NEW BONDS  OUTSTANDING BONDS OR OTHER SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE NEW BONDS  NEW TERM LOANS OR THE OUTSTANDING BONDS DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale or purchase or exchange of the Existing Convertible Bonds or the New Convertible Bonds in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available.Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States. This communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds', 'new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date', 'Bondholder Conversion Option Period', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Mandatory Conversion Date', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Final Maturity Dates', 'Share Settlement Agent', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'New Convertible Bonds', 'applicable legal restrictions', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'Existing Convertible Bonds', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'later date', 'Cut-Off Date', '4.00% convertible bonds', 'molecular testing', 'applicable deadlines', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'automatic extension', 'principal amount', 'Brussels business', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'More information', 'relevant shares', 'universal access', 'exact formalities', 'relevant Bondholders', 'Capitalised terms', 'November', 'CET', 'notice', 'meaning', 'Conditions', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'BCART', '2 December', 'way', 'number', 'consequences', 'case', 'start', 'Story', 'Friday', 'order', 'delivery', 'Failure', 'proceeds', 'costs', 'procedure', 'view', 'contact', 'context', 'details', 'investors', 'convertible-bonds', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'lab', 'result', 'system', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colore', '28']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000338.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6666 £ 24.2912 Estimated MTD return -1.59 % -1.49 % Estimated YTD return -5.25 % -4.01 % Estimated ITD return 176.67 % 142.91 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7670 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5702The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,finance.yahoo.com
13838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/aryzta-posts-revenue-growth-despite-significant-inflationary-pressures-42178542.html,Aryzta posts revenue growth despite 'significant inflationary pressures’,Aryzta saw sales rise by 19.8pc in the first quarter of its financial year despite ongoing &ldquo;significant&rdquo; inflationary challenges.,Aryzta saw sales rise by 19.8pc in the first quarter of its financial year despite ongoing “significant” inflationary challenges.The Swiss Irish food group reported revenues of €509.1m in the period  with the company achieving 22pc organic growth.This increase was largely attributed to an 18.1pc increase in pricing to combat inflation.The Zurich-based company recorded “solid” volume growth  up 4.1pc compared to the same period last year.Organic revenue growth in the group’s Europe division was up 22.1pc driven by “very strong price growth” of 19.7pc.European growth was attributed to a double-digit revenue growth of its food service business  particularly in France. Sales also rose across Aryzta’s retail and quick service restaurant divisions.Other markets outside Europe saw revenues rise by over 21pc.The group  which delisted from Euronext Dublin last year  expects to deliver a profit in its 2023 financial year.Aryzta also anticipates a strong performance in the second half of the year  but added it has taken account of risks around inflationary challenges and “the highly uncertain macro-economic environment”.“Bakery  especially bake-off demand remains solid in most of our markets despite the significant inflation driven price increases ” interim chief executive and chair Urs Jordi said.He added that the group is not seeing any reduction in inflationary pressures  with more price increases now expected.“The persistent high level of cost inflation is such that further pricing will have to follow ” he added.,neutral,0.04,0.56,0.4,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.66,True,English,"['significant inflationary pressures', 'revenue growth', 'Aryzta', 'quick service restaurant divisions', 'Swiss Irish food group', 'food service business', 'uncertain macro-economic environment', 'interim chief executive', 'persistent high level', '22pc organic growth', 'solid” volume growth', 'Organic revenue growth', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'strong price growth', 'significant” inflationary challenges', 'The Zurich-based company', 'European growth', 'strong performance', 'price increases', 'inflationary pressures', 'significant inflation', 'first quarter', 'Euronext Dublin', 'second half', 'bake-off demand', 'Urs Jordi', 'financial year', 'cost inflation', 'sales rise', '18.1pc increase', 'same period', 'Europe division', 'Other markets', 'Aryzta', '19.8pc', 'revenues', 'pricing', '19.7pc', 'France', 'retail', '21pc', 'profit', 'account', 'risks', 'Bakery', 'chair', 'reduction']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,independent.ie
13839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563389/0/en/ASM-UPDATES-Q4-GUIDANCE.html,ASM UPDATES Q4 GUIDANCE,Almere  The Netherlands November 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CET                                                          ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of the recently announced US export restriction …,Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of the recently announced US export restriction as well as an update on the guidance for Q4 2022.On October 25  2022  we reported that the export regulations that were issued by the US government on October 7  2022  had an expected negative impact on 40% or more of our sales to China  based on a conservative scenario (and with equipment sales in China accounting for 16% of our total revenue in the first nine months of 2022). Following extensive clarifications and subsequent internal reviews  we now expect that the recently announced US export restrictions will negatively impact our China sales between 15-25%.As a result of somewhat higher sales to China  combined with a slightly higher than expected conversion of backlog into shipments in other regions  we now project Q4 2022 sales of €630-660 million  up from €600-630 million previously expected.On October 25  we also announced that we had reduced our Q3 2022 backlog as a result of the export restrictions which were announced on October 7  2022. We now expect to rebook part of these tool orders in Q4 2022 and in early 2023  depending on the outcome of discussions with customers. In part driven by these rebookings  and also supported by continued healthy demand in the logic/foundry  and power/analog segments  and including LPE  we expect the book-to-bill in Q4 2022 to be a bit above 1.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACT,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.04,0.76,True,English,"['ASM UPDATES', 'Q4 GUIDANCE', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'first nine months', 'subsequent internal reviews', 'US export restriction', 'export restrictions', 'market acceptance', 'US government', 'export regulations', 'expected impact', 'negative impact', 'conservative scenario', 'total revenue', 'extensive clarifications', 'other regions', 'tool orders', 'healthy demand', 'power/analog segments', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'higher sales', 'The Netherlands', 'Q3 2022 backlog', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'equipment sales', 'China sales', 'Q4 2022 sales', 'Almere', 'CET', 'update', 'guidance', 'October', 'conversion', 'shipments', 'part', 'early', 'outcome', 'discussions', 'customers', 'rebookings', 'logic/foundry', 'LPE', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Article', 'CONTACT', '5:45']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563524/0/en/Inventiva-secures-a-new-patent-expanding-the-IP-protection-of-its-lead-product-candidate-lanifibranor-in-the-US.html,Inventiva secures a new patent expanding the IP protection of its lead product candidate lanifibranor in the US,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  November 28  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment…,English FrenchNew patent granted in the United States by the USPTO covers the use of lanifibranor for the potential treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stageThis patent strengthens and expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States particularly for use for patients with cirrhotic NASHDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  November 28  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) granted a patent (U.S. Patent No. 11 504 380) that protects the use of lanifibranor for the treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stage. This patent will expire on November 8  2039.This new patent further strengthens Inventiva’s patent portfolio for lanifibranor  the Company’s lead product candidate  in the United States  which already comprised patents protecting the use of lanifibranor to treat several diseases including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and fibrotic diseases. This patent further expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States for use in patients with cirrhotic NASH.Pierre Broqua  Ph.D.  Chief Scientific Officer and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “This new patent is an important milestone in the strategic development of lanifibranor for the treatment of a broad range of fibrotic diseases  particularly NASH. Inventiva is grounded in R&D and we believe this supports the innovative approach that we are pursuing in addressing unmet medical needs and more specifically in developing treatments for patients suffering from pre-cirrhotic and cirrhotic NASH.”About lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the most-advanced pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre-clinical studies to date. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA).www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of lanifibranor  the benefit of having received the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation for lanifibranor in the treatment of NASH or the impact thereof on Inventiva’s ability to obtain regulatory approval  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “plans”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation and uncertain financial markets. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.3,0.45,True,English,"['lead product candidate lanifibranor', 'new patent', 'IP protection', 'Inventiva', 'US', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'significant unmet medical need', 'three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor', 'The U.S. Food', 'balanced pan-PPAR binding profile', 'U.S. Patent No', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'unmet medical needs', 'favorable tolerability profile', 'intellectual property protection', 'Long Island City', 'nuclear receptor proteins', 'advanced pan-PPAR agonist', 'Fast Track designation', 'two preclinical programs', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'lead product candidate', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'three PPAR isoforms', 'oncology development candidate', 'one clinical candidate', 'other PPAR agonists', 'other development opportunities', 'two PPAR isoforms', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'United States Patent', 'drug candidate', 'balanced activation', 'adult patients', 'clinical trials', 'clinical efforts', 'other diseases', 'nuclear receptors', 'scientific team', 'clinical development', 'The Company', 'English French', 'New York', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'Trademark Office', 'several diseases', 'fibrotic diseases', 'Pierre Broqua', 'Ph.D.', 'important milestone', 'broad range', 'R&D', 'innovative approach', 'anti-fibrotic, anti-inflammatory', 'beneficial vascular', 'metabolic changes', 'gene expression', 'potent manner', 'pre-clinical studies', 'Drug Administration', 'Breakthrough Therapy', 'strong expertise', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment C', 'New patent', 'patent portfolio', 'public company', 'strategic development', 'development facility', 'cirrhotic patients', 'partial activation', 'cirrhotic NASH', 'potential treatment', 'PPARα', 'PPARδ', 'PPARγ', 'NASH.', 'USPTO', 'use', 'lanifibranor', 'risk', 'Daix', 'France', 'November', 'Inventiva', 'patents', 'cofounder', 'treatments', 'pre-cirrhotic', 'body', 'moderate', 'FDA', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'NATiV', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'process', '80 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'ISIN']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/a-tale-of-two-stock-markets-how-london-still-trumps-paris-for-investors-1211808,A tale of two stock markets: how London still trumps Paris for investors,By Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel Indyk,Ipo destinationBut London remains a much larger destination in terms of number and volume of initial public offerings  even with IPO volumes down 80% in Europe this year from last and more than 90% in the United States  according to Dealogic.After recording in 2021 its second strongest year for company listings since 2007  the London Stock Exchange has seen 41 debuts with a total deal value of 1.18 billion euros ($1.22 billion) so far in 2022  more than double the 474 million euros raised in 11 IPOs in Paris  according to Dealogic.Amsterdam – Europe’s largest centre by average daily value traded according to CBOE data – has only seen two IPOs so far this year totalling 411 million euros  according to Euronext.More IPOs in London https://graphics.reuters.com/LONDON-PARISIPO/dwvkdrzbqpm/chart.pngFree floatIn a volatile stock-market environment  Paris can count on large privately held stakes in its companies to offer some stability.The average free-float of French large caps is around 70% and for smaller companies around 50%  according to Euronext  well below London where the average free float of the FTSE All-Share Index is almost 90% of total outstanding shares  according to Refinitiv.“For an institutional investor from an investability standpoint  the amount of free float that is still out there  the UK is still significantly bigger ” said Ben Laidler  global macro strategist at eToro.Indeed  Paris’ three biggest shareholders are private investors: the Arnault family  who own half of LVMH – Europe’s largest company by market capitalisation – the Hermes family and the French government. In comparison  the world’s largest asset manager Blackrock leads the way in London.In terms of market activity  Amsterdam’s average daily value traded was more than 10 billion euros in October  with London a close second at 9.4 billion – about the same as Paris and Frankfurt combined  according to the data from CBOE Global Markets.Luxurious Paris https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/jnpwyejbnpwithchart.pngBrexit discountUndermining London is the discount at which the FTSE All-Share index trades relative to world stocks  which since the Brexit referendum in 2016 has grown to near its largest since 1990  at 35% on a price-to-earnings metric.UK stocks hit record discount to global peers https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/klpygkqbdpg/chart.pngDividends and price returnsEnergy-heavy London wins big when it comes to dividends. In the third quarter  UK companies paid out $28.7 billion  more than seven times the total paid in France  according to Janus Henderson Investors’ Global Dividend Index.London’s FTSE All-Share has also delivered better returns to investors this year. Total annualised returns for the index are 2%  compared with returns of almost minus 6% for the CAC All Shares  according to Refinitiv data.Fx mattersIt’s also worth noting that currency comes into play when measuring the size of London’s market against Paris’ in dollar terms. Sterling has fallen around 11% against the U.S. dollar this year  while the euro has lost around 9%.($1 = 0.9658 euros)(Reporting by Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel Indyk in London  additional reporting by Daniel Leussink in Tokyo and Huw Jones in London; Editing by Amanda Cooper and Kirsten Donovan),neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.02,0.32,True,English,"['two stock markets', 'tale', 'London', 'Paris', 'investors', 'Janus Henderson Investors’ Global Dividend Index', 'large privately held stakes', 'global macro strategist', 'initial public offerings', 'volatile stock-market environment', 'French large caps', 'three biggest shareholders', 'CBOE Global Markets', 'CAC All Shares', 'average daily value', 'FTSE All-Share Index', 'second strongest year', 'total deal value', 'total outstanding shares', 'U.S. dollar', 'largest asset manager', 'average free float', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Total annualised returns', 'global peers', 'private investors', 'average free-float', 'French government', 'close second', 'largest centre', 'largest company', 'CBOE data', 'Ipo destination', 'larger destination', 'IPO volumes', 'United States', 'company listings', 'institutional investor', 'investability standpoint', 'Ben Laidler', 'Arnault family', 'Hermes family', 'Brexit referendum', 'earnings metric', 'third quarter', 'Fx matters', 'Joice Alves', 'Vincent Flasseur', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Daniel Leussink', 'Huw Jones', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'dollar terms', '1.18 billion euros', '10 billion euros', 'smaller companies', 'market capitalisation', 'market activity', 'Brexit discount', 'UK stocks', 'record discount', 'world stocks', 'UK companies', 'two IPOs', '474 million euros', 'price returns', 'Energy-heavy London', 'Luxurious Paris', 'Refinitiv data', '0.9658 euros', '11 IPOs', 'number', 'Europe', 'last', 'Dealogic', '41 debuts', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'reuters', 'LONDON-PARISIPO', 'amount', 'eToro', 'half', 'LVMH', 'comparison', 'Blackrock', 'way', 'October', 'Frankfurt', 'FRANCE-BRITAIN', 'graphics', 'klpygkqbdpg', 'Dividends', 'seven', 'minus', 'currency', 'play', 'size', 'Sterling', 'Reporting', 'Tokyo', 'Editing']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,fxempire.com
13842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4560875-vanadium-miners-news-november-2022,Vanadium Miners News For The Month Of November 2022,Europe vanadium pentoxide spot prices were slightly higher the past 30 days. China and Europe ferrovanadium prices were slightly higher. Read more here.,"jcrosemannNovember saw a slight rise in vanadium prices after three months of stalling prices as China starts to increase stimulus to their property sector. VRFBs continue to gain momentum in China and now look like having a big VRFB project in Australia.Vanadium usesVanadium is traditionally used to harden steel. Chinese rebar standards are requiring more vanadium. Also Vanadium Flow Batteries [VRFBs] are becoming increasingly popular especially for commercial energy storage  most notably in China. Vanadium Pentoxide [V2O5] is used in VRFBs and Ferrovanadium [FeV] is used in the steel industry.Vanadium spot price historyEurope Vanadium Pentoxide [V2O5] Flake 98% 1 year chart - Price = USD 7.70/lb (China price not given)Vanadiumprice.comChina and Europe Ferrovanadium [FeV] 80% prices - China = USD 37.00/kg  Europe = USD 31.75/kgVanadium demand versus supplyAn April 2021 Wood Mackenzie report stated:Global energy storage deployment surged a remarkable 62% in 2020  with 5 GW/9 GWh of new capacity added. This brought the total energy storage market to more than 27 GWh. Furthermore  we expect the global (energy storage) market to grow 27-fold by 2030.Woodmac forecasts high growth ahead for solar  wind and energy storageWoodmacVanadium demand is projected to surge from now to 2025 (source)Vanadium Resources courtesy TTP Squared Inc.Global VRFB forecast growth by region 2022-2031Guidehouse InsightsIn 2017 Robert Friedland stated: ""We think there’s a revolution coming in vanadium redox flow batteries....""Vanadium market newsOn November 2 Rethink Research reported:China wants over 100 GW energy storage by 2025......in September 2021 the National Energy Administration published a plan for 62 GW of pumped hydro to be operational come 2025  double the 2021 figure......As for batteries  EPC contracts rose to 13.82 GW / 27.7 GWh in the first eight months of 2022 – a year-on-year increase of almost 500%......The National Energy Administration’s target for 2025 is only 30 GWh  which it calls “only the basic goal.”......Chinese renewable projects are increasingly required to have co-located battery capacity......Shenzhen city......has just this week brought in a subsidy of $27.5 per MWh for battery projects over 1 MW in size......By no means is this all about lithium-ion......Other more direct competitors to lithium-ion are also on the take-off strip – such as flow battery technologies which can be more affordably scaled to longer durations. Vanadium flow appears to be foremost among these. A recent 5.5 GWh tender assigned 1 GWh to vanadium redox flow......Vanadium also had a 500 MW  2 GWh factory commissioned in Henan province in early October  while Yunnan Province’s Chuxiong Prefecture intends to “build a national all-vanadium flow battery highland” from an announcement a week ago. Already this year vanadium battery projects amounting to 300 MW / 1104 MWh have been commissioned.On November 25 Ferroalloynet reported (paywalled): ""Sichuan: Target to reach 1GW/Year of vanadium battery system integration by 2025.""On November 25 Vanadiumprice reported:Now for our first Vanadium Redox Flow Battery. Australia was the first in the world with a lithium-ion big battery  now North Harbour Clean Energy is promising to build out first big Vanadium Redox Flow Battery. The company  in a joint venture with international battery company CellCube  today announced their first project is to develop the continent’s largest VRFB  which generates 4MW-16MWh......The pair also plan to build an assembly and manufacturing line in Eastern Australia to meet GWh demand for long-duration energy storage in the National Electricity Market.On November 25 Bloomberg reported:China Central Bank boosts stimulus to aid COVID-hit economy. Reserve requirement ratio for banks cut by 25 basis points. PBOC wants to keep liquidity ample  bolster real economy......The PBOC’s move comes after significant government actions recently to help the economy  including a rescue package for the property sector and an adjustment of some COVID curbs to reduce the damage to the economy......The central bank has also cut its key interest rates twice this year  with the most recent move in August.Vanadium miner newsVanadium producersGlencore [LSX:GLEN] [HK:805] (OTC:OTCPK:GLCNF)Glencore is a large vanadium producer  but vanadium production represents only a small portion of their revenue.On October 28  Glencore announced:Third quarter 2022 production report. Glencore Chief Executive Officer  Gary Nagle: ""Operational performance over the third quarter was impacted by a range of events including extreme weather in Australia  industrial action at nickel assets in Canada and Norway (since resolved) and the emergence of significant supply chain issues in Kazakhstan stemming from the Russia/Ukraine war. Full-year 2022 production guidance has  accordingly  been reduced for those affected commodities.""AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV [NA:AMG] [GR:ADG] (OTCPK:AMVMF)AMG Vanadium is a leading provider of products and services for the metals  manufacturing  refinery and petrochemical industries. AMG Vanadium produces ferrovanadium and related ferroalloys from spent refinery catalysts using a proprietary pyrometallurgical process.On November 2  AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV announced: ""Lithium performance drives AMG to all-time record earnings and increased full year guidance."" Highlights include:Vanadium""The new vanadium spent catalyst recycling facility in Zanesville  Ohio  which started operating on October 29  2022  is a clear manifestation of AMG’s industry leadership in the recycling of hazardous refinery waste globally.....we expect the ramp-up to full production to take between three to four months.AMG’s innovative lithium vanadium battery (“LIVA”) for industrial power management applications has successfully started up at our plant in Hauzenberg  Germany......""On November 21  AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV announced:AMG update on energy transformation: LIVA Batteries. AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) announces that its subsidiary  AMG LIVA  has put its first battery Hybrid Energy Storage System (“HESS”) into fully automatic operation mode in Hauzenberg  Germany. The HESS battery system is an ecosystem combining Lithium-Ion and Vanadium Redox Flow batteries with artificial intelligence routines and self-learning algorithms to maximize efficiency  safety and lifetime of the batteries  integrating the HESS with the facility’s power system  renewable energy sources  and the electrical grid.You can view the latest investor presentation here and a recent Trend investing article here.AMG update on expansion plans (source)AMG Q2  2022 results announcementBushveld Minerals Limited [LN- AIM:BMN] (OTC:BSHVF)Bushveld is a diversified AIM-listed resources company with a portfolio of vanadium  tin and coal assets in Southern Africa and Madagascar.No news for the month.You can view the latest investor presentation here.Largo Inc. [TSX:LGO] [GR:LR81] (LGORF)(NASDAQ:LGO)Largo Inc. is a pure-play vanadium pentoxide producer from their Maracás Menchen mine in Brazil as well as a producer of VRFBs.On November 9  Largo Inc. announced: ""Largo reports third quarter 2022 financial results; continues its focus on two-pillar growth strategy."" Highlights include:""Revenues of $54.3 million vs. revenues of $53.9 million in Q3 2021; Revenues per lb sold 1 of $8.80 vs. $9.10 in Q3 2021of $8.80 vs. $9.10 in Q3 2021 Net loss of $2.6 million vs. net income of $9.2 million in Q3 2021; Basic loss per share of $0.04 in Q3 2022; Inclusive of approximately $3.0 million in non-recurring expenditures such as legal and listing costs for Largo Physical Vanadium Corp. (""LPV"") and an increase in legal provisionsCash provided before working capital items of $4.3 million vs. $20.3 million in Q3 2021; Net cash provided by operating activities of $10.0 million vs. $15.5 million in Q3 2021Operating costs of $45.6 million vs. $32.1 million in Q3 2021 and cash operating costs excluding royalties per pound 1 of V 2 O 5 equivalent sold of $4.86 in Q3 2022 vs. $3.53 in Q3 2021of V O equivalent sold of $4.86 in Q3 2022 vs. $3.53 in Q3 2021 Cash balance of $62.7 million and a net working capital 2 surplus of $114.1 million exiting Q3 2022surplus of $114.1 million exiting Q3 2022 V 2 O 5 equivalent sales of 2 796 tonnes (inclusive of 351 tonnes of purchased material) vs. 2 685 tonnes (inclusive of 136 tonnes of purchased material) sold in Q3 2021O equivalent sales of 2 796 tonnes (inclusive of 351 tonnes of purchased material) vs. 2 685 tonnes (inclusive of 136 tonnes of purchased material) sold in Q3 2021 Production of 2 906 tonnes (6.4 million lbs 3 ) of V 2 O 5 vs. 3 260 tonnes in Q3 2021) of V O vs. 3 260 tonnes in Q3 2021 Progress continued on the implementation of the Company’s ilmenite concentration plant at the Maracás Menchen Mine  including receiving all required metallic flotation structures and building of desliming  flotation  filtration  warehouse and pipe rack structures; Expects commissioning to be completed in Q2 2023Largo Clean Energy (“LCE”) signed a non-binding MOU with Ansaldo Green Tech in August 2022 to negotiate the formation of a joint venture for the manufacturing and commercial deployment of vanadium redox flow batteries (“VRFB”) in the European  African and Middle East power generation markets.""Vanadium Market Update4""The Company maintained a strong focus on developing new markets for its high purity products and concluded its first sale of vanadium trioxide (“V 2 0 3 ”) in Europe in Q3 2022.0 ”) in Europe in Q3 2022. High purity vanadium demand has increased following ongoing recovery from 2020 COVID-19 impacts  which was partially offset by a softening of steel demand in Q3 2022.....""You can view the latest investor presentation here.Energy Fuels Inc. [TSX:EFR] (UUUU)Energy Fuels state they are ""the No. 1 uranium producer in the U.S. with a market-leading portfolio "" as well as being a small vanadium producer.On November 8  Energy Fuels Inc. announced: ""Energy Fuels announces Q3-2022 results  including continued robust balance sheet and market-leading U.S. uranium & rare earth positions."" Highlights include:"".....During the first nine months of 2022  the Company sold approximately 642 000 pounds of existing inventory of vanadium (""V 2 O 5 "") (as ferrovanadium  ""FeV"")  for an average weighted net price of $13.69 per pound of V 2 O 5 . Vanadium markets have dropped in recent months. Therefore  the Company has halted sales of its inventory which currently stands at approximately 987 000 pounds of V 2 O 5 . However  the Company expects to resume sales as markets may improve in the future. The Company is evaluating the potential to resume vanadium recovery at the Mill in the future as market conditions may warrant for future sale and to replace sold inventory  where its tailings pond solutions contain an estimated additional 1.0 to 3.0 million recoverable pounds of V 2 O 5 .""On November 14  Energy Fuels Inc. announced:Energy Fuels executes definitive agreement to sell Alta Mesa ISR Project to enCore Energy for $120 million  facilitating the Company's plans to accelerate both uranium and rare earth production.....Ferro-Alloy Resources [LON:FAR]FAR is developing the giant Balasausqandiq vanadium deposit in Kyzylordinskaya Oblast of southern Kazakhstan. FAR state: ""The ore at this site has a significantly higher grade than all other primary vanadium extraction sites  which allows for much lower processing costs.""No significant news for the month.Western Uranium & Vanadium Corp. (OTCQX:WSTRF)Western Uranium & Vanadium Corp. own the Sunday Mine Complex which is an advanced stage mine property consisting of five interconnected underground mines in Colorado  USA.On November 2  Western Uranium & Vanadium Corp. announced:Western Uranium & Vanadium provides companyupdates..... Mining Operations – Sunday Mine Complex......Mining operations are targeted to restart in January 2023.Investors can read the latest company presentation here.Vanadium developersNeometals [ASX:NMT] (OTCPK:RDRUY) (OTCPK:RRSSF)Neometals 100% own the Barrambie Titanium Vanadium Iron Project in Western Australia. Barrambie's Eastern Band is one of the highest grade hard rock titanium deposits globally.On October 31  Neometals announced: ""Quarterly activities report for the quarter ended 30 September 2022."" Highlights include:Corporate""Cash balance A$50.8 million  receivables and investments of A$29.8 million and no debt.Neometals included in ASX 300  first recycling revenues booked by Primobius and 3rd annual Sustainability Report completed. ""Core Battery Materials Business UnitsVanadium Recovery Project (“VRP”) (earning into 50:50 JV with Critical Metals Ltd)""AACE®1 Class 3 Engineering and Cost Study confirms potential for lowest quartile operating costs.Feasibility study  including above cost estimates  is being advanced in parallel with negotiations for additional slag feedstock from Swedish Steel AB  by-product offtake with Betolar plc  product offtake and financing.Finnish environmental permit was granted post quarter end.""Upstream – Mineral ExtractionBarrambie Titanium and Vanadium Project (“Barrambie”) (100% NMT)""Commercial smelting trials on mixed gravity concentrates successfully completed in China with leading chloride-grade titanium slag producer Jiuxing. Test work results expected for release in Nov 22.Pre-feasibility study advanced with completion on track for Dec 2022. Study will allow the evaluation of the production of direct shipping ore  mixed gravity concentrates and separate ilmenite and iron/vanadium concentrates for export from Geraldton.""On November 3  Neometals announced: ""Successful commercial-scale smelting trials for Barrambie.""On November 17  Neometals announced: ""Robust outcomes from Barrambie Titanium Project PFS."" Highlights include:"" Neometals completes Class 4 Pre-Feasibility Study (“PFS”) for production of titanium (ilmenite) and iron-vanadium concentrate from titanium-rich Eastern bands at Barrambie.Average free cash (before tax  depreciation and amortisation) of AUD $136M p.a. over the first 10 years.Probable Ore Reserve of 44.5 Mt at 18.7% TiO2  44.1 % Fe2O3 and 0.61% V2O5.PFS assumes a simple mine  crush  mill and beneficiate operation to produce mixed gravity concentrate at Barrambie  followed by additional processing at a site with lower cost natural gas supply east of Geraldton.The PFS confirms ‘value-in-use’ for Barrambie’s product basket and supports dialogue with potential offtake partner Jiuxing. ""You can view the latest investor presentation here.Australian Vanadium [ASX:AVL] [GR:JT71] (OTCQB:ATVVF)Australian Vanadium is an emerging vanadium producer focused on their Australian Vanadium Project in Western Australia. VSUN Energy was launched by AVL in 2016 to target the energy storage market for vanadium redox flow batteries [VRFBs].On November 21  Australian Vanadium announced: ""AVL receives $618 904 R&D refund for 2021/21 tax year.""Catalysts include:Early 2023 - Updated Mineral Resource Estimate due.2023 - Possible further off-take and/or JV partner announcements.You can view the latest investor presentation here  or read a Trend Investing CEO interview here.Technology Metals Australia [ASX:TMT]The Company's primary exploration focus is on the 100% owned Gabanintha Vanadium Project located 40km south east of Meekatharra in the mid-west region of Western Australia. Technology Metals Australia is studying (""Integration Study"") to combine the high grade  high quality Yarrabubba deposit with the Gabanintha Vanadium Deposit to form the Murchison Technology Metals Project (MTMP).On November 7  Technology Metals Australia announced: ""MTMP Global mineral resource upgrade. Delivers 26% increase to measured and indicated resource."" Highlights include:""MTMP Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource Estimate grows to 63.2Mt at 0.9% V2O5 within Global Mineral Resource Estimate of 153.7Mt at 0.8% V2O5.Maiden Yarrabubba Measured Mineral Resource Estimate of 5.9Mt at 1.0% V2O5 and 11.2% TiO2.Global Measured Mineral Resource Estimate grows 10 fold to 12.1Mt at 1.0% V2O5 – expected to support significant growth in Proven Ore Reserve.Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource Estimate for the MTMP excludes oxide mineralisation.Upgrade of Global Mineral Resource Estimate to underpin an updated MTMP Proven and Probable Ore Reserve estimate for inclusion in the Bankable Financial Model.""You can view the latest investor presentation here.TNG Ltd [ASX:TNG] [GR:HJI] (OTCPK:TNGZF)TNG is an Australian resources company focused on the evaluation and development of its Mount Peake Vanadium-Titanium-Iron project. The Mount Peake Project is located 235km north-northwest of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia. TNG Ltd is well advanced with a massive $4.7b NPV8%  but relies on titanium and iron with a lower grade vanadium by-product.On October 26  TNG Ltd. announced: ""September 2022 quarterly activities report."" Highlights include:"" Conditional Letters of Support/Interest for up to A$800 million in debt funding received for the Mount Peake Project from Australian  German and Korean Government backed funding sources.Technical reports for the Environmental Impact Assessment well advanced  with the Referral document expected to be submitted to the Northern Territory Environmental Protection Agency (NTEPA) late 2022/early 2023.Planning completed for a brownfields drilling program at the Mount Peake Project expected to be undertaken during the December Quarter  supported by $143 000 in co-funding under the Geophysics & Drilling Collaborations program administered by the Northern Territory Geological Survey.The Company’s cash position at 30 September 2022 was $9.2 million. ""On November 22  TNG Ltd. announced:Management update......Paul Burton will step down as Managing Director and CEO on 25 November 2022 to pursue new career opportunities after 16 years of service to the Company.You can view the latest investor presentations here.Vanadium Resources Limited [ASX:VR8] [GR:TR3]Vanadium Resources is a junior exploration company established with the purpose of exploring and developing gold zinc  lead  copper and other mineral opportunities. Vanadium Resources owns 74% of a globally significant vanadium project  the Steelpoortdrift [SPD] Project  in Gauteng Province  South Africa.On October 27  Vanadium Resources Limited announced: ""Activities report – September quarter 2022."" Highlights include:""Company subsidiary Vanadium Resources (Pty) Ltd (“VanRes”) entered into an Option Agreement to acquire 135 hectares of Property for planned Salt Roast Plant.HCF appointed as debt funding advisor to assist the Company with arranging debt finance for the development of the Steelpoortdrift Vanadium Project.""Post Quarter Highlights"" Definitive Feasibility Study1 (“DFS”) and updated Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates released for the Steelpoortdrift (“SPD”) Project .Vanadium Resources LimitedMineral Resources now amounts to 680Mt (2.7% increase) at 0.70% vanadium pentoxide (“V2O5”) at a cut-off grade of 0.45% V2O5 – the Measured Mineral Resources increased by 58% to 145Mt at 0.72% V2O5 .. Ore Reserves total 76.86Mt at 0.72% V2O5 with 30.23Mt of Proven Ore Reserves at 0.70% V2O5 and 46.62Mt of Probable Ore Reserves at 0.72% V2O5.Additional LOM of up to 67 years readily available in the designed open pits within a low environmental and social impact inclusion zone  and Life of Mineral Resource in open pit is +180 years at current throughput rates .""You can view the latest investor presentation here. Below is an interesting screenshot from the company presentation that compares various vanadium projects globally.Vanadium ResourcesKing River Resources [ASX:KRR] (formerly King River Copper)King River holds 785 square kilometres of mineral leases covering a unique geological feature in the Eastern Kimberley of Western Australia  called the Speewah Dome. The company state on their website: ""The focus of King River Copper Limited is the exploration for Gold  Silver and Copper."" However their deposits also contain vanadium.No significant news for the month.You can view the latest investor presentation here.VanadiumCorp Resource Inc. [TSXV:VRB][GR:NWN] (OTCPK:VRBFF)VanadiumCorp Resources Inc. 100% owns the Lac Dore Vanadium-Iron-Titanium project in Quebec Canada. The Company also has royalties on the Raglan Nickel-PGM mine. The Company is looking to take a vertically integrated approach and is also developing leading process technologies ‘VanadiumCorp-Electrochem Processing Technology’ and ""Electrochem globally patented Electrowinning"" technology.No news for the month.You can view the latest investor presentation here.Richmond Vanadium Technologies Pty Ltd (""RVT"") ASX IPO planned for late 2022 - Spin-off from Horizon Mining [ASX:HRZ]RVT now owns 100% of the Richmond Vanadium Project. It has a global Mineral Resource of 1.8Bt @ 0.36% Vanadium Pentoxide (V2O5).On October 25. Proactive Investors announced:Horizon Minerals has priority offer in Richmond Vanadium Technology IPO. The IPO to raise between $25 million and $35 million opened on October 24  2022  with funds raised to primarily be used for a bankable feasibility study at the Richmond Vanadium Project in North Queensland.On November 16  Richmond Vanadium Technologies Pty Ltd announced: ""IPO indicative demand exceeds minimum subscription."" Highlights include:"" IPO supported with indicative demand that exceeds the minimum subscription of $25m.Phenom Resources Corp. [TSXV:PHNM] (OTCQX:PHNMF) (formerly First Vanadium Corp.)The Carlin Gold-Vanadium Property hosts one of North America’s largest richest primary vanadium deposits  located in Nevada. Its West Jerome project targets a large scale high grade copper and zinc deposit in Arizona. Carlin has a Historic Inferred Resource 28Mt at 0.525% V2O5 (2010 SRK).On November 23  Phenom Resources Corp. announced:Phenom Resources expands the vanadium deposit on its flagship Nevada Project. Paul Cowley  President and CEO of the Company  states  ""The 2022 summer drilling program met its objectives by expanding the size of the vanadium deposit in three of the four sectors (north  west and east) beyond the limits of previous drilling showing continuity of consistent good vanadium grades and widths near surface. With the success of this program  it opens up the deposit to further expansion in four new areas  outlined in Figure 1  which will be drilled before a new resource estimate is done.""Investors can read the latest company presentation here.Graphite miners with potential vanadium projectsSyrah Resources [ASX:SYR] (OTC:OTCPK:SYAAF) (OTC:SRHYY)NextSource Materials [TSX:NEXT]DNI Metals [TSXV:DNI] [GR:DG7N](OTC:DMNKF)Other listed vanadium juniorsBlackRock Metals (Private)Gladiator Resources [ASX:GLA]Golden Deeps [ASX:GED]Intermin Resources [ASX:IRC]Maxtech Ventures [CSE:MVT]New Energy Minerals [ASX: NXE] (formerly Mustang Resources)Pursuit Minerals [ASX:PUR]QEM Limited [ASX:QEM]Sabre Resources [ASX:SBR]Strategic Resources [TSXV:SR] (OTCPK:SCCFF)Trigon Metals Inc. [TSXV:TM] (OTC:PNTZF)Voyager Metals Inc. [TSXV:VONE][GR:9VR1] (OTC:VDMRF) (formerly Vanadium One Iron Corp.)Venus Metals [ASX:VMC]Victory Metals [TSXV:VMX]VRFB CompaniesProtean Energy [ASX:POW] [GR:SHE1]Enerox GmbH (90% Bushveld/10% Cellcube Energy Storage Systems)Invinity Energy Systems (LSE:IES) (IVVGF) (OTCQX:IESVF)ConclusionNovember saw slightly higher V2O5 prices and slightly higher ferrovanadium prices.Highlights for the month include:China wants over 100 GW energy storage by 2025  30 GWh from batteries. Already this year vanadium battery projects amounting to 300 MW / 1104 MWh have been commissioned in China.Chinese renewable projects are increasingly required to have co-located battery capacity......Shenzhen city has just this week brought in a subsidy of $27.5 per MWh for battery projects over 1 MW in size.Sichuan: Target to reach 1GW/Year of vanadium battery system integration by 2025.North Harbour Clean Energy is promising to build the first big Vanadium Redox Flow Battery in Australia in a JV with CellCube which generates 4MW-16MWh.China Central Bank boosts stimulus to aid Covid-hit economy. Reserve requirement ratio for banks cut by 25 basis points.AMG's new vanadium spent catalyst recycling facility in Zanesville  Ohio  started operating on October 29  2022. AMG's lithium vanadium battery production has successfully started up in Germany.Western Uranium & Vanadium Sunday Mine Complex mining operations are targeted to restart in January 2023.Neometals reports robust outcomes from Barrambie Titanium Project PFS.Technology Metals Australia d elivers 26% increase to M& I Resource at their Murchison Technology Metals Project (MTMP).Vanadium Resources DFS for the Steelpoortdrift Project results in a post-tax NPV7.5% of A$1.9b and 42% post-tax IRR . Start up CapEx A$329m.. Start up CapEx A$329m. Richmond Vanadium Technologies Pty IPO indicative demand exceeds minimum subscription.Phenom Resources expands the vanadium deposit on its flagship Nevada Project.As usual all comments are welcome.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['Vanadium Miners News', 'The', 'November', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV', 'first big Vanadium Redox Flow Battery', 'first Vanadium Redox Flow Battery', 'North Harbour Clean Energy', 'national all-vanadium flow battery', 'total energy storage market', 'vanadium battery system integration', 'Global energy storage deployment', 'significant supply chain issues', 'Glencore Chief Executive Officer', 'vanadium redox flow batteries', 'global (energy storage) market', 'The National Energy Administration', 'Vanadium spot price history', 'Third quarter 2022 production report', 'flow battery technologies', 'National Electricity Market', 'commercial energy storage', 'long-duration energy storage', 'Wood Mackenzie report', 'first eight months', 'significant government actions', 'lithium-ion big battery', 'Vanadium market news', 'Vanadium Flow Batteries', 'Chinese rebar standards', 'TTP Squared Inc.', 'Reserve requirement ratio', 'key interest rates', 'Full-year 2022 production guidance', 'big VRFB project', 'vanadium battery projects', 'Chinese renewable projects', 'Vanadium miner news', 'large vanadium producer', 'international battery company', '100 GW energy storage', 'recent 5.5 GWh tender', 'Europe Vanadium Pentoxide', 'first project', '500 MW, 2 GWh factory', 'China Central Bank', 'Global VRFB', 'vanadium production', 'battery capacity', 'AMG Vanadium', 'Vanadium demand', 'Vanadium Resources', 'Vanadium producers', 'three months', 'The PBOC', 'largest VRFB', 'vanadium prices', 'slight rise', 'property sector', 'V2O5] Flake', 'new capacity', 'Guidehouse Insights', 'Robert Friedland', 'Rethink Research', 'EPC contracts', 'year increase', 'Shenzhen city', 'direct competitors', 'take-off strip', 'longer durations', 'Henan province', 'Yunnan Province', 'Chuxiong Prefecture', 'joint venture', 'manufacturing line', '25 basis points', 'rescue package', 'COVID curbs', 'recent move', 'small portion', 'Gary Nagle', 'Operational performance', 'extreme weather', 'industrial action', 'nickel assets', 'Russia/Ukraine war', 'leading provider', '5 GW/9 GWh', 'GWh demand', 'China price', 'steel industry', 'Europe Ferrovanadium', 'high growth', 'early October', 'COVID-hit economy', 'real economy', 'Eastern Australia', 'FeV] 80% prices', '27 GWh', '27.7 GWh', '30 GWh', '1 GWh', '62 GW', '13.82 GW', '1 MW', '300 MW', 'jcrosemann', 'November', 'stimulus', 'VRFBs', 'momentum', 'Vanadiumprice', 'USD', 'April', 'remarkable 62', 'Woodmac', 'wind', 'region', 'revolution', 'September', 'plan', 'hydro', '2021 figure', 'target', 'subsidy', 'MWh', 'size', 'means', 'Other', 'announcement', 'Ferroalloynet', 'Sichuan', '1GW/Year', 'world', 'CellCube', 'continent', 'pair', 'assembly', 'Bloomberg', 'banks', 'liquidity', 'adjustment', 'damage', 'August', 'OTCPK', 'GLCNF', 'revenue', 'range', 'events', 'Canada', 'Norway', 'emergence', 'Kazakhstan', 'commodities', 'ADG', 'AMVMF', 'products', 'services']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,seekingalpha.com
13843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563397/0/en/Ipsos-sells-Retail-Performance-solution-to-RetailNext.html,Ipsos sells Retail Performance solution to RetailNext,Paris  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based specialist in retail services.,Paris  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based specialist in retail services.With this agreement  Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees in the United Kingdom and the Philippines will integrate RetailNext.Ipsos will also take a minority share in RetailNext  establishing a partnership to co-develop solutions in the global retail and consumer trends space. Ipsos’ clients will continue to access customer counting and footfall data through this partnership.“The sale of Retail Performance reflects our focus on our core research services  as announced in the 2022-2025 Growth plan”  said Ben Page  Global CEO of Ipsos.“Retail Performance is a leader in the footfall-tracking space  and we’re thrilled to be welcoming them into the family as we expand our mission in the UK and beyond”  said Alexei Agratchev  Co-Founder & CEO of RetailNext.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 indexes and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP wwwAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Retail Performance solution', 'Ipsos', 'RetailNext', '2022-2025 Growth plan', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees', 'consumer trends space', 'core research services', 'retail services', 'footfall-tracking space', 'global retail', 'footfall solution', 'US-based specialist', 'United Kingdom', 'minority share', 'customer counting', 'footfall data', 'Ben Page', 'Alexei Agratchev', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indexes', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'Global CEO', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos’ clients', '5,000 clients', 'sale', 'people-counting', 'RetailNext', 'agreement', 'Philippines', 'partnership', 'focus', 'leader', 'family', 'mission', 'UK', 'Co-Founder', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563396/0/en/IBA-Regulated-Information.html,IBA - Regulated Information,IBA SA - Regulated information                                                                                                                          ...,"French EnglishIBA SA - Regulated informationNovember 28th 5:45 pmPublication made under article 15 of the law of May 2  2007 relating to the disclosure of major holdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and containing various provisions (Belgian Gazette 12.VI.2007 ) (hereinafter  the “Law”)Under this provision:""[...] the issuer publishes the total capital  the total number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights  as well as  by category  the number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights vote  at the latest at the end of each calendar month in which an increase or a decrease in these numbers occurred.On each publication referred to in the first paragraph  the issuer also mentions  if applicable  the total number of bonds convertible into securities conferring the right to vote and rights materialized or not by securities to the subscription of securities conferring the right to vote not yet issued  the total number of voting rights that would result from the exercise of these conversion or subscription rights and the total number of shares without voting rights. ""The following information are current as of November 09th  2022Nature of information Remark Amount of capital (EUR) 42.502.318 54 Securities with voting rights =(A) 30.282.218 This is the basis for calculating the 30% threshold provided in article 5 of the takeover law of April 1  2007 (Belgian Gazette 26.IV.2007) Shares with voting rights 30.282.218 Shares with loyalty voting right (section 28 of the articles of association) =(B) 8.120.827 Existing voting rights =[A-B+(B*2)] 38.403.045 This is the denominator under which must be calculated the quota of voting rights that can give rise to notification in accordance with article 6 of the Law Bonds convertible into shares (CB) 0 Voting rights that would result of CB conversion 0 Subscription rights (warrants) issued and exercisable 20.000 Voting rights that would result of warrant conversion 20.000 Statutory and legal thresholds (section 35 of the articles of association) 1%  2%  3%  4%  5%  7.5%  10%  15%  etc. par tranche de 5% These are the thresholds under which the crossing  whether upward or downward (including passive crossing)  gives rise to notification in accordance with section 6 or 18  §2  of the Law.Contact person for threshold crossing notifications: shareholderrelations@iba-group.com.Shares endowed with the right to vote in loyalty: registered shares recorded in the share register for at least two consecutive years in the name of their holder (section 28 of the articles of association  in accordance with section 7:53 of the Companies and Associations Code).Following the introduction of the loyalty voting right by decision of the general meeting of March 10  2020  the calculation method used by IBA to determine the number of shares with the loyalty voting right at any time is the LIFO method (last in  first out)  namely: for the same registered shareholder  the shares which the latter most recently acquired are the first shares which will be deducted from his “basket” of registered shares if he transfer shares thereafter.Statutory ceiling (section 7  paragraph 1  of the articles of association: “No shareholder may  with companies and persons related to him  participate in the voting at general meetings for a number of votes exceeding 35% of the votes attached to all of the shares with voting rights issued by the company”): currently 35% of 38.339.545  i.e. 13.418.840 8 votes.ISIN Code : Euronext Brussels BE0003766806About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBAMarie SiraultParalegal+32 491252480marie.sirault@iba-group.com______________________Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Regulated Information', 'IBA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'two consecutive years', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'information Remark Amount', 'same registered shareholder', 'threshold crossing notifications', 'loyalty voting right', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'voting rights', 'French English', 'Regulated information', 'major holdings', 'regulated market', 'various provisions', 'Belgian Gazette', 'calendar month', 'following information', 'par tranche', 'passive crossing', 'Contact person', 'share register', 'Associations Code', 'general meeting', 'calculation method', 'LIFO method', 'ISIN Code', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'registered shares', 'subscription rights', 'total number', 'total capital', 'first paragraph', 'legal thresholds', 'Statutory ceiling', 'Euronext Brussels', 'takeover law', 'first shares', 'IBA SA', 'Marie Sirault', 'Law Bonds', 'CB conversion', '30% threshold', 'November', 'Publication', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'securities', 'vote', 'category', 'increase', 'decrease', 'numbers', 'exercise', 'Nature', 'basis', 'April', 'section', 'articles', 'denominator', 'quota', 'rise', 'accordance', 'warrants', 'group', 'name', 'Companies', 'introduction', 'decision', 'March', 'time', 'basket', 'persons', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '1,800 people', 'social', 'BB', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563412/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-NACON-2022-23-HALF-YEAR-RESULTS.html,PRESS RELEASE: NACON: 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS,Press release  Lesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs  2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP  77.5 M€ SALES......,English FrenchPress releaseLesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP77.5 M€ SALES (+6.2%)11.1 M€ CURRENT OPERATING PROFIT (+31.4%)8.4 M€ NET RESULT (+123.5%)2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS EXPECTED TO GROWTHRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY IN HY2 2022-23NACON (ISIN FR0013482791) today releases its audited consolidated results for 1st Half Year 2022-23 (from April 1  2022 to September 30  2022) as approved by its Board of directors on 28 November 2022.Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 77.5 73.0 +6.2% Gross margin (1)In % of SalesEBITDA (2)In % of Sales47.661.4%25.633.1%38.052.1%21.429.3% +25.1%+19.8% Current operating incomeEBITAIn % of SalesNon recurrent items11.114. 3%(1.3) 8.411.6%(4.0)+31.4%Operating incomeIn % of Sales9.812.7% 4.56.1% +119.2% Financial result 1.3 0.0Earnings before taxIn % of Sales11.114.3% 4.56.2% +145.2% Tax (2.6) (0.7) Net result for the periodIn % of Sales 8.410.9% 3.85.2% +123.5%Business and earnings growth driven by the Games businessIn the first half of 2022-23  Nacon posted revenues of 77.5 M€  up 6.2%  reflecting the growth of its games business. Over the period  this business generated revenues of 47.0 M€ (+72.3%). With the launch in HY1 of several iconic games such as Vampire: The Masquerade®- Swansong  SteelrisingTM and Session Skate SimTM  current catalogue sales more than doubled to 25.4 M€. Back catalogue sales (games released in previous years) also increased by 33.3% to 21.6 M€.Over the first half of the year  Accessories sales amounted to 28.5 M€  down 34.7%. This activity remains marked by a very high base effect  particularly in the USA  and by a sharp decline in the global market for headsets.Gross margin was 47.6 M€  or 61.4% of sales (52.1% in previous year). The product mix  with a lower relative weighting of Accessories (37% of total sales versus 60% in previous year) explains this increase in the gross margin rate.Current operating income for the first half of the year rose by 31.4% to 11.1 M€  or 14.3% of sales. Net income amounted to 8.4 M€ (10.9% of sales in HY1 2022-23)  more than double the net income generated last year (3.8 M€ in HY1 2021-22).Strong financial structure and continued investment for growthAs of September 30  2022  shareholders' equity amounted to 241.5 M€  up 13.1 M€ compared to the end of March 2022. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to 38.1 M€ compared to 82.1 M€ at the end of March 2022  in line with the Group's determination to reinvest its cash flows in the development of its activities.To date  50 games are under development  representing CAPEX of more than 30 M€ over the first half of 2022-23. In addition  investments related to external growth transactions (acquisition of Daedalic in April 2022) amount to 34.1 M€ over the same period.Cash-flow for the first half of the year amounted to 27.5 M€  up 31% compared with the first half of 2021-22.With the acquisition of Daedalic and the increase in inventories due to the electronical components crisis  net debt stood at 63.6 M€ at September 30  2022  compared to 10.4 M€ at March 31 2022.Confidence reaffirmed in medium-term prospectsSustained publishing activity in the second half of 2022-23Released on November 3  WRC Generations recorded a slight increase in sales over the first three weeks compared with WRC10  which was released in the previous fiscal year.Many games in the catalogue  some of which were initially scheduled for release in the third quarter  will finally be released in the fourth quarter:Blood Bowl®3  a game similar to American soccer  set in a fantasy world  a new installment in the successful Blood Bowl franchise.Chef Life  in partnership with the Michelin Guide.Clash  in the very dynamic fighting game segment.Transport Fever 2 Console Edition  on PlayStation®4  PlayStation®5  Xbox®One and Xbox®Series.NACON now anticipates sales and current operating income for 2022-23 to be slightly up on the previous fiscal year with the delayed release of several major games  a decline in the Accessories business and tensions in the supply of new consoles.Strong growth expected in 2023-24  driven by current investmentsIn FY 2023-24  NACON will continue to pursue a sustained and varied publishing activity. The 2022-23 releases will feed the 2023-24 back catalogue and will mechanically accelerate growth.The highly anticipated release of The Lord of the Rings GollumTM  an emblematic character from the world of J.R.R. Tolkien from the novel The Lord of the Rings  is now scheduled for HY1 2023-24.Next event:Q2 2022-2023 sales  23 January 2023 Press release after close of the Euronext Paris stock exchange2021-22 ANNUAL SALES155.9 M€HEADCOUNTOver 900 employeesINTERNATIONAL23 subsidiaries and a distribution network across 100 countrieshttps://corporate.nacongaming.com/ NACON is a company of the BIGBEN Group founded in 2019 to optimize its know-how through strong synergies in the video game market. By bringing together its 16 development studios  the publishing of AA video games  the design and distribution of premium gaming devices  NACON focuses 30 years of expertise at the service of players. This new unified business unit strengthens NACON's position in the market  enables it to innovate by creating new unique competitive advantages.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment BISIN : FR0013482791 ; Reuters : NACON.PA ; Bloomberg : NACON:FPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01LEXICONBACK CATALOGUE: games released in previous yearsGROSS MARGIN: Sales - Cost of goods sold; other operating revenues posted between Gross Margin and EBITDAEBITDA: Current operating income before depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assetsCOI RATE: Operating income before non-recurring items as a percentage of salesCAPEX: Intangible assets excluding rights of use / rental rights capitalized in accordance with IFRS 16Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.09,0.4,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', '23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'NACON', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'J.R.R. Tolkien', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'The Masquerade®- Swansong', 'dynamic fighting game segment', 'successful Blood Bowl franchise', 'Non recurrent items', 'Session Skate SimTM', 'high base effect', 'lower relative weighting', 'electronical components crisis', '2023-24 back catalogue', 'first three weeks', 'several iconic games', 'Strong financial structure', 'several major games', 'THRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY', 'varied publishing activity', 'Current operating income', '2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS', 'gross margin rate', 'external growth transactions', 'previous fiscal year', '1st Half Year', 'Back catalogue sales', 'current catalogue sales', 'The Lord', 'OPERATING PROFIT', 'Net income', '2022-23 releases', 'previous years', 'HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'consolidated results', 'current investments', 'first half', 'Financial result', 'Strong growth', 'second half', 'English French', 'global market', 'product mix', 'continued investment', ""shareholders' equity"", 'net debt', 'medium-term prospects', 'WRC Generations', 'Many games', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'American soccer', 'new installment', 'Chef Life', 'Michelin Guide', 'Xbox®One', 'Xbox®Series', 'new consoles', 'emblematic character', 'Next event', 'Over 900 employees', 'distribution network', 'Net result', 'cash equivalents', 'cash flows', 'Games business', 'sharp decline', 'fantasy world', 'Rings GollumTM', 'BIGBEN Group', 'Change Sales', 'total sales', 'Press release', 'same period', 'slight increase', 'Accessories business', 'earnings growth', 'Accessories sales', '50 games', 'Lesquin', '28 November', '18:00hrs', '1 M', '4 M', 'HY2', 'NACON', 'April', 'September', 'Board', 'directors', 'M€', 'IFRS', 'EBITDA', 'EBITA', 'tax', 'revenues', '77.5 M', '47.0 M', 'launch', 'HY1', 'Vampire', 'SteelrisingTM', '21.6 M', 'USA', 'headsets', '47.6 M', 'March', 'determination', 'development', 'activities', 'CAPEX', '30 M', 'addition', 'acquisition', 'Daedalic', 'Cash-flow', '27.5 M', 'inventories', '63.6 M', 'Confidence', 'WRC10', 'partnership', 'Clash', 'PlayStation®', 'tensions', 'supply', 'FY', 'sustained', 'novel', 'Q2', '23 January', 'close', 'HEADCOUNT', 'INTERNATIONAL', '23 subsidiaries', '100 countries', 'company', '28.5', '241.5']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563343/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022AMSTERDAM – November 28  2022 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022 (the “Period”)  of 110 645 ordinary shares (equal to 0.01% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 37.0375 and for an overall price of EUR 4 098 009.96.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 21-Nov-22 22 593 36.9914 835 746.70 XPAR 22-Nov-22 22 610 36.7244 830 338.68 XPAR 23-Nov-22 22 216 36.8883 819 510.47 XPAR 24-Nov-22 21 646 37.3677 808 861.23 XPAR 25-Nov-22 21 580 37.2360 803 552.88 XPAR Total for Period 110 645 37.0375 4 098 009.96Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 6 991 558 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.8% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '110,645 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '6,991,558 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Nov', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '48,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563395/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Expected-Mandatory-Conversion-Bondholder-Notification.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION  28 November 2022  17:45 CET  Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification  Capitalised terms not...,"English DutchPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION28 November 2022  17:45 CETExpected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder NotificationCapitalised terms not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.Mechelen  Belgium  28 November 2022 – This announcement constitutes a notice (the “Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification”) in accordance with  respectively  Condition 5(m)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.00% convertible bonds due 2024/2027 (the ""Existing Convertible Bonds"") and Condition 6(b)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds due 2024/2026 (the ""New Convertible Bonds"") (together  the ""Terms and Conditions of the Bonds"") issued by Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART).The Company today announces  that based on the information available to the Company as of the date of this announcement  the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date (as such term is defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) is expected to occur on 2 December 2022 (the “Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date”).If the Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date does not occur on 2 December 2022  or the Company obtains information that the Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date will occur on a later date  the Company will inform the Bondholders thereof by way of press release and a new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification.In accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date will result in a number of consequences for the holders of the Existing Convertible Bonds and/or the New Convertible Bonds  including (but not limited to):the automatic extension of the Final Maturity Dates of such Bonds to 9 November 2026 (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and 9 November 2027 (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds);the start of the Bondholder Conversion Option Period for the New Convertible Bonds; andthe Mandatory Conversion of 10% of the principal amount outstanding under each of the Existing Convertible Bonds and the New Convertible Bonds.The aforementioned Mandatory Conversion will occur 10 Brussels business days after the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Mandatory Conversion Date (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and the Conversion Date (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds) (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) would be Friday  16 December 2022.The Bondholders are reminded that  in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the Bondholders will be required to complete certain formalities in order to obtain delivery of the shares issued pursuant to the aforementioned Mandatory Conversion. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Cut-Off Date for completing such formalities would be Friday  9 December 2022. Failure to comply with the formalities by the applicable deadlines will result in the relevant shares being sold by the Share Settlement Agent and the proceeds (if any  after deducting a.o. the costs of such procedure) being distributed rateably to the relevant Bondholders. In view thereof  the Company encourages the Bondholders that have not yet been in contact with the Company in the context of the Recapitalisation Transactions to contact the Company urgently. Upon occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date  the Company will in its Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification provide further details on the exact formalities the Bondholders will need to comply with.The Terms and Conditions of the Bonds can be consulted  subject to applicable legal restrictions  on https://investors.biocartis.com/en/convertible-bonds .--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State of the European Economic Area  the “Prospectus Regulation”) or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY NEW BONDS  OUTSTANDING BONDS OR OTHER SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE NEW BONDS  NEW TERM LOANS OR THE OUTSTANDING BONDS DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale or purchase or exchange of the Existing Convertible Bonds or the New Convertible Bonds in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available.Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States. This communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds', 'new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date', 'Bondholder Conversion Option Period', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Mandatory Conversion Date', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Final Maturity Dates', 'Share Settlement Agent', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'New Convertible Bonds', 'applicable legal restrictions', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'Existing Convertible Bonds', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'later date', 'Cut-Off Date', '4.00% convertible bonds', 'molecular testing', 'applicable deadlines', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'automatic extension', 'principal amount', 'Brussels business', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'More information', 'relevant shares', 'universal access', 'exact formalities', 'relevant Bondholders', 'Capitalised terms', 'November', 'CET', 'notice', 'meaning', 'Conditions', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'BCART', '2 December', 'way', 'number', 'consequences', 'case', 'start', 'Friday', 'order', 'delivery', 'Failure', 'proceeds', 'costs', 'procedure', 'view', 'contact', 'context', 'details', 'investors', 'convertible-bonds', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'lab', 'result', 'system', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorect', '28']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563417/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-BIGBEN-2022-23-HALF-YEAR-RESULTS.html,PRESS RELEASE: BIGBEN: 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS,Press release           Lesquin  28 November 2022 18:00hrs  2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP  138.5 M€...,"English FrenchPress releaseLesquin  28 November 2022 18:00hrs2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP138.5 M€ SALES (+11.6%)11.8 M€ CURRENT OPERATING RESULT (+19.6%)7.6 M€ NET RESULT (+9.6%)STRONG GROWTH AMBITION REITERATED FOR FY 2023-24CONTINUATION OF THE GAMES PUBLISHING MOMENTIUMENCOURAGING OUTLOOK FOR THE AUDIOVIDEO/TELCO BUSINESSBIGBEN INTERACTIVE (ISIN FR0000074072) today releases its audited consolidated results for 1st Half Year 2022-23 (from April 1  2022 to September 30  2022) as approved by its Board of directors on 28 November 2022.Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 138.5 124.2 +11.6% Gross margin (1)In % of SalesEBITDA (2)In % of Sales64.846.8%28.320.4%51.441.4%24.619.8% +26.0%+15.2% Current operating incomeEBITAIn % of SalesNon recurrent items11.88.5%(1.4) 9.98.0%(5.8)+19.6%Operating incomeIn % of Sales10.57.6% 4.13.3% +153.6% Financial result (0.3) 4.8Earnings before taxIn % of Sales10.27.4% 9.07.2% +13.5% Tax (2.6) (2.0) Net result for the periodIn % of Sales 7.65.5% 6.95.6% +9.6%Growth in business and results in the first half of 2022-23In the first half of the year  the Bigben Group posted a 11.6% increase in sales to 138.5 M€  reflecting growth in its two business segments:- BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco posted sustained growth (+19.3% to 61.0 M€)  mainly due to the strong momentum of the ""Mobile"" business and the success of the Force® ranges.- NACON Gaming recorded a 6.2% increase in sales to 77.5 M€. Video games grew by 72.3% to 47.0 M€. However  total activity remains impacted by the weakness of the accessories market.With the favorable evolution of the product mix in the Gaming activity and the success of the premium Audio-Video/Telco ranges  Gross Margin increased by 26.0% to 64.8 M€ in the first half. The Group's margin rate thus increased by 5.4 points to 46.8% (compared with 41.4% in HY1 2021-22).Current Operating Income amounted to 11.8 M€  up 19.6% compared to HY1 2021-22. Net Income for the first half of 2022-23  penalized by the integration of Metronic  was only 7.6 M€.Analysis of performance per business unitNACON-GAMING BIGBEN - AUDIOVIDEO/TELCO Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 77.5 73.0 +6.2% 61.0 51.2 +19.3% Gross Margin 47.6 38.0 +25.1% 17.2 13.7 +28.8% In % of sales 61.4% 52.1% 28.2% 26.1% EBITDA 25.6 21.4 +19.8% 2.6 3.2 -15.9% In % sales 33.1% 29.3% 4.4% 6.2% Current Operating Income 11.1 8.4 +31.4% 0.7 1.4 -49.2% In % of sales 14.3% 11.6% 1.2% 2.8%Nacon Gaming posted first-half sales of 77.5 M€  up 6.2%  reflecting growth in the Games business. Over the period  this activity generated 47.0 M€ sales (+72.3%). With the launch of several iconic games in HY1  catalogue sales more than doubled to 25.4 M€  with a very strong growth in digital channels. Back catalogue sales (games released in previous years) also increased by 33.3% to 21.6 M€.Over the first half of the year  Accessories sales amounted to 28.5 M€  down 34.7%. This activity remains marked by a very high base effect  particularly in the USA  and by a sharp decline in the global market for headsets.Gross margin was 47.6 M€ or 61.4% of sales (52.1% in previous year). The product mix  with a lower relative weighting of Accessories (37% of total sales versus 60% in previous year) explains this increase in the gross margin rate.Current operating income for the first half of the year rose by 31.4% to 11.1 M€  or 14.3% of sales.Bigben - Audio-Video/Telco posted 61.0 M€ sales up 19.3%. Sales of mobile accessories were up 16.4% to 46.9 M€. They benefited from the removal by manufacturers of originally included chargers and pedestrian kits (1) from most new smartphones  and from the very good performance of the Force® ranges. Audio-Video sales rose by 29.6% to 14.0 M€ (including 6.1 M€ from the consolidation of Metronic).A product mix increasingly oriented towards premium brands enabled the gross margin rate to improve over the first half to 28.2% of revenues (vs. 26.1% in H1 2021-22).Current Operating Income for the year was 0.7 M€  compared with 1.4 M€ last year. Excluding the impact of Metronic  COI would have increased over the first half.. Actions are currently being taken to improve Metronic's profitability.A solid financial structure including major investments in the Gaming businessAt September 30  2022  Bigben Group had a solid balance sheet structure with 300.8 M€ shareholders' equity and 62.0 M€ cash. Net debt stood at 125.3 M€ at the end of the year  representing a 42 % gearing (2). During the first half of the year  the Group continued to invest for growth through the development of games (over 30 M€ capex in HY1 2022-23) and finalized the acquisition of Daedalic (32 M€ in HY1 2022-23).Group's cash-flow increased to 31.2 M€ (+23.7%) in the first half of 2022-23.Expected growth in results for 2022-23The Group has a sustained publishing activity at the end of the financial year and can count on the extension of the Force® ranges.Thus  the BIGBEN Group is confident in its ability to generate  over the 2022-23 fiscal year  sales and current operating income that are higher than the previous fiscal year.(1) Pedestrian kits refer to wired headphones for smartphones(2) Excluding IRFS 16 rental debt and earnout debt from acquisitionsAmbition for strong growth in FY 2023-24Nacon GamingIn FY 2023-24  NACON will continue to pursue a sustained and varied publishing activity. FY 2022-23 releases will feed FY 2023-24 back catalogue and will mechanically accelerate growth.The highly anticipated release of The Lord of the Rings GollumTM  an emblematic character from the world of J.R.R. Tolkien from the novel The Lord of the Rings  is now scheduled for HY1 2023-24.Bigben - Audio-Video/TelcoBigben Audio-Video/Telco's business will continue to benefit from market trends that are favorable to its development:- the launch by manufacturers of new ranges of smartphones without chargers and pedestrian kits(1)- Diversification of sales channels to penetrate the refurbished smartphone marketIn this buoyant context  Bigben Audio-Video/Telco intends to continue developing its Premium brands  together with an extended listing of these ranges. The extension of the Force® ranges and an increase in synergies with the Metronic group should contribute to business growth.Given the growth that should be sustained for NACON Gaming and the BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco activity that should remain well oriented in FY 2023-24  the Group anticipates a strong growth as of next fiscal year and reaffirms its confidence in its medium-term prospects.Next event:Q3 2022-2023 sales  23 January 2023 Press release after close of the Euronext Paris stock exchangeSALES 2021-22275.7 M€HEADCOUNTOver 1200 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution networkin more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben Interactive is a European player in video game development and publishing  in design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories as well as in audio products. The Group  which is recognized for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of Europe’s leaders in each of its marketsCompany listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index : CAC Mid & Small – Eligible SRD longISIN : FR0000074072 ; Reuters : BIGPA ; Bloomberg : BIGFPPRESS CONTACTSCapValue – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01LEXICONGROSS MARGIN: Sales - Cost of goods sold; other operating revenues posted between Gross Margin and EBITDAEBITDA: Current operating income before depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assetsCOI RATE: Operating income before non-recurring items as a percentage of salesAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.23,0.31,True,English,"['2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'BIGBEN', 'solid balance sheet structure', 'solid financial structure', 'Press release Lesquin', 'Non recurrent items', 'high base effect', 'lower relative weighting', 'most new smartphones', 'Current operating income', 'GAMES PUBLISHING MOMENTIUM', 'two business segments', 'several iconic games', 'sustained publishing activity', 'gross margin rate', ""300.8 M€ shareholders' equity"", 'Back catalogue sales', 'STRONG GROWTH AMBITION', 'premium Audio-Video/Telco ranges', '1st Half Year', 'Net Income', 'premium brands', 'OPERATING RESULT', 'strong momentum', 'Force® ranges', 'financial y', 'first half', 'Financial result', 'English French', 'ENCOURAGING OUTLOOK', 'sustained growth', 'Mobile"" business', 'NACON Gaming', 'Video games', 'favorable evolution', 'product mix', 'business unit', 'Games business', 'digital channels', 'previous years', 'sharp decline', 'global market', 'pedestrian kits', 'major investments', 'Gaming business', 'Net debt', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco', 'NACON-GAMING BIGBEN', 'total activity', 'Gaming activity', 'Net result', 'accessories market', 'mobile accessories', 'first-half sales', 'total sales', 'Audio-Video sales', 'HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'AUDIOVIDEO/TELCO BUSINESS', 'consolidated results', 'Bigben Group', 'good performance', 'Accessories sales', '62.0 M€ cash', '30 M€ capex', 'Change Sales', 'The Group', 'Sales EBITDA', '47.0 M€ sales', '61.0 M€ sales', '7.6 M', '138.5 M', '77.5 M', '64.8 M', '25.4 M', '21.6 M', '11.1 M', '46.9 M', '14.0 M', '6.1 M€', '0.7 M', '1.4 M', '125.3 M', '28 November', 'FY', 'CONTINUATION', 'ISIN', 'April', 'September', 'Board', 'directors', 'IFRS', 'EBITA', 'Earnings', 'tax', 'period', '11.6% increase', 'success', '6.2% increase', 'weakness', '5.4 points', 'HY1', 'integration', 'Metronic', 'Analysis', 'launch', 'USA', 'headsets', 'removal', 'manufacturers', 'chargers', 'consolidation', 'revenues', 'H1', 'impact', 'COI', 'Actions', 'profitability', 'end', '42 % gearing', 'development', 'acquisition', 'Daedalic', 'cash-flow', '72', '11.8', '28.5', '31.2']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2562786/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6666 £ 24.2912 Estimated MTD return -1.59 % -1.49 % Estimated YTD return -5.25 % -4.01 % Estimated ITD return 176.67 % 142.91 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7670 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5702The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2562789/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED    Ordinary Shares   The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6666 £ 24.2912 Estimated MTD return -1.59 % -1.49 % Estimated YTD return -5.25 % -4.01 % Estimated ITD return 176.67 % 142.91 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7670 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5702The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,globenewswire.com
13851,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/asm-updates-q4-guidance-164500096.html,ASM UPDATES Q4 GUIDANCE,Almere  The Netherlands November 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of the recently announced US export restriction as well as an update on the guidance for Q4 2022.,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsNovember 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of the recently announced US export restriction as well as an update on the guidance for Q4 2022.On October 25  2022  we reported that the export regulations that were issued by the US government on October 7  2022  had an expected negative impact on 40% or more of our sales to China  based on a conservative scenario (and with equipment sales in China accounting for 16% of our total revenue in the first nine months of 2022). Following extensive clarifications and subsequent internal reviews  we now expect that the recently announced US export restrictions will negatively impact our China sales between 15-25%.As a result of somewhat higher sales to China  combined with a slightly higher than expected conversion of backlog into shipments in other regions  we now project Q4 2022 sales of €630-660 million  up from €600-630 million previously expected.On October 25  we also announced that we had reduced our Q3 2022 backlog as a result of the export restrictions which were announced on October 7  2022. We now expect to rebook part of these tool orders in Q4 2022 and in early 2023  depending on the outcome of discussions with customers. In part driven by these rebookings  and also supported by continued healthy demand in the logic/foundry  and power/analog segments  and including LPE  we expect the book-to-bill in Q4 2022 to be a bit above 1.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.comStory continuesCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.13,0.7,True,English,"['ASM UPDATES', 'Q4 GUIDANCE', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'first nine months', 'subsequent internal reviews', 'US export restriction', 'ASM International NV', 'export restrictions', 'market acceptance', 'US government', 'export regulations', 'symbol ASM', 'expected impact', 'negative impact', 'conservative scenario', 'total revenue', 'extensive clarifications', 'other regions', 'tool orders', 'healthy demand', 'power/analog segments', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'higher sales', 'The Netherlands', 'Q3 2022 backlog', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'media contact', 'equipment sales', 'China sales', 'Q4 2022 sales', 'Almere', 'CET', 'update', 'guidance', 'October', 'conversion', 'shipments', 'part', 'early', 'outcome', 'discussions', 'customers', 'rebookings', 'logic/foundry', 'LPE', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'information', 'website', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Investor', '5:45']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,yahoo.com
13852,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-115900722.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”) ,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  November 28  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 150 million share buyback program announced on June 30  2022  as the initial tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “First Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 21/11/2022 2 335 208.7396 487 406.97 4 864 214.6046 1 043 836.77 1 018 774.91 7 199 209.2210 1 506 181.88 22/11/2022 2 340 208.2414 487 284.88 3 827 216.4469 828 342.29 806 251.01 6 167 209.7512 1 293 535.89 23/11/2022 2 330 209.2521 487 557.39 9 100 217.5550 1 979 750.50 1 917 433.90 11 430 210.4104 2 404 991.29 24/11/2022 2 315 210.5038 487 316.30 - - - - 2 315 210.5038 487 316.30 25/11/2022 2 315 210.7490 487 883.94 - - - - 2 315 210.7490 487 883.94 11 635 209.4929 2 437 449.48 17 791 216.5100 3 851 929.56 3 742 459.82 29 426 210.0153 6 179 909.29 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such First Tranche till November 25  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 118 537 528.12 for No. 611 902 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 27 667 433.56 (Euro 27 716 900.49*) for No. 140 507 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of November 25  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 11 817 519 common shares equal to 4.60% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Story continuesA comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.45,0.28,0.27,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', '150 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 140,507 common shares', 'share capital', '902 common shares', '817,519 common shares', 'initial tranche', 'First Tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'treasury No.', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Italy', 'November', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'June', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Consideration', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'Story', 'transactions', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,uk.finance.yahoo.com
13853,EuroNext,Bing API,https://money.usnews.com/investing/news/articles/2022-11-28/a-tale-of-two-stock-markets-how-london-still-trumps-paris-for-investors,A Tale of Two Stock Markets: How London Still Trumps Paris for Investors,While the UK has seen a larger exodus from equity funds since 2020 than Paris  companies have raised more money in initial public offerings (IPOs) in London and more shares change hands in British markets every day.,"By Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel IndykLONDON (Reuters) - Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange is now worth more than London's. But although size matters  there are other indicators highlighting the UK capital's popularity with investors.While the UK has seen a larger exodus from equity funds since 2020 than Paris  companies have raised more money in initial public offerings (IPOs) in London and more shares change hands in British markets every day.France's CAC All Shares index is now worth almost $3 trillion  making it Europe's largest stock market by value thanks to demand for its luxury-retailer blue chips.London's FTSE All-Share index  meanwhile  is worth $2.8 trillion  according to Refinitiv data.Closing the gap https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/jnpwyexdlpwithchart.pngFUND FLOWSSo far in 2022  funds investing in UK stocks have seen record outflows of 23 billion euros  according to Refinitiv Lipper  up from almost 18 billion euros last year and the 14.6 billion euros shed in 2016  when Britain voted to leave the European Union.Annual outflows from French equity funds are much smaller - at 2 billion euros this year.Bye London  au revoir Paris Bye London  au revoir Paris https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/lgpdkwnzbvo/chart.pngIPO DESTINATIONBut London remains a much larger destination in terms of number and volume of initial public offerings  even with IPO volumes down 80% in Europe this year from last and more than 90% in the United States  according to Dealogic.After recording in 2021 its second strongest year for company listings since 2007  the London Stock Exchange has seen 41 debuts with a total deal value of 1.18 billion euros ($1.22 billion) so far in 2022  more than double the 474 million euros raised in 11 IPOs in Paris  according to Dealogic.Amsterdam - Europe's largest centre by average daily value traded according to CBOE data - has only seen two IPOs so far this year totalling 411 million euros  according to Euronext.More IPOs in London https://graphics.reuters.com/LONDON-PARISIPO/dwvkdrzbqpm/chart.pngFREE FLOATIn a volatile stock-market environment  Paris can count on large privately held stakes in its companies to offer some stability.The average free-float of French large caps is around 70% and for smaller companies around 50%  according to Euronext  well below London where the average free float of the FTSE All-Share Index is almost 90% of total outstanding shares  according to Refinitiv.""For an institutional investor from an investability standpoint  the amount of free float that is still out there  the UK is still significantly bigger "" said Ben Laidler  global macro strategist at eToro.Indeed  Paris' three biggest shareholders are private investors: the Arnault family  who own half of LVMH - Europe's largest company by market capitalisation - the Hermes family and the French government. In comparison  the world's largest asset manager Blackrock leads the way in London.In terms of market activity  Amsterdam's average daily value traded was more than 10 billion euros in October  with London a close second at 9.4 billion - about the same as Paris and Frankfurt combined  according to the data from CBOE Global Markets.Luxurious Paris https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/jnpwyejbnpwithchart.pngBREXIT DISCOUNTUndermining London is the discount at which the FTSE All-Share index trades relative to world stocks  which since the Brexit referendum in 2016 has grown to near its largest since 1990  at 35% on a price-to-earnings metric.UK stocks hit record discount to global peers https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/klpygkqbdpg/chart.pngDIVIDENDS AND PRICE RETURNSEnergy-heavy London wins big when it comes to dividends. In the third quarter  UK companies paid out $28.7 billion  more than seven times the total paid in France  according to Janus Henderson Investors' Global Dividend Index.London's FTSE All-Share has also delivered better returns to investors this year. Total annualised returns for the index are 2%  compared with returns of almost minus 6% for the CAC All Shares  according to Refinitiv data.FX MATTERSIt's also worth noting that currency comes into play when measuring the size of London's market against Paris' in dollar terms. Sterling has fallen around 11% against the U.S. dollar this year  while the euro has lost around 9%.($1 = 0.9658 euros)(Reporting by Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel Indyk in London  additional reporting by Daniel Leussink in Tokyo and Huw Jones in London; Editing by Amanda Cooper and Kirsten Donovan)",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.24,0.22,True,English,"['Two Stock Markets', 'A Tale', 'London', 'Paris', 'Investors', ""Janus Henderson Investors' Global Dividend Index"", 'large privately held stakes', 'CAC All Shares index', ""Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange"", 'global macro strategist', 'French large caps', 'initial public offerings', 'luxury-retailer blue chips', 'volatile stock-market environment', 'three biggest shareholders', 'FTSE All-Share index', 'second strongest year', 'largest asset manager', 'CBOE Global Markets', 'U.S. dollar', 'average daily value', 'total outstanding shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total deal value', 'largest stock market', 'average free float', 'Total annualised returns', 'French equity funds', 'global peers', 'average free-float', 'French government', 'British markets', 'largest centre', 'private investors', 'largest company', 'close second', 'CBOE data', 'Joice Alves', 'Vincent Flasseur', 'Samuel Indyk', 'other indicators', 'larger exodus', 'FUND FLOWS', 'record outflows', 'European Union', 'Annual outflows', 'IPO DESTINATION', 'larger destination', 'IPO volumes', 'United States', 'company listings', 'institutional investor', 'investability standpoint', 'Ben Laidler', 'Arnault family', 'market capitalisation', 'Hermes family', 'market activity', 'Brexit referendum', 'earnings metric', 'third quarter', 'FX MATTERS', 'additional reporting', 'Daniel Leussink', 'Huw Jones', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Kirsten Donovan', '23 billion euros', '18 billion euros', '14.6 billion euros', '2 billion euros', '474 million euros', '10 billion euros', 'dollar terms', 'Refinitiv Lipper', 'UK capital', 'UK stocks', 'BREXIT DISCOUNT', 'record discount', 'Refinitiv data', 'two IPOs', 'More IPOs', 'smaller companies', 'world stocks', 'Luxurious Paris', 'Bye London', 'Energy-heavy London', 'PRICE RETURNS', 'UK companies', '0.9658 euros', '11 IPOs', 'Reuters', 'size', 'popularity', 'money', 'hands', 'France', 'demand', 'gap', 'Britain', 'chart', 'number', 'last', 'Dealogic', '41 debuts', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'LONDON-PARISIPO', 'amount', 'eToro', 'half', 'LVMH', 'comparison', 'Blackrock', 'way', 'October', 'Frankfurt', 'klpygkqbdpg', 'DIVIDENDS', 'seven', 'minus', 'currency', 'play', 'Sterling', 'Tokyo', 'Editing']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,money.usnews.com
13854,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@ReturnsJourney @HariSeldomRight @GlobalStockPick Any chance Euronext buys them?,nan,@ReturnsJourney @HariSeldomRight @GlobalStockPick Any chance Euronext buys them?,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ReturnsJourney', 'HariSeldomRight', 'GlobalStockPick', 'chance', 'Euronext', 'ReturnsJourney', 'HariSeldomRight', 'GlobalStockPick', 'chance', 'Euronext']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13855,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext wheat fell on Monday as last week's export-fuelled strength in front-month futures subsided and attention… https://t.co/SAvuxA35hW,nan,Euronext wheat fell on Monday as last week's export-fuelled strength in front-month futures subsided and attention… https://t.co/SAvuxA35hW,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,neutral,0.09,0.88,0.03,True,English,"['Euronext wheat', 'last week', 'export-fuelled strength', 'front-month futures', 'Monday', 'attention', 'SAvuxA35hW', 'Euronext wheat', 'last week', 'export-fuelled strength', 'front-month futures', 'Monday', 'attention', 'SAvuxA35hW']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13856,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Service Alerts - Data Outage - Euronext - Irish Main Securities Market - Open,nan,Service Alerts - Data Outage - Euronext - Irish Main Securities Market - Open,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Irish Main Securities Market', 'Service Alerts', 'Data Outage', 'Euronext', 'Irish Main Securities Market', 'Service Alerts', 'Data Outage', 'Euronext']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13857,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 669 42 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/82znyPsrY9,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 669 42 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/82znyPsrY9,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'znyPsrY9', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'znyPsrY9']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
13858,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,2CRSi : Transfert effectif des titres sur Euronext Growth Parishttps://t.co/ReEtwOqFWO#bourse,nan,2CRSi : Transfert effectif des titres sur Euronext Growth Parishttps://t.co/ReEtwOqFWO#bourse,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris', '2CRSi', 'Transfert', 'titres', 'bourse', 'Euronext Growth Paris', '2CRSi', 'Transfert', 'titres', 'bourse']",2022-11-28,2022-11-28,Unknown
