UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
54079,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/629172-france-frozen-assets/,France won’t let EU seize chunk of frozen Russian funds – FT,Paris has reportedly sought to conceal the private banks holding the world’s second-largest pool of frozen Russian state funds Read Full Article at RT.com,Paris has reportedly opposed using money held in private French banks to finance KievFrance does not want to seize frozen Russian state assets held in private French banks  the Financial Times reported on Monday  citing sources.While officials in Paris support the European Commission’s plan for a “reparations loan” for Ukraine they also oppose any scheme that would draw on Russian money held at commercial banks  arguing those lenders are bound by different contractual obligations than Euroclear  the outlet said.Last week  European Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen set out two options to provide Kiev with €90 billion ($105 billion) over the next two years: EU-level borrowing backed by the bloc’s budget  or a long-debated “reparations loan” backed by profits from the blocked assets that would require institutions holding Russian cash to transfer it into a new loan vehicle.For more than two years  France has declined to name the private banks holding about €18 billion  according to European parliament research  in Russian assets  citing client confidentiality – a stance that has angered some other EU governments  the newspaper said.Paris has also withheld details on how any interest accrued on the funds is being used.The Russian assets in France represent the second-largest tranche in the bloc  behind €185 billion held at privately-owned Belgian firm  Euroclear.The controversial EU-backed 'loan' scheme has been criticized by several EU members. Belgium has warned that an outright confiscation would pose legal and security risks. Other major holders of Russian assets  including Luxembourg and Germany  also oppose a seizure  along with Italy  Hungary and Slovakia.Recent media reports have said the US is lobbying several EU members to block plans to use frozen assets as collateral for the €140 billion loan to Ukraine  arguing the funds should be kept as leverage in peace talks with Kiev and Moscow. Politico earlier reported that Washington wants the EU to return the money once Russia signs a peace agreement with Ukraine.Russia has condemned any use of its sovereign assets as theft and warned of legal action and retaliation.,neutral,0.01,0.54,0.45,negative,0.0,0.3,0.7,True,English,"['Russian funds', 'France', 'EU', 'chunk', 'frozen', 'FT', 'European Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen', ""controversial EU-backed 'loan' scheme"", 'frozen Russian state assets', 'European parliament research', 'different contractual obligations', 'privately-owned Belgian firm', 'Other major holders', 'Recent media reports', 'new loan vehicle', 'other EU governments', 'several EU members', 'private French banks', 'next two years', 'private banks', 'frozen assets', 'reparations loan', '€140 billion loan', 'commercial banks', 'Russian assets', 'two options', 'Russian cash', 'sovereign assets', 'Financial Times', 'EU-level borrowing', 'client confidentiality', 'second-largest tranche', 'outright confiscation', 'security risks', 'peace talks', 'peace agreement', 'Russian money', 'legal action', 'Paris', 'Kiev', 'France', 'Monday', 'sources', 'officials', 'plan', 'Ukraine', 'lenders', 'Euroclear', 'outlet', 'bloc', 'budget', 'profits', 'institutions', 'stance', 'newspaper', 'details', 'interest', 'funds', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Germany', 'seizure', 'Italy', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'collateral', 'leverage', 'Moscow', 'Politico', 'Washington', 'use', 'theft', 'retaliation']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,rt.com
54080,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rte.ie/news/ukraine/2025/1208/1547802-ukraine-russia/,Zelensky to meet European allies after Trump criticism,Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky is due to meet European allies in London today  after US President Donald Trump accused him of not reading the US proposal to end the war with Russia.,"Ukraine will share a revised peace plan with the US tomorrow aimed at ending Russia's war  after talks in London between President Volodymyr Zelensky and the leaders of France  Germany and Britain.As the war nears its four-year mark  Kyiv  under pressure from the White House to agree quickly to a peace settlement  wants to balance out a US-backed draft that was widely seen as favourable to Moscow.The hastily arranged meeting among British Prime Minister Keir Starmer  French President Emmanuel Macron  German Chancellor Friedrich Merz and Mr Zelensky aimed to strengthen Ukraine's hand.Mr Zelensky told reporters after the meeting that the revised plan comprised 20 points  but that there was still no agreement on the issue of giving up territory - which Moscow has pushed for.No agreement on ceding Ukrainian land to Russia""The mood of the Americans  in principle  is for finding a compromise "" he said. ""Of course  there are complex issues related to the territory  and a compromise has not yet been found there.""He repeated his oft-stated position that Ukraine cannot give up any part of its land.Earlier  a British government source had said today's meeting would focus on using the value of Russian assets frozen in the West.Mr Starmer  Mr Macron  Mr Merz and Mr Zelensky are also aiming to get US security guarantees to help deter any further attacks from Russia  which launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in February 2022.Keir Starmer welcomes the Ukrainian President to Downing StreetThe publication of a US ceasefire plan last month has gone some way to focus the minds of European leaders  who fear that Kyiv could be forced to accept many Russian demands  which some say could destabilise the continent.But although US officials said they were in the final stage of reaching an agreement  there has so far been little sign that either Ukraine or Russia is willing to sign the framework deal drawn up by Mr Trump's negotiators.""We stand with Ukraine and  if there was to be a ceasefire  it has to be a just and lasting ceasefire "" Mr Starmer said  after welcoming the leaders to his Downing Street residence.Mr Macron and Mr Merz also expressed their determination to press on with a firm plan  at a time the German chancellor described as ""Decisive ... for all of us"".Mr Zelensky pointed to the delicate balancing act the European powers need to strike as they try to negotiate better terms to the proposed US plan: ""There are some things we can't manage without the Americans  things we can't manage without Europe; that's why we need to make some important decisions.""Zelensky sets out Ukraine's prioritiesMr Zelensky told Ukrainians in a video address late on Sunday that a ""new diplomatic week"" was starting.""First and foremost  security issues  support for our resilience  and support packages for our defence. First and foremost  air defence and long-term funding for Ukraine. Of course  we will discuss a shared vision and common positions in the negotiations "" he said.Ukraine is enduring one of its toughest periods of the war. Russian troops are grinding forward in the east  and Ukrainian cities and towns are suffering hours of power cuts due to intensified Russian strikes on the energy grid and other crucial infrastructure.Donald Trump said he was 'disappointed' with Volodymyr Zelensky for not accepting the proposalsMr Trump's envoy Steve Witkoff and son-in-law Jared Kushner brought a revised plan to Moscow last week  then held several more days of talks with Ukrainian officials in Miami  which ended on Saturday with no breakthrough.Mr Zelensky called the discussions constructive but not easy.Mr Trump said on Sunday he was ""disappointed"" with Mr Zelensky  accusing him of not having read the latest proposals backed by the US.Taoiseach signs joint letter supporting using frozen Russian assets to underwrite Ukraine loanMeanwhile  Taoiseach Micheál Martin has signed a joint letter strongly supporting the use of frozen Russian assets to underwrite a multi-billion euro loan to Ukraine.A proposal to convert up to €210bn in Russian assets into a long term loan to meet Ukraine's budgetary and military needs in the coming years is being assessed by member states ahead of a summit of EU leaders in Brussels on 18 December.Belgium remains opposed to the plan  fearing retaliation and legal claims by Russia. The bulk of immobilised assets in Europe are held by the Belgian securities depository  Euroclear.In a joint letter to European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and European Council President António Costa  seven EU leaders  including the Taoiseach  warn that ""time is of the essence"" and that the use of Russian assets was ""the most financially feasible and politically realistic solution  [as] it addresses the fundamental principle of Ukraine's right to compensation for damages caused by the [Russian] aggression.""The letter  seen by RTÉ News  was also signed by the leaders of Poland  Sweden  Latvia  Estonia  Lithuania and Finland.It states that the EU's steadfast support for Ukraine was both the morally right thing to do and because ""Russia’s imperialist ambitions threaten the security of Europe beyond Ukraine.""The leaders add: ""Considering the scale and urgency of Ukraine’s budgetary and military needs  we strongly support the Commission’s proposal of a reparations loan funded by the cash balances from the immobilised Russian assets in the EU.""""By reaching a decision on the Reparations Loan at the European Council in December we have the opportunity of putting Ukraine in a stronger position to defend itself and a better position to negotiate a just and lasting peace.""Additional reporting Tony Connelly  PALatest Ukraine stories",negative,0.02,0.45,0.53,mixed,0.06,0.27,0.67,True,English,"['European allies', 'Trump criticism', 'Zelensky', 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen', 'British Prime Minister Keir Starmer', 'President António Costa', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'Taoiseach Micheál Martin', 'German Chancellor Friedrich Merz', 'British government source', 'delicate balancing act', 'new diplomatic week', 'other crucial infrastructure', 'Belgian securities depository', 'multi-billion euro loan', 'long term loan', 'President Volodymyr Zelensky', 'foremost, security issues', 'many Russian demands', 'US security guarantees', 'Downing Street residence', 'frozen Russian assets', 'seven EU leaders', 'revised peace plan', 'Ukrainian President', 'US ceasefire plan', 'European powers', 'European Council', 'European leaders', 'Mr Starmer', 'Mr Macron', 'Mr Merz', 'peace settlement', 'complex issues', 'Russian troops', 'Russian strikes', 'immobilised assets', 'Russian] aggression', 'four-year mark', 'White House', 'US-backed draft', 'Mr Zelensky', 'full-scale invasion', 'US officials', 'final stage', 'little sign', 'framework deal', 'Mr Trump', 'lasting ceasefire', 'important decisions', 'video address', 'long-term funding', 'common positions', 'toughest periods', 'Ukrainian cities', 'power cuts', 'energy grid', 'Donald Trump', 'Steve Witkoff', 'Jared Kushner', 'Ukrainian officials', 'military needs', 'coming years', 'member states', 'legal claims', 'realistic solution', 'RTÉ News', 'firm plan', 'US plan', 'joint letter', 'Ukraine loan', 'support packages', 'steadfast support', 'Ukrainian land', 'air defence', 'latest proposals', 'fundamental principle', 'war', 'talks', 'London', 'France', 'Germany', 'Britain', 'Kyiv', 'pressure', 'Moscow', 'meeting', 'hand', 'reporters', '20 points', 'agreement', 'territory', 'mood', 'Americans', 'compromise', 'part', 'value', 'West', 'attacks', 'February', 'publication', 'way', 'minds', 'continent', 'negotiators', 'just', 'determination', 'time', 'terms', 'things', 'priorities', 'Ukrainians', 'Sunday', 'First', 'resilience', 'vision', 'negotiations', 'east', 'towns', 'hours', 'envoy', 'son', 'law', 'several', 'days', 'Miami', 'Saturday', 'breakthrough', 'discussions', 'budgetary', 'summit', 'Brussels', '18 December', 'Belgium', 'retaliation', 'bulk', 'Euroclear', 'essence', 'feasible', 'right', 'compensation', 'damages', 'Poland', 'Sweden', 'Latvia', 'Estonia', 'Lithuania', 'Finland']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,rte.ie
54081,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.nakedcapitalism.com/2025/12/revulsion-la-grande-bouffe-and-the-spectacle-of-grotesque-elite-self-and-system-destruction.html,Revulsion  La Grande Bouffe  and the Spectacle of Grotesque Elite Self and System Destruction,Why our elites  starting with the top ranks in the Trump Administration  are disgusting.,I’ve been having trouble being motivated to post of late. It’s not writer’s block; I’ve never been subject to that. Nor is it a want of topics. I just tossed a post idea  shredding a Financial Times exercise in propaganda masquerading as a “Big Read” on the Ukraine war  to another writer  who quickly took it up. Similarly  there is so much wrong about the recently-published National Security Strategy that it has elicited a boatload of commentary  with only a limited amount of overlap in critiques.1 Or how about the ridiculous Trump/Bessent idea that a pep talk from them will get consumers to ignore the budget stresses they feel every day?But I realized that the root of my resistance to writing was a deeper emotional reaction: revulsion. Revulsion at the wanton destructiveness of our soi-disant betters  who are smashing lives and institutions and countries out of entitlement  hubris  laziness  and incompetence. I grew up at the tail end of the era where most communities were led in large measure by local elites  WASP-y men who resisted letting others into their clubs. But nevertheless  they generally accepted the idea of noblesse oblige: that they needed to keep up appearances of legitimacy  which meant taking some interest in the welfare of the societies in which they lived  and looking like they deserved the mantle of leadership (as in no visible cheating on cards or in their business/personal affairs).Many in the crosshairs of today’s grossly derelict leadership don’t have luxury of having disgust as their strongest emotional response. They often report fear  anger  and despair at everything from the loss of jobs to essential benefits like healthcare and medication to threats to personal safety from ICE raids to in the UK incarceration for support for Palestine  or a gnawing sense of impending doom on many fronts  from climate change to AI eating all the jawbs to Social Security and other nations’ pension systems being on the chopping block. And for those who have felt revulsion  above all at the genocide in Gaza  there have been some outlets for action even if they have so far had limited effect  namely protests and supporting BDS.But what is disturbing is the underlying  pervasive nihilism in the reckless disregard for the well-being of populations and institutions. Trump’s National Security screed prattles on about ushering in a golden age (for him  perhaps) and seeing “to remain the world’s most scientifically and technologically advanced and innovative country” after launching an ideological war on universities  slashing science funding  and actively driving out foreign students and academics. This isn’t eating America’s seed corn; it’s setting a bonfire to it. You can’t blame this level of stupidity on late-stage capitalism; it’s breaking things because he and his lot can and think they will show the former guard a thing or two. Yes they are  but not in the way they tell themselves. If things were working out all that well for the elites  would they need as many panic rooms? Bunkers in far-away places? And let us not forget that highly unequal societies impose a lifespan cost even on those at the top.On the other side of the pond  leaders like Keir Starmer and Freidrich Merz are wrecking their social orders by doubling down on militarization and de-industrialization rather than renounce their deep personal commitments to Project Ukraine. President Johnson had the decency not to seek a second term when he realized voters had turned against him over his support for the war in Vietnam. They could even have ju-jitsued Trump by not only following his lead in trying to end the Ukraine conflict but going one further: “If we are going to normalize relations with Russia  why do we need to spend 5% of our GDPs on defense? Wouldn’t 2% to 3% suffice?” Instead  we are subjected to Ursula von der Leyen defying not just Euroclear and the Belgian government  but also the ECB and the IMF in trying to grab frozen Russian assets….which would only enable a limited prolongation of the war yet would severely damage Europe’s status as a safe place to do business and likely the value of the euro.I suspect those who have had similar reactions to mine have different triggers. For instance  the interviewees on Judge Napolitano skew to those with military and intel experience. Many seemed to recoil at the Hegseth-Trump trying to evoke the movie Patton in speeches both gave at Quantico to an unprecedented assemblage of generals and flag officers  where the purpose seemed to be to rant about DEI and niceties like observing modern norms and rules for conducting war. That reaction in that cohort seems to have intensified over the Administration blowing up boats of Venezuelan fisherman to compensate for its impotence in assassinating or otherwise removing President Maduro. For instance:Rep. Jim Himes (D-Conn.) said the video of the September 2 strike on an alleged narco boat is “one of the most troubling things” he’s seen during his time in public service. READ MORE: https://t.co/M6F0E97ikh #hegseth #venezuela #boatstrike #news #politics pic.twitter.com/Oi6x2WYjA3 — The National Desk (@TND) December 5  2025Now to La Grande Bouffe  a 1973 film which achieved its aim of being utterly revolting. It shows four well-off men who decided to kill themselves by overeating and how they went about it.2 I must confess to never having seen the film3 but reviews give an idea of how gross the movie was (the trailer opts for being wry). First from Wikipedia:The film tells the story of four friends who gather in a villa for the weekend  with the express purpose of eating themselves to death.. The first protagonist is Ugo  owner and chef of a restaurant  “The Biscuit Soup”. The second is Philippe  a somewhat important magistrate who still lives with his childhood nanny  Nicole  who is overprotective of him to the point of trying to prevent him from having relationships with other women  and who fulfills her own sexual needs with him. The third character is Marcello  an Alitalia pilot and womaniser. The fourth and final main character is Michel  who is an effeminate television producer. The four come together by car to the beautifully furnished but unused villa owned by Philippe. There they find the old caretaker  Hector  who has innocently prepared everything for the great feast…. The first to die is Marcello  after being enraged with his own impotence; he goes to the toilet and causes the sanitary pipes to explode….He becomes exasperated  and realizing the futility of the farce  decides to leave the house at night during a snow storm  in the old Bugatti that he had repaired earlier in the day with great delight. His friends find him the next morning  frozen to death in the driving seat… After Marcello comes Michel…Already suffering from indigestion and crammed to capacity with food (he cannot even lift his legs practising dance  his favourite pastime)  he suffers an attack of bowel movements while playing the piano. Amid flatulence and worse  he is finally able to let it all go  and collapses on the terrace… Ugo prepares an enormous dish made from three different types of liver pâté in the shape of the Dome of Les Invalides  which he serves to the remaining diners  Philippe and Andrea  in the kitchen in view of the two dead friends… Philippe and Andrea cannot bring themselves to eat it. Philippe goes off to bed  leaving Andrea to keep Ugo company during his determined effort to eat the entire pâté. Some time later  she later calls Philippe back downstairs to help her stop his friend from stuffing himself to death. They cannot dissuade Ugo  and end up attending to him on the kitchen table  the one feeding him  the other masturbating him until he orgasms and dies at the same time…. The last to die is the diabetic Philippe  on the bench under the lime-tree of Boileau and into the arms of Andrea  after eating a pudding she has made shaped like a pair of breasts.And from Wies Sanders in 50 years La Grande Bouffe:The film La Grande Bouffe is a cynical indictment of the unforeseen negative consequences of the Trente Glorieuses  a period without war  but also without tradition or meaning. In the film  four highly educated  rich white men eat themselves to death. They don’t do much more than that and they do it without apparent reasons or a preconceived purpose. It simply arises from a decadent boredom that naturally accelerates and can only be stopped by death. Freed from norms and traditions  the four men appear unable to cope with the resulting meaninglessness. Boundless hedonism may initially seem like heaven  but in reality turns out to be hell.It was a high-grossing film in France and did indeed deeply offend many:And actress Andréa Ferréol says: “For months  restaurateurs told us that they refused to serve us. One evening I was at an Italian restaurant with a friend. A few customers stood up and the man came over and said  “Since you’re here  ma’am  I’m leaving!”” It is not surprising: the film shows many taboos: waste  excess  shit  vomit  boredom  nudity and whores.I supposed the reason for connecting my having hit disgust overload to La Grand Bouffe is of informational force-feeding  like a duck being noodled  and that it’s getting worse. I’m not alone in seeing the Administration’s offenses becoming more frequent and intense. Sections from a new must-read piece by Andrew Coyne  Donald Trump – and American democracy – is getting exponentially worse  in the Globe and Mail (hat tip Dr. Kevin):A point I have tried to make over the last year or so is that Donald Trump can only get worse: that however corrupt or incompetent or dictatorial or treasonous or insane he may appear at any given moment  it will inevitably come to be seen as a relative golden age beside what is to come. There is a reason for this. It is that he can only stir the media and establishment outrage on which both he and his supporters thrive if he behaves even worse than we are accustomed to him behaving. It is not enough to say or do some appalling thing  even if it would have ended the career of any previous politician. He does that  quite literally  several times a day. Rather  he must exceed expectations of his grotesquerie. His critics’ dilemma – how to sustain outrage in the face of the constant  numbing  normalizing stream of objectively outrageous conduct – is also  in a way  his…. What I had not anticipated was the second derivative. After a time  that is  people come to expect  not just bad behaviour  but steadily worsening behaviour. So to keep feeding his outrage addiction  Mr. Trump’s behaviour not only has to keep getting worse  but to do so at an ever accelerating rate. And  I suppose  the rate of acceleration must also increase  and the rate of acceleration of the rate of acceleration  and so on. We are in a kind of hyperinflation of presidential derangement  an exponential curve asymptotically approaching Nero.Contra La Grande Bouffe  our narcissistic misleadership class members would never set out to kill themselves. But their orgiastic love of power  unbounded by any deep sense of purpose or responsibility  is producing similar outcomes for their rule  their records  and their nations. How can they  for instance  have failed to subdue Russia and not exhibit any interest in getting facts as to why their schemes have not worked? How can they still be relying on Ukraine propaganda? Hadn’t the mystery of Putin and Russia unbowed elicited some doubt and resulting sanity-checking?Admittedly  one reason is the way that very same narcissism has produced deep embubblement  that they have surrounded themselves with toadies who won’t tell them that it’s painfully obvious that they are amateurs  way out of their depth. Consider this wince in comments from Aurelien about the then 28-point peace plan:And I just have to say that every time I look at this list I’m astonished by how amateurish it is. It’s not simply that the US is trying to commit other nations  and international organisations  to things  but most of the points are political commitments which may be reversed at any time  and some things are simply wrong: there’s no question of Ukraine signing the NPT  it did that in 1993. And a “security guarantee” for Ukraine would be meaningless unless it were backed by military force  which is the one thing the West doesn’t have. The whole thing is so unprofessional  it hurts.And to turn to a completely different sort of lack of reality among those who should know better  consider AI. I had mistakenly thought of it as a mere equity mania  which means it could produce a serious economic downdraft but not a financial crisis. But the fact that major players are using off-balance sheet vehicles to borrow changes the picture completely. A meltdown or Japan-style deflation/zombification are all too possible. And the US does not begin to have Japan’s level of social cohesion.It may seem unduly finance-fixated to be concerned about the level of capital destruction  but again  the Great Depression  Japan  and the long-term consequences of the bank-sparing response to 2008 (in particular  the continued great increase in inequality) show these unwinds harm (pretty much) all of society. And if the AI touts are actually proven correct  we can look forward to the AI-induced dislocation of high unemployment among the educated.Ed Zitron provides a good review of his extensive writings on how the AI hype  particularly its economics  don’t begin to add up.One particularly important tidbit  that many of the chips purchased are apparently being warehoused. And GPUs are on a planned one-year development cycle  with maybe 3 years of use. They are wasting assets. At 24:25.Newsweek: What happens if what happens when the music stops? Zitron: Well  there are a few problems. So  first of all  there there’s this stat that came out. I think it’s reaffirmed by a professor as well where it was AI capex and spend on data centers accounted for more of GDP growth in the first half of this year than all consumer spending combined. That’s incredible because our entire economy is predicated on consumer spending which is what’s crazier though is Nvidia claimed about a month ago that they’ve shipped 6 million Blackwell GPUs. That’s the newest generation. Now I went and did the maths on this. It’s about 6 GW to 12 GW of IT load  which just means power. We haven’t built that many data centers. We haven’t even built a quarter of that. So  not only is the biggest company on the stock market only getting there because of selling GPUs  but I’m suspicious as to whether those GPUs have gone anywhere  whether those GPUs are they’re not in data centers. The data centers don’t exist. The power doesn’t exist  but the physical data centers don’t either. So 6 million of these bloody things holding up our markets  they’re sitting in warehouses.And at 48:05:Zitron: But a really simple thing is when there’s enough money and a good justification of something  you don’t have to like get the runes and the spells out. You don’t have to get a shaman. You don’t need a wizard to conjure the money up and create some obtuse debt vehicle. If it if this was the future  why isn’t it on your balance sheet  mate? And the answer is Meta makes no money from AI. Zip. They all it does is… Newsweek: They make money from ads just like they have been for whatever 10 years. Zitron: They’re claiming  oh  we’ve seen 5% increase from generative AI ads. Bull  I’m sorry. Show me actual numeric like money. Money. Show me the money. And they never will. They never will. They changed how they met Meta changed I think late last year from how they measure active users. It’s like daily active people now. They moved the around. Newsweek: It’s like how Netflix does it with like the watching hours or they all move. It’s all fake. Zitron: It is. And but on top of this  it’s all fake but used to buy because all these companies Microsoft  Meta  Google  they used to be awesome because awesome financially  I guess  because their cash flow was just there and they didn’t sink hundreds of billions of dollars into GPU. They weren’t asset heavy. Now they’re asset heavy businesses. Software is meant to proliferate endlessly…And now they’re just attached to a bunch of GPUs. They Microsoft owns hundreds of thousands of old generation GPUs. There’s a thing called an impairment. When something loses its value  you have to mark it down. One of those is coming for all of them cuz they all own A100 GPUs  H100 GPUs  the ones that came out in 2020 and 2021. >> And those are just basically paper weights now. >> Well  they still work. They still work  but not for like not for long. And also  if they still work way behind the new ones  it there’s it’s not really clear why anyone’s doing anything.A confirming tidbit:This is the AI revolution in a nutshell: – Only ~10% of the committed data center build outs are actually underway– Circular financing is being used to manufacture demand– Data centers are already waiting years for grid access– Gas turbine order books are beyond production… pic.twitter.com/gAY59fLWHd — Lukas Ekwueme (@ekwufinance) December 5  2025As you know  the foregoing is only a tiny subset of the official sadism and stupidity. ICE raids. Crypto grifting. Indifference to the baked-in health train wreck in 2026 due to premium increases. Tariff-induced cost increases wrecking small businesses. Trump’s ongoing petty vengefulness.So I understand why some of you feel the need to take news breaks. But remember  if we don’t keep watching and make what noise we can  things get worse at an even faster rate. Trump for all his bunkering still apparently cares about polls  so noticing and amplifying evidence of his Administration’s incompetence and corruption does have an impact.So resort to your preferred remedy  be it a stiff drink  exercise  meditation  or binge watching cat videos  and steel your nerves.________1 Amusingly  the documents lists Cambodia and Thailand as the first of the spots where Trump asserts that he “negotiated peace”. From the Bangkok Post PM promises ‘necessary military response’ to Cambodian attacks  followed by the breaking story in the Nikkei: Thai military launches airstrikes on Cambodia as cross-border clashes erupt2 Only three succeeded; one froze to death.3 It did not make it to the art house theater in Yellow Springs  where I regularly went with my debate team buddies in high school.,neutral,0.01,0.87,0.12,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['La Grande Bouffe', 'Grotesque Elite Self', 'System Destruction', 'Revulsion', 'Spectacle', 'Ursula von der Leyen', 'other nations’ pension systems', 'Financial Times exercise', 'strongest emotional response', 'underlying, pervasive nihilism', 'Rep. Jim Himes', 'deep personal commitments', 'ridiculous Trump/Bessent idea', 'deeper emotional reaction', 'many panic rooms', 'National Security Strategy', 'other side', 'personal safety', 'Social Security', 'post idea', 'limited amount', 'pep talk', 'budget stresses', 'wanton destructiveness', 'tail end', 'most communities', 'large measure', 'visible cheating', 'business/personal affairs', 'essential benefits', 'ICE raids', 'UK incarceration', 'gnawing sense', 'impending doom', 'many fronts', 'climate change', 'limited effect', 'reckless disregard', 'golden age', 'innovative country', 'science funding', 'foreign students', 'seed corn', 'late-stage capitalism', 'former guard', 'lifespan cost', 'Keir Starmer', 'Freidrich Merz', 'social orders', 'Project Ukraine', 'President Johnson', 'second term', 'Ukraine conflict', 'Belgian government', 'Russian assets', 'limited prolongation', 'safe place', 'similar reactions', 'different triggers', 'Judge Napolitano', 'intel experience', 'movie Patton', 'unprecedented assemblage', 'flag officers', 'modern norms', 'Venezuelan fisherman', 'President Maduro', 'September 2 strike', 'narco boat', 'public service', 'Big Read', 'local elites', 'derelict leadership', 'chopping block', 'unequal societies', 'Ukraine war', 'ideological war', 'troubling things', 'trouble', 'writer', 'topics', 'propaganda', 'boatload', 'commentary', 'overlap', 'critiques', 'consumers', 'root', 'resistance', 'writing', 'revulsion', 'betters', 'lives', 'institutions', 'countries', 'entitlement', 'hubris', 'laziness', 'incompetence', 'WASP', 'others', 'clubs', 'noblesse', 'appearances', 'legitimacy', 'interest', 'welfare', 'mantle', 'cards', 'crosshairs', 'today', 'luxury', 'disgust', 'fear', 'anger', 'despair', 'everything', 'loss', 'jobs', 'healthcare', 'medication', 'threats', 'support', 'Palestine', 'jawbs', 'genocide', 'Gaza', 'outlets', 'protests', 'BDS', 'well-being', 'populations', 'prattles', 'world', 'universities', 'academics', 'America', 'bonfire', 'level', 'stupidity', 'lot', 'way', 'Bunkers', 'places', 'pond', 'militarization', 'de-industrialization', 'decency', 'voters', 'Vietnam', 'relations', 'GDPs', 'defense', 'Euroclear', 'ECB', 'IMF', 'frozen', 'Europe', 'status', 'value', 'instance', 'interviewees', 'military', 'Hegseth-Trump', 'speeches', 'Quantico', 'generals', 'purpose', 'DEI', 'niceties', 'rules', 'cohort', 'Administration', 'boats', 'impotence', 'D-Conn.', 'video', 'alleged', 'M6F0E97ikh', 'news', 'politics']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,nakedcapitalism.com
54082,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201773/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-November-30-2025.html,BUREAU VERITAS: Number of shares and voting rights as of November 30  2025,REGULATED INFORMATION  Courbevoie  France – December 8  2025  Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16 of the...,REGULATED INFORMATIONCourbevoie  France – December 8  2025Information on number of shares and voting rights as stipulated by article 223-16 of the general regulations of the French financial markets authority AMFIssuer: Bureau VeritasDate Number of shares (1) Number of voting rights 30/11/2025 453 916 256Theoretical number of voting rights: 560 890 697Number of exercisable voting rights: 550 627 131(1) including the new shares issued in Euroclear as a result of the exercise of stock options since January 1  2025  if any.Bureau Veritas Head Office Tel: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 00 Société Anonyme Tour Alto Fax: + 33 (0)1 55 24 70 01 (Limited liability corporation) 4  Place des Saisons www.bureauveritas.com Share capital of EUR 54 464 582.40 92400 Courbevoie RCS Nanterre 775 690 621 FranceAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['BUREAU VERITAS', 'voting rights', 'Number', 'shares', 'November', 'Société Anonyme Tour Alto Fax', 'French financial markets authority', 'Bureau Veritas Head Office', 'Limited liability corporation', 'Place des Saisons', '92400 Courbevoie RCS Nanterre', 'exercisable voting rights', 'general regulations', 'AMF Issuer', 'stock options', 'Share capital', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'France Attachment', 'Date Number', 'Theoretical number', 'new shares', 'December', 'article', 'Euroclear', 'result', 'exercise', 'January', 'bureauveritas', '33', '1']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54083,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201213/0/en/SHELL-PLC-THIRD-QUARTER-2025-EURO-AND-GBP-EQUIVALENT-DIVIDEND-PAYMENTS.html,SHELL PLC THIRD QUARTER 2025 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS,SHELL PLC THIRD QUARTER 2025 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS  December 8  2025  The Board of Shell plc today announced the pounds sterling and...,SHELL PLC THIRD QUARTER 2025 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTSDecember 8  2025The Board of Shell plc today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the third quarter 2025 interim dividend  which was announced on October 30  2025 at US$0.358 per ordinary share.Shareholders have been able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling. Holders of ordinary shares who have validly submitted US dollars  euros or pounds sterling currency elections by November 28  2025 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.358  €0.3070 or 26.85p per ordinary share  respectively.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros at the euro rate per ordinary share shown above. Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling  at the pound sterling rate per ordinary share shown above.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from December 3 to December 5  2025. This dividend will be payable on December 18  2025 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on November 14  2025.Taxation - cash dividendIf you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.EnquiriesMedia: International +44 (0) 207 934 5550; U.S. and Canada: https://www.shell.us/about-us/news-and-insights/media/submit-an-inquiry.htmlCAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience to reference Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. The terms “joint venture”  “joint operations”  “joint arrangements”  and “associates” may also be used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking statementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”; “ambition”; ‘‘anticipate’’; “aspire”; “aspiration”; ‘‘believe’’; “commit”; “commitment”; ‘‘could’’; “desire”; ‘‘estimate’’; ‘‘expect’’; ‘‘goals’’; ‘‘intend’’; ‘‘may’’; “milestones”; ‘‘objectives’’; ‘‘outlook’’; ‘‘plan’’; ‘‘probably’’; ‘‘project’’; ‘‘risks’’; “schedule”; ‘‘seek’’; ‘‘should’’; ‘‘target’’; “vision”; ‘‘will’’; “would” and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks  including climate change; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including tariffs and regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  regional conflicts  such as the Russia-Ukraine war and the conflict in the Middle East  and a significant cyber security  data privacy or IT incident; (n) the pace of the energy transition; and (o) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F and amendment thereto for the year ended December 31  2024 (available at www.shell.com/investors/news-and-filings/sec-filings.html and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  December 8  2025. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon intensityAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “net carbon intensity” (NCI)  which includes Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell’s NCI also includes the emissions associated with the production and use of energy products produced by others which Shell purchases for resale. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the terms Shell’s “net carbon intensity” or NCI is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-zero emissions targetShell’s operating plan and outlook are forecasted for a three-year period and ten-year period  respectively  and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next three and ten years. Accordingly  the outlook reflects our Scope 1  Scope 2 and NCI targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plan and outlook cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target  as this target is outside our planning period. Such future operating plans and outlooks could include changes to our portfolio  efficiency improvements and the use of carbon capture and storage and carbon credits. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans and outlooks to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as adjusted earnings and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F and any amendment thereto  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec.gov.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.24,0.53,True,English,"['SHELL PLC THIRD QUARTER', 'GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS', 'EURO', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'third quarter 2025 interim dividend', 'GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS', 'different currency election date', 'SHELL PLC THIRD QUARTER', 'three dealing days', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'sterling currency elections', 'pound sterling rate', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'securities account', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'nominee arrangement', 'valid election', 'election deadline', 'third-party interest', 'commercial arrangement', 'joint venture', 'joint arrangements', 'Shell interest', 'market risks', 'The Board', 'ordinary share', 'US dollars', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'uncertificated form', 'cash dividend', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'Enquiries Media', 'useful purpose', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'price fluctuations', 'crude oil', 'natural gas', 'joint operations', 'pounds sterling', 'euro rate', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'future operations', 'sterling dividends', 'Forward-Looking statements', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'particular entity', 'actual results', 'CREST members', 'similar terms', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'other shareholders', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'shares', 'respect', 'October', 'euros', 'November', 'contrary', 'persons', 'average', 'December', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'bank', 'broker', 'International', 'Canada', 'news', 'insights', 'inquiry', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'general', 'words', 'control', 'associates', 'one', 'parties', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'aspiration', 'commit', 'goals', 'objectives', 'plan', 'schedule', 'target', 'vision', 'number', 'factors', 'limitation', 'changes', 'demand', 'products']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54084,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unilever-completes-ice-cream-demerger-074334726.html,Unilever completes ice cream demerger with Magnum set to list,LONDON  Dec 8 (Reuters) - The Magnum Ice Cream Company is set to finalise its long-awaited spinoff from Unilever on Monday with an Amsterdam listing that...,"LONDON  Dec 8 (Reuters) - The Magnum Ice Cream Company is set to finalise ​its long-awaited spinoff from Unilever on ‌Monday with an Amsterdam listing that will test investors' ‌sweet tooth.Unilever is shedding a business unit whose cold supply chain offered few synergies with other food brands in its portfolio  let ⁠alone Dove soap ‌and Axe deodorant  while Magnum is counting on a pure focus ‍on ice cream to unlock dormant productivity benefits.Unilever on Monday said it had completed the demerger ​on December 6 and expected to announce ‌the share consolidation ration later in the day.Magnum  now the world's largest standalone ice cream business and home to brands including Wall's  Ben & Jerry's and Cornetto  said it had ⁠received admission to list on ​Amsterdam's Euronext  the London ​Stock Exchange and New York Stock Exchange.Magnum CEO Peter ter Kulve said ‍that the ⁠company hit a ""proud milestone"" on Monday and would be ""more agile  more focused  and more ⁠ambitious than ever"" as an independent listed company.(Reporting ‌by Alexander Marrow and Dimitri Rhodes; ‌Editing by Bernadette Baum)",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['ice cream demerger', 'Unilever', 'Magnum', 'Magnum CEO Peter ter Kulve', 'largest standalone ice cream business', 'The Magnum Ice Cream Company', 'New York Stock Exchange', ""investors' \u200csweet tooth"", 'cold supply chain', 'dormant productivity benefits', 'share consolidation ration', 'London \u200bStock Exchange', 'independent listed company', 'other food brands', 'business unit', 'Dove soap', 'Axe deodorant', 'pure focus', 'proud milestone', 'Alexander Marrow', 'Dimitri Rhodes', 'Bernadette Baum', 'Amsterdam listing', '\u200bAmsterdam', 'Reuters', 'spinoff', 'Unilever', '\u200cMonday', 'synergies', 'portfolio', 'demerger', 'December', 'world', 'Wall', 'Jerry', 'Cornetto', 'admission', 'Euronext', 'Editing']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,finance.yahoo.com
54085,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/c62ff6f70294b4f5,Shares in Magnum Ice Cream Rise on Euronext Debut,Shares opened slightly higher on the company’s Euronext Amsterdam debut.,Shares opened slightly higher on the companys Euronext Amsterdam debut.This story appeared on wsj.com  2025-12-08 10:29:00.,neutral,0.24,0.76,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Magnum Ice Cream', 'Euronext Debut', 'Shares', 'Euronext Amsterdam debut', 'wsj.com', 'Shares', 'companys', 'story']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,biztoc.com
54086,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201795/0/en/ASM-nominates-CEO-and-SB-member-for-reappointment-SB-chair-to-retire-in-2027.html,ASM nominates CEO and SB member for reappointment  SB chair to retire in 2027,Almere  The Netherlands December 8  2025  6:00 p.m. CET  The Supervisory Board (SB) of ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) announced today...,Almere  The NetherlandsDecember 8  2025  6:00 p.m. CETThe Supervisory Board (SB) of ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) announced today that it intends to reappoint Mr. Hichem M’Saad for a second term  for four years  as member of the Management Board and as CEO. It also intends to reappoint Supervisory Board Member Mr. Marc de Jong for a new term of two years. Supervisory Board Chair Ms. Pauline van der Meer Mohr has expressed her intention to retire as per the Annual General Meeting (AGM) 2027  while allowing for flexibility regarding her exact retirement date depending on the availability of a suitable successor. The reappointments will be submitted to the AGM on May 11  2026.Reappointment Chair of the Management Board and CEO Mr. M’SaadMr. M’Saad was appointed to the Management Board in 2022 for a four-year term  initially as Chief Technology Officer  and as Chair of the Management Board and CEO in May 2024. He joined ASM in 2015 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Thermal Products business unit. The Supervisory Board is currently reassessing his remuneration package to ensure it remains competitive  taking into account the compensation levels of ASM’s peers  and to secure Mr. M’Saad commitment for a second term as CEO. A change to his remuneration package will follow the usual consultation process with investors and proxy advisors and will be subject to AGM approval.Pauline van der Meer Mohr  Chair of the Supervisory Board  commented: “We are delighted that Hichem M’Saad is available for reappointment as CEO. During his tenure  Mr. M’Saad made a crucial contribution to the success of ASM  and we are confident he will continue to do so in his second term. We are very happy to nominate him for reappointment in this role.”Reappointment SB member Marc de JongMr. De Jong was initially elected as a member of the Supervisory Board on May 28  2018  for a period of four years and reappointed for a period of four years on May 16  2022. The Supervisory Board intends to reappoint Mr. De Jong for a two-year term (ending at the AGM in 2028)  because of his unique skillset  comprising amongst others technology  sustainability and finance.Planned retirement SB Chair Pauline van der Meer MohrFurthermore  the Supervisory Board announced its Chair  Ms. Van der Meer Mohr  has expressed her intention to retire as per the AGM 2027 for personal reasons while allowing for flexibility regarding her exact retirement date depending on the availability of a suitable successor. Ms. Van der Meer Mohr was elected as a member of the Supervisory Board on September 29  2021  for a period of four years  and appointed Chair of the Supervisory Board per May 16  2022. She was reappointed for a four-year term in May 2025.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.2,0.31,True,English,"['SB member', 'SB chair', 'ASM', 'CEO', 'reappointment', 'SB Chair Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Ms. Pauline van der Meer Mohr', 'Ms. Van der Meer Mohr', 'Thermal Products business unit', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Mr. M’Saad commitment', 'Mr. Hichem M’Saad', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'Mr. Marc de Jong', 'ASM International N.V.', 'Mr. De Jong', 'common stock trades', 'Senior Vice President', 'exact retirement date', 'Annual General Meeting', 'usual consultation process', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Reappointment SB member', 'Supervisory Board Chair', 'Supervisory Board Member', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'Planned retirement', 'General Manager', 'process solutions', 'Management Board', 'The Netherlands', 'The Company', 'Reappointment Chair', 'second term', 'four years', 'new term', 'two years', 'suitable successor', 'four-year term', 'remuneration package', 'compensation levels', 'proxy advisors', 'crucial contribution', 'two-year term', 'unique skillset', 'personal reasons', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'AGM approval', 'Almere', 'December', 'CET', 'CEO', 'intention', 'flexibility', 'availability', 'reappointments', 'May', 'account', 'peers', 'investors', 'tenure', 'role', 'period', 'others', 'sustainability', 'finance', 'September', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', '6:00']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54087,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201350/0/en/Heineken-N-V-reports-the-progress-of-transactions-under-its-current-share-buyback-programme.html,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme,Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programme  Amsterdam  8 December 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA;...,"Heineken N.V. reports the progress of transactions under its current share buyback programmeAmsterdam  8 December 2025 - Heineken N.V. (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) hereby reports transaction details related to the first €750 million tranche of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme as communicated on 12 February 2025.From 1 December 2025 up to and including 5 December 2025 a total of 178 442 shares were repurchased on exchange at an average price of € 70.02. During the same period  178 129 shares were repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.Up to and including 5 December 2025  a total of 8 908 419 shares were repurchased under the share buyback programme for a total consideration of € 635 832 697 (including shares repurchased from Heineken Holding N.V.).Heineken N.V. publishes on a weekly basis  every Monday  an overview of the progress of the share buyback programme on its website: https://www.theheinekencompany.com/investors/share-information/share-buyback-programmeEnquiriesMedia Investors Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director of Global Communication Global Director of Investor Relations Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus / Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager / Senior Analyst E-mail: pressoffice@heineken.com E-mail: investors@heineken.com Tel: +31-20-5239355 Tel: +31-20-5239590Regulatory informationThis press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligations as set out in Article 5(1)(b) Regulation (EU) 596/2014 and Article 2(2) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programs.Editorial information:HEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 340 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn and Instagram.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['current share buyback programme', 'Heineken N.V.', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Chris Steyn Corporate Communications Lead Investor Relations Manager', 'Christiaan Prins Tristan van Strien Director', 'Global Communication Global Director', 'Marlie Paauw Lennart Scholtus', 'current share buyback programme', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'Heineken Holding N.V.', 'first €750 million tranche', 'Senior Analyst E', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'Heineken N.V.', 'long-term brand investment', 'Article 5(1)(b) Regulation', 'Most recent information', 'buyback programs', 'Heineken® brand', 'transaction details', 'average price', 'same period', 'weekly basis', 'Regulatory information', 'press release', 'reporting obligations', 'technical standards', 'Editorial information', 'international brewer', 'leading developer', 'cider brands', 'regional, local', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'Media Investors', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'total consideration', 'Better World', 'progress', 'transactions', 'Amsterdam', '8 December', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', '12 February', '1 December', '5 December', '442 shares', 'exchange', '178,129 shares', '8,908,419 shares', 'overview', 'website', 'theheinekencompany', 'share-buyback-programme', 'Enquiries', 'mail', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'marketer', 'premium', 'Group', 'portfolio', 'ciders', '85,000 employees', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'consumers', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'business', 'developed', 'breweries', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Attachment']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54088,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201290/0/en/Virbac-Declaration-of-the-number-of-shares-and-voting-rights-11-2025.html,Virbac : Declaration of the number of shares and voting rights 11/2025,DECLARATION OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTS  Information on the total number of voting rights and of shares representing the share...,DECLARATION OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTING RIGHTSInformation on the total number of voting rights and of shares representing the share capital(Article 223-16 of the General regulations of the French Financial Market Authority – Autoritédes Marchés Financiers)Quotation place: Euronext ParisCompartiment AISIN code: FR0000031577Date Total number of shares representing the share capital Total number of voting rights November  30 2025 8 390 660 Gross total of voting rights : 12 704 542 Net total* of voting rights : 12 691 706Net total* = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares net of shares with no voting rights.VIRBAC: Shaping the future of animal healthNYSE Euronext - Compartiment A / Code ISIN: FR0000031577 / MNEMO: VIRPCorporate Finance: tel. 33 4 92 08 71 32 / Email: finances@virbac.comWebsite: www.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['voting rights', 'Virbac', 'Declaration', 'number', 'shares', 'French Financial Market Authority', 'animal health NYSE Euronext', 'Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris', 'VOTING RIGHTS', 'share capital', 'General regulations', 'Quotation place', 'Compartiment A', 'ISIN code', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'Code ISIN', 'Corporate Finance', 'total number', 'DECLARATION', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Information', 'Article', 'Autorité', 'Date', 'VIRBAC', 'future', 'MNEMO', 'VIRP', 'tel.', 'Email', 'finances', 'Website', 'Attachment', '660']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54089,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/4f3012ddcd7a9bb0,Euronext’s AVD order type for equities goes live,Euronext has launched its Auction Volume Discovery (AVD) order type for equities  as part of the firm’s effort to unlock additional liquidity for clients during auction periods. The new offering  first announced in May this year  will allow participants usin…,Euronext has launched its Auction Volume Discovery (AVD) order type for equities  as part of the firm’s effort to unlock additional liquidity for clients during auction periods.The new offering  first announced in May this year  will allow participants using the AVD to make use of the…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2025-12-08 10:24:39.,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AVD order type', 'Euronext', 'equities', 'Auction Volume Discovery', 'AVD) order type', 'auction periods', 'additional liquidity', 'new offering', 'Euronext', 'equities', 'part', 'firm', 'effort', 'clients', 'May', 'use', 'story', 'thetradenews.']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,biztoc.com
54090,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/companies/dsm-firmenich-expands-mumbai-perfumery-center-to-tap-growing-indian-market/article70372978.ece,dsm-firmenich expands Mumbai Perfumery Center to tap growing Indian market,The facility  opened in November 2025  was inaugurated by President Emmanuel Butstraen and Senior Vice President for Regional Consumer Brands Jun Saplad,"Swiss-Dutch nutrition and beauty company dsm-firmenich has inaugurated an expanded Perfumery & Beauty Creative Center in Mumbai  marking a significant investment in India's growing consumer market.The facility  opened in November 2025  was inaugurated by President Emmanuel Butstraen and Senior Vice President for Regional Consumer Brands Jun Saplad. The expansion aims to accelerate fragrance innovation and scale the company's local presence in India.The upgraded centre will focus on fast-growing categories including Air Care  Laundry  and Fine Fragrance . It features expanded research laboratories and collaborative workspaces designed to deliver tailored solutions for the Indian market.""We look forward to co-creating winning fragrances and solutions with our customers and further deepening our partnership with them in this dynamic region "" said Jun Saplad  Global Senior Vice President for Regional & International Consumer Brands.Brahmadeo Gupta  India Vice President for Perfumery & Beauty  described the expansion as reflecting the company's commitment to India and vision for growth in the region.dsm-firmenich  headquartered in Switzerland and the Netherlands  operates in nearly 60 countries with approximately 30 000 employees. The company reported revenues exceeding €12 billion and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Published on December 8  2025",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Mumbai Perfumery Center', 'growing Indian market', 'dsm-firmenich', 'Global Senior Vice President', 'President Emmanuel Butstraen', 'expanded research laboratories', 'International Consumer Brands', 'Beauty Creative Center', 'India Vice President', 'growing consumer market', 'Regional Consumer Brands', 'beauty company dsm-firmenich', 'growing categories', 'Indian market', 'Swiss-Dutch nutrition', 'significant investment', 'Jun Saplad', 'fragrance innovation', 'local presence', 'upgraded centre', 'Air Care', 'Fine Fragrance', 'collaborative workspaces', 'winning fragrances', 'Brahmadeo Gupta', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'tailored solutions', 'dynamic region', 'Perfumery', 'Mumbai', 'facility', 'November', 'expansion', 'Laundry', 'customers', 'partnership', 'commitment', 'vision', 'growth', 'Switzerland', 'Netherlands', '60 countries', '30,000 employees', 'revenues', 'December']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,thehindubusinessline.com
54091,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201210/0/en/Pharming-Group-to-participate-in-Oppenheimer-Movers-in-Rare-Disease-Summit.html,Pharming Group to participate in Oppenheimer Movers in Rare Disease Summit,Pharming to participate in Oppenheimer Movers in Rare Disease Summit on Dec 11 in NYC. Chief Medical Officer Anurag Relan in fireside chat at 1:50 PM ET....,Leiden  the Netherlands  December 8  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) today announced its participation in the Oppenheimer Movers in Rare Disease Summit on December 11  2025 in New York City. This invitation-only event brings together innovative companies and investors focused on rare diseases.Anurag Relan  M.D.  Chief Medical Officer of Pharming  will participate in a fireside chat focused on the hereditary angioedema (HAE) market at 1:50 pm ET / 19:50 CET.To schedule a one-on-one meeting with Pharming’s management team  please contact Investor Relations at investor@pharming.com or your Oppenheimer representative.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. We are developing and commercializing a portfolio of innovative medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  with a significant proportion of its employees based in the U.S.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Investor RelationsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comMedia RelationsGlobal: Saskia Mehring  Corporate Communications ManagerT: +31 6 28 32 60 41E: media.relations@pharming.comU.S.: Ethan Metelenis (Precision AQ on behalf of Pharming)T: +1 (917) 882-9038Netherlands: Leon Melens (LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication on behalf of Pharming)T: +31 6 53 81 64 27Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Rare Disease Summit', 'Pharming Group', 'Oppenheimer Movers', 'hereditary angioedema (HAE) market', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Corporate Communications Manager T', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Corporate Communications T', 'New York City', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Rare Disease Summit', 'Media Relations Global', 'VP Investor Relations', 'rare diseases', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Oppenheimer Movers', 'invitation-only event', 'innovative companies', 'Anurag Relan', 'M.D.', 'fireside chat', 'management team', 'Oppenheimer representative', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative medicines', 'small molecules', 'significant proportion', 'U.S.', 'Michael Levitan', 'Saskia Mehring', 'Ethan Metelenis', 'Precision AQ', 'Leon Melens', 'one meeting', 'public information', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'participation', 'December', 'investors', 'lives', 'patients', 'portfolio', 'biologics', 'employees', 'LinkedIn', 'behalf', 'Attachment', '1:50', '19:50']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54092,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201199/0/en/ASH-2025-Cellectis-Presents-Development-Plan-to-Further-Enhance-High-Response-Rate-Observed-for-Eti-cel-in-r-r-NHL.html,ASH 2025: Cellectis Presents Development Plan to Further Enhance High Response Rate Observed for Eti-cel in r/r NHL,NEW YORK  Dec. 08  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced the pres…,Eti-cel showed an 88% ORR and 63% CR (n=8) at current dose level in r/r NHL after ≥2 prior lines of therapyIn vivo data suggest IL-2 may further enhance response rates and optimize eti-cel expansion and persistenceIL-2 cohort enrollment to start in Q1 2026; full Phase 1 dataset expected in 2026NEW YORK  Dec. 08  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS – NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  announced the presentation of encouraging updated data of patients treated in the Phase 1 NATHALI-01 clinical trial with eti-cel  at the 67th Annual Meeting of the American Society of Hematology (ASH) in Orlando  FL.Eti-cel product candidate is the first allogeneic dual CAR-T targeting CD20 and CD22 simultaneously  being developed in Phase 1 of the NATHALI-01 clinical trial  for patients with relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (r/r NHL)  following at least two lines of therapy.Cellectis presented preliminary results on eti-cel  which demonstrated an encouraging overall response rate (ORR) of 88% and a complete response (CR) rate of 63% (n=8) at the current dose level.Additional in vivo data presented suggest that exogenous low dose Interleukin-2 (IL-2) support can significantly enhance the expansion and persistence of CAR-T cells to boost CAR-T efficacy without exacerbating toxicity.“Cellectis believes that  with the addition of low dose IL-2 support  it is possible to further deepen the already high response rates seen with eti-cel in these patients who have relapsed following multiple prior lines of therapy including  in most cases  a CD19 CAR-T” said Adrian Kilcoyne  MD  MPH  MBA  Chief Medical Officer at Cellectis. “The trial will now investigate any potential impact of low dose IL-2 support in these difficult to treat patients. We look forward to sharing the full Phase 1 dataset expected in 2026.”Next StepsOverall  these preliminary data underscore the potential of this innovative approach to transform outcomes for r/r NHL patients. The Company will now investigate the potential impact of low dose IL-2 support and will start recruitment of patients in the IL-2 support cohort in Q1 2026. Cellectis expects to present the full Phase 1 dataset in 2026.The poster presentation will be available on Cellectis’ website.About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. The company utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to develop gene therapies in other therapeutic indications. With its in-house manufacturing capabilities  Cellectis is one of the few end-to-end gene editing companies that controls the cell and gene therapy value chain from start to finish.Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York and Raleigh  NC. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS). To find out more  visit www.cellectis.com and follow Cellectis on LinkedIn and X.Cautionary StatementThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “can ” or “potential ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions on information currently available to management  include statements regarding the advancement  timing and progress of clinical trials (including with respect to patient enrollment and follow-up)  the timing of our presentation of data and submission of regulatory filings  the sufficiency of cash to fund operations  the potential benefit of our product candidates and technologies  and the financial position of Cellectis. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F as amended and in our annual financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2024 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  which are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov   as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contacts:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  + 33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comPatricia Sosa Navarro  Chief of Staff to the CEO  +33 (0)7 76 77 46 93Investor Relations contact:Arthur Stril  Chief Financial Officer & Chief Business Officer  investors@cellectis.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.18,0.59,True,English,"['High Response Rate', 'Development Plan', 'ASH', 'Cellectis', 'Eti-cel', 'r/r', 'NHL', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'exogenous low dose Interleukin-2', 'encouraging overall response rate', 'many other important factors', 'end gene editing companies', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'low dose IL-2 support', 'complete response (CR) rate', 'first allogeneic dual CAR-T', 'gene therapy value chain', 'Phase 1 NATHALI-01 clinical trial', 'applicable securities laws', 'Securities Exchange Commission', 'IL-2 support cohort', 'current dose level', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'other therapeutic indications', 'house manufacturing capabilities', 'full Phase 1 dataset', 'high response rates', '67th Annual Meeting', 'IL-2 cohort enrollment', 'CAR T immunotherapies', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'Eti-cel product candidate', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'multiple prior lines', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'annual financial report', 'IL-2) support', 'allogeneic approach', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'Annual Report', 'other known', '≥2 prior lines', 'gene therapies', 'current expectations', 'CAR-T cells', 'CAR-T efficacy', 'CD19 CAR-T', 'CAR T-cells', 'patient enrollment', 'financial position', 'two lines', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'American Society', 'preliminary results', 'most cases', 'Adrian Kilcoyne', 'Next Steps', 'innovative approach', 'Cautionary Statement', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'regulatory filings', 'significant risks', 'numerous risks', 'Form 20-F', 'subsequent filings', 'unknown risks', 'Forward-looking statements', 'vivo data', 'updated data', 'preliminary data', 'potential impact', 'potential benefit', 'r/r NHL', 'life-saving cell', 'management report', 'sec.gov', 'poster presentation', 'cancer patients', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'eti-cel expansion', 'NHL patients', 'Cellectis’ website', '63% CR', '88% ORR', 'persistence', 'Q1', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'Hematology', 'ASH', 'Orlando', 'FL', 'CD20', 'CD22', 'Additional', 'toxicity', 'MD', 'MPH', 'MBA', 'difficult', 'outcomes', 'recruitment', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', 'start', 'finish', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'LinkedIn', 'meaning', 'words', 'assumptions', 'information', 'advancement', 'timing', 'progress', 'respect', 'follow-up', 'submission', 'sufficiency', 'operations', 'technologies', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'year', 'time', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54093,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201191/0/en/YAS-Healthcare-signs-contract-for-a-Proteus-ONE-solution-the-first-proton-therapy-system-to-be-installed-in-Dubai-UAE.html,YAS Healthcare signs contract for a Proteus®ONE solution  the first proton therapy system to be installed in Dubai  UAE,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  December 8  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  announces today it has sign…,Louvain-La-Neuve  Belgium  December 8  2025 – IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology and the world’s leading provider of proton therapy solutions for the treatment of cancer  announces today it has signed a contract with YAS Healthcare  a subsidiary of DAS Holding  to install a Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution to be located in Dubai  United Arab Emirates (UAE).With the acquisition of this Proteus®ONE system  YAS Healthcare will establish the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region’s first operational proton therapy center  marking a major milestone in advancing cancer treatment in the UAE and beyond. YAS Healthcare expects to start treating its first patients in 2029.The contract includes the supply of the latest generation of proton therapy system  as well as a multi-year operation and maintenance agreement. Proteus®ONE is the market-leading compact proton therapy solution  upgradable over time to continue offering the latest technology to IBA users.Olivier Legrain  Chief Executive Officer of IBA  commented: “We are honored to have signed a contract with YAS Healthcare and to contribute in making proton therapy technology available for the benefit to the patients in this region. This new contract demonstrates the technological advancement of the IBA offering on the market  further strengthening our leadership.”Dr. Mohammed Zaki  Medical Director & General Manager of YAS Healthcare  added: “After a rigorous selection process  we decided to partner with IBA  the global leader in the design  manufacture  and installation of cutting-edge proton therapy technology. This achievement comes just five months after YAS Healthcare secured preliminary approval from the Dubai Health Authority (DHA) to build the nation’s first proton therapy centre. We are proud to achieve this major milestone in advancing cancer treatment in the UAE.”The typical end-user price for a Proteus®ONE system with a multi-year maintenance contract ranges between € 35 and 45 million.***ENDS***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB). More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comAbout YAS HealthcareYAS Healthcare is a leading healthcare provider in Abu Dhabi  established in 2014 as a subsidiary of DAS Holding  a major Abu Dhabi–based investment group. With a mission to be the preferred destination for patients  YAS Healthcare delivers high-quality medical services through a team of skilled and professional practitioners  operating in a friendly and ethical environment. Their vision is to best understand and meet the medical needs of patients while upholding their brand promise “the ethics of healing”.More information can be found at: https://yashealthcare.ae/CONTACTSIBAOlivier LechienCorporate Communication Director+32 10 475 890communication@iba-group.com1 Proteus®ONE is a brand name of Proteus®235Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.65,0.34,0.0,True,English,"['first proton therapy system', 'Proteus®ONE solution', 'YAS Healthcare', 'contract', 'Dubai', 'UAE', 'Proteus®ONE1 compact proton therapy solution', 'major Abu Dhabi–based investment group', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'market-leading compact proton therapy solution', 'first operational proton therapy center', 'first proton therapy centre', 'cutting-edge proton therapy technology', 'proton therapy solutions', 'proton therapy system', 'particle accelerator technology', 'United Arab Emirates', 'Gulf Cooperation Council', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dr. Mohammed Zaki', 'rigorous selection process', 'typical end-user price', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'Corporate Communication Director', 'Proteus®ONE system', 'Dubai Health Authority', 'high-quality medical services', 'leading healthcare provider', 'multi-year maintenance contract', 'radiation therapy', 'major milestone', '1 Proteus®ONE', 'latest technology', 'first patients', 'leading provider', 'Medical Director', 'multi-year operation', 'maintenance agreement', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'leading supplier', 'medical needs', 'YAS Healthcare', 'DAS Holding', 'latest generation', 'Olivier Legrain', 'technological advancement', 'General Manager', 'global leader', 'preliminary approval', 'advanced form', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'preferred destination', 'professional practitioners', 'ethical environment', 'brand promise', 'Olivier Lechien', 'brand name', 'world leader', 'new contract', 'cancer treatment', 'IBA users', 'IBA offering', 'Louvain-La-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'EURONEXT', 'subsidiary', 'UAE', 'acquisition', 'GCC', 'region', 'supply', 'time', 'benefit', 'leadership', 'design', 'manufacture', 'installation', 'achievement', 'ENDS', 'company', 'equipment', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB', 'mission', 'team', 'skilled', 'friendly', 'vision', 'ethics', 'healing', 'yashealthcare', 'CONTACTS', 'Attachment']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54094,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://news.sky.com/story/magnum-debut-suffers-a-chill-as-ben-and-jerrys-row-lingers-13480828,Magnum debut suffers a chill as Ben & Jerry's row lingers,Shares in The Magnum Ice Cream Company (TMICC) have fallen slightly on debut after the completion of its spin-off from Unilever amid a continuing civil war with one of its best-known brands.,"Shares in The Magnum Ice Cream Company (TMICC) have fallen slightly on debut after the completion of its spin-off from Unilever amid a continuing civil war with one of its best-known brands.Shares in the Netherlands-based company are trading for the first time following the demerger.It creates the world's biggest ice cream company  controlling around one fifth of the global market.Primary Magnum shares  in Amsterdam  opened at €12.20 - down on the €12.80 reference price set by the EuroNext exchange  though they later settled just above that level  implying a market value of €7.9bn - just below £7bn.The company is also listed in London and New York.Money latest: The cheapest days to travel by planeUnilever stock was down 3.1% on the FTSE 100 in the wake of the spin off.The demerger allows London-headquartered Unilever to concentrate on its wider stable of consumer brands  including Marmite  Dove soap and Domestos.The decision to hive off the ice cream division  made in early 2024  gives a greater focus on a market that is tipped to grow by up to 4% each year until 2029.Image: Ben & Jerry's accounts for a greater volume of group revenue now under TMICC. Pic: ReutersBut it has been dogged by a long-running spat with the co-founders of Ben & Jerry's  which now falls under the TMICC umbrella and accounts for 14% of group revenue.Unilever bought the US brand in 2000  but the relationship has been sour since  despite the creation of an independent board at that time aimed at protecting the brand's social mission.The most high-profile spat came in 2021 when Ben & Jerry's took the decision not to sell ice cream in Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories on the grounds that sales would be ""inconsistent"" with its values.Unilever responded by selling the business to its licensee in Israel.A series of rows have followed akin to a tug of war  with Magnum refusing repeated demands by the co-founders of Ben & Jerry's to sell the brand back.Please use Chrome browser for a more accessible video player 7:18 Sept: 'Free Ben & Jerry's'Magnum and Unilever argue its mission has strayed beyond what was acceptable back in 2000  with the brand evolving into one-sided advocacy on polarising topics that risk reputational and business damage.TMICC is currently trying to remove the chair of Ben & Jerry's independent board.It said last month that Anuradha Mittal ""no longer meets the criteria"" to serve after internal investigations.An audit of the separate Ben & Jerry's Foundation  where she is also a trustee  found deficiencies in financial controls and governance. Magnum said the charitable arm risked having funding removed unless the alleged problems were addressed.The Reuters news agency has since reported that Ms Mittal has no plans to quit her roles  and accused Magnum of attempts to ""discredit"" her and undermine the authority of the independent board.Magnum boss Peter ter Kulve said on Monday: ""Today is a proud milestone for everyone associated with TMICC. We became the global leader in ice cream as part of the Unilever family. Now  as an independent listed company  we will be more agile  more focused  and more ambitious than ever.""Commenting on the demerger  Hargreaves Lansdown equity analyst Aarin Chiekrie said: ""TMICC is already free cash flow positive  and profitable in its own right. The balance sheet is in decent shape  but dividends are off the cards until 2027 as the group finds its footing as a standalone business.Be the first to get Breaking News Install the Sky News app for free""That could cause some downward pressure on the share price in the near term  as dividend-focussed investment funds that hold Unilever will be handed TMICC shares  the latter of which they may be forced to sell to abide by their investment mandate.""",negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,mixed,0.15,0.14,0.71,True,English,"['Magnum debut', 'row lingers', 'chill', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'Hargreaves Lansdown equity analyst', 'The Magnum Ice Cream Company', 'The Reuters news agency', 'biggest ice cream company', 'ice cream division', 'Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories', 'accessible video player', 'Peter ter Kulve', 'Sky News app', 'free cash flow', 'dividend-focussed investment funds', 'independent listed company', 'continuing civil war', 'Primary Magnum shares', 'Netherlands-based company', 'Breaking News', 'investment mandate', 'independent board', 'known brands', 'one fifth', '€12.80 reference price', 'EuroNext exchange', 'New York', 'cheapest days', 'wider stable', 'consumer brands', 'greater focus', 'greater volume', 'running spat', 'high-profile spat', 'repeated demands', 'Chrome browser', 'one-sided advocacy', 'polarising topics', 'Anuradha Mittal', 'internal investigations', 'financial controls', 'charitable arm', 'Ms Mittal', 'Magnum boss', 'proud milestone', 'global leader', 'Aarin Chiekrie', 'balance sheet', 'decent shape', 'downward pressure', 'share price', 'near term', 'Free Ben', 'global market', 'market value', 'group revenue', 'business damage', 'standalone business', 'first time', 'social mission', 'Unilever stock', 'London-headquartered Unilever', 'Unilever family', 'TMICC umbrella', 'separate Ben', 'US brand', 'TMICC shares', 'debut', 'completion', 'spin-off', 'demerger', 'world', 'Amsterdam', 'level', 'Money', 'plane', 'FTSE', 'wake', 'Marmite', 'Dove', 'soap', 'Domestos', 'decision', 'early 2024', 'Image', 'Jerry', 'accounts', 'founders', 'relationship', 'creation', 'grounds', 'sales', 'values', 'licensee', 'series', 'tug', 'reputational', 'chair', 'criteria', 'audit', 'Foundation', 'trustee', 'deficiencies', 'governance', 'funding', 'alleged', 'problems', 'plans', 'roles', 'attempts', 'authority', 'Monday', 'Today', 'everyone', 'part', 'right', 'dividends', 'cards', 'footing']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,news.sky.com
54095,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201774/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 8 December 2025  17.45 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced...,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 8 December 2025  17.45 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 46 000 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 1 to 5 December 2025.Trade date Total shares purchased Average price (€) Min price (€) Max price (€) Buyback amount (€) 1/12/2025 10 000 53.28 52.40 53.55 532 835 2/12/2025 10 000 53.47 53.15 53.85 534 720 3/12/2025 10 000 55.58 54.55 56.00 555 777 4/12/2025 8 000 60.43 56.90 61.40 483 438 5/12/2025 8 000 62.25 61.05 63.10 497 964 TOTAL 46 000 56.62 52.40 63.10 2 604 734As a result of purchases made since the launch of the share buy-back program for up to 850 000 shares  Melexis now holds 806 491 treasury shares.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', '17.45 hrs CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Trade date', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Max price', 'Buyback amount', '806,491 treasury shares', 'Total shares', '46,000 Melexis shares', '850,000 shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '8 December', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '5 December', 'result', 'launch']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54096,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201842/0/en/Ipsen-November-2025-Monthly-information-relative-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital.html,Ipsen - November 2025 - Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital   (in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the...,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital(in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market: Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010259150LEI: 549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11Date Total number of shares composing the share capital Total number of voting rights (1) 30 November 202583 814 526Gross total* of voting rights: 132 020 284 Net total** of voting rights: 130 610 873(1) Existence of a statutory clause imposing an obligation to declare threshold crossing complementary to the one relative to the legal thresholds (Article 10).* Gross total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  including the number of shares which benefit of double voting rights and the number of treasury shares. The « Gross total » is used as a basis for the calculation of threshold crossings.** Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares – shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Monthly information', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Ipsen', 'November', 'shares', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'double voting rights', 'ISIN Code', 'Monthly information', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory clause', 'legal thresholds', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Article L.', 'treasury shares', 'accordance', 'Market', 'LEI', '549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11', 'Date', 'Existence', 'obligation', 'basis', 'calculation', 'Attachment']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54097,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201367/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-declaration-of-the-number-of-outstanding-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-November-30-2025.html,Dassault Systèmes: declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of November 30  2025,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — December 8  2025                  Declaration of the number of outstanding shares and voting rights as of...,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — December 8  2025Declaration of the number of outstanding shares andvoting rights as of November 30  2025Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announced below the total number of its outstanding shares and voting rights as of November 30  2025  according to articles 223-16 and 221-3 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers.Number of outstanding shares: 1 341 782 567Number of voting rights*: 2 013 594 540*The total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the total number of outstanding shares  even if the voting rights attached thereto are suspended  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers relating to the method for calculating the percentages of holdings in shares and in voting rights. We invite our shareholders to refer to this article should they need to declare crossing of thresholds.Declarations related to crossing of threshold must be sent to:Dassault Systèmes  Investor Relations Service  10  rue Marcel Dassault  CS 40501  78946 Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex (France). E-mail address: Investors@3ds.com###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  370 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez : Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe / Déborah Cobbi+33 1 61 62 87 73 / +33 1 61 62 70 83arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com / deborah.cobbi@3ds.comAttachment,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.0,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'outstanding shares', 'voting rights', 'declaration', 'number', 'November', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Service', 'rue Marcel Dassault', 'Vélizy-Villacoublay Cedex', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'Déborah Cobbi', 'Press Release', 'voting rights', 'Euronext Paris', 'General Regulation', 'E-mail address', 'human progress', 'virtual worlds', 'real life', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'outstanding shares', 'total number', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'December', 'Declaration', 'November', 'DSY', 'articles', 'basis', 'method', 'percentages', 'holdings', 'shareholders', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'CS', 'Investors', '3ds', 'catalyst', 'company', 'consumers', 'patients', 'citizens', '370 000 customers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'deborah', 'Attachment', '1']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54098,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201768/0/en/Societe-Generale-shares-and-voting-rights-as-of-30-November-2025.html,Societe Generale: shares and voting rights as of 30 November 2025,NUMBER OF SHARES COMPOSING CURRENT SHARE CAPITAL AND TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AS OF 30 NOVEMBER 2025Regulated Information    Paris  8 December 2025   ...,NUMBER OF SHARES COMPOSING CURRENT SHARE CAPITAL AND TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AS OF 30 NOVEMBER 2025Regulated InformationParis  8 December 2025Information about the total number of voting rights and shares pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the AMF General Regulations.Date Number of shares composing current share capital Total number ofvoting rights 30 November 2025766 894 786Gross: 853 087 261Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'voting rights', 'shares', '30 November', 'new ALD I LeasePlan brand', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'top tier European Bank', 'top tier wholesale bank', 'leading retail bank SG', 'premium private banking services', 'leading digital bank', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'International Retail Banking', 'CURRENT SHARE CAPITAL', 'AMF General Regulations', 'three complementary sets', 'specialized financing activities', 'distinctive global leadership', 'French Commercial Code', 'sustainable value creation', 'several African countries', 'French Retail', 'Global Banking', 'Financial Services', 'Inclusion Index', 'leading franchises', 'leading partner', 'global player', 'sustainable future', 'ESG capabilities', 'ESG offerings', 'VOTING RIGHTS', 'Press contacts', 'Societe Generale', 'corporate, institutional', 'wide array', 'value-added advisory', 'financial solutions', 'trusted relationships', 'cutting-edge expertise', 'unique innovation', 'essential objective', 'The Group', 'Investor Solutions', 'tailored-made solutions', 'equity derivatives', 'universal banks', 'Czech Republic', 'environmental transition', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'sustainable mobility', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'website societegenerale', '26 million clients', 'individual clients', 'Regulated Information', 'insurance franchise', '62 countries', 'SHARES', '30 NOVEMBER', 'Paris', '8 December', 'Gross', 'socgen', '119,000 employees', 'world', 'development', 'economies', '160 years', 'long-lasting', 'DNA', 'stakeholders', 'businesses', 'BoursoBank', 'finance', 'Romania', 'Ayvens', 'sustainability', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'Twitter/X', 'Attachment']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54099,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201236/0/en/WORLDLINE-PaymentIQ-disposal-Press-release.html,WORLDLINE : PaymentIQ disposal - Press release,Worldline announces the contemplated divestmentof its payments orchestration platform PaymentIQ to Incore Invest  Paris La Défense  8 December 2025 –...,Worldline announces the contemplated divestmentof its payments orchestration platform PaymentIQ to Incore InvestParis La Défense  8 December 2025 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a European leader in payment services  announces the contemplated divestment of PaymentIQ  a payment orchestration platform  to Incore Invest for an estimated cash proceeds at closing of c.€160m1.The disposal of PaymentIQ marks a further step in Worldline’s strategic refocus on core European payment activities and a new milestone in its simplification journey  as part of the North Star transformation plan.It demonstrates Worldline’s commitment to focus on segments and solutions that generate synergies among each other  while aligning with the Group’s right-to-win strategy and reframed risk framework.This transaction will simplify operations  optimise resource allocation  and enable increased management focus on core payment activities for merchants and financial institutions. Proceeds will strengthen the Group’s financial profile  enhance strategic flexibility in the medium term  and support redeployment of capital towards core activities.For reference 2026  revenue  Adjusted EBITDA and FCF deconsolidation impact of the perimeter on Worldline are respectively estimated at c.€50m  €40m and €30m on a full year basis.The combined cash proceeds from the disposals of Mobility & e-Transactional Services  North American operations  Electronic Data Management activity (ex-Cetrel Securities) to SIX and PaymentIQ are expected in the range of €510-560m.The closing of the transaction is expected in Q1 2026 subject to the works council consultation process.Perella Weinberg acted as sole financial advisor and Gernandt & Danielsson as a legal advisor to Worldline SA.UPCOMING EVENTSFebruary 25  2026: FY 2025 resultsCONTACTSInvestor relationsLaurent MarieE laurent.marie@worldline.comPeter FarrenE peter.farren@worldline.comCommunicationSandrine van der GhinstE sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderE helene.carlander@worldline.comABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payment technology  local expertise  and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses worldwide. Worldline generated a 4.6 billion euros revenue in 2024. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.FOLLOW USDISCLAIMERThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviours. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2024 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 14  2025  under the filling number: D.25-0257.Revenue organic growth and Adjusted EBITDA improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. Adjusted EBITDA is presented as defined in the 2024 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2025 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 After excess cash distributionAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.15,0.85,True,English,"['PaymentIQ disposal', 'Press release', 'WORLDLINE', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Paris La Défense', 'works council consultation process', 'Electronic Data Management activity', 'North Star transformation plan', 'Sandrine van der Ghinst', 'Hélène Carlander', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Investor relations Laurent Marie', 'core European payment activities', 'payments orchestration platform', 'payment orchestration platform', 'core payment activities', 'FCF deconsolidation impact', 'full year basis', 'advanced payment technology', 'leading digital payment', 'North American operations', '4.6 billion euros revenue', 'sustainable economic growth', 'one million businesses', 'sole financial advisor', 'Adjusted EBITDA improvement', 'Revenue organic growth', '2024 Universal Registration Document', 'core activities', 'European leader', 'payment services', 'management focus', 'social transformation', 'legal advisor', 'financial institutions', 'financial profile', 'growth journey', 'expected growth', 'Cetrel Securities', 'securities laws', 'Incore Invest', 'strategic refocus', 'new milestone', 'simplification journey', 'win strategy', 'risk framework', 'resource allocation', 'strategic flexibility', 'medium term', 'Perella Weinberg', 'UPCOMING EVENTS', 'local expertise', 'corporate purpose', 'market conditions', 'Actual events', 'constant scope', 'exchange rate', 'material differences', 'accounting standards', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'other information', 'historical information', 'information purposes', 'cash proceeds', 'forward-looking statements', 'future events', 'future revenues', 'FY 2025 results', 'expected performance', 'filling number', 'transactional solutions', 'Worldline SA', 'Peter Farren', 'divestment', 'PaymentIQ', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'closing', 'disposal', 'step', 'part', 'commitment', 'segments', 'synergies', 'Group', 'merchants', 'redeployment', 'capital', 'reference', 'perimeter', 'Mobility', 'SIX', 'range', 'Q1', 'Gernandt', 'Danielsson', 'February', 'CONTACTS', 'Communication', 'vanderghinst', 'shapes', 'sizes', 'hundreds', 'markets', 'industries', 'raison', 'trust', 'security', 'societies', 'FOLLOW', 'DISCLAIMER', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'profitability', 'factors', 'control', 'Company', 'competitors', 'behaviours', 'beliefs', 'expectations', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'goals', 'AMF', 'April', 'amounts', 'decimal', 'circumstances', 'sum', 'figures', 'subtotals', 'tables', 'disclaims', 'obligation', 'responsibility', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54100,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201227/0/en/Diodon-Drone-participation-of-Tonner-Drones-accelerates-its-growth.html,Diodon Drone  participation of Tonner Drones  accelerates its growth,Tonner Drones is pleased to announce that Diodon Drone  is confirming its growth path. ...,"Diodon Drone  participation of Tonner Drones  accelerates its growthParis  December 8th  2025  08:00  Tonner Drones (’the Company’) is pleased to announce that Diodon Drone  a participation of Tonner Drones  is confirming its growth path. Tonner Drones is also announcing that it is making progress in its investment- and treasury-strategy.Founded in 2017 in Toulouse  DIODON Drone Technology designs  produces and integrates a range of fully waterproof aerial drones dedicated to reconnaissance  surveillance and inspection missions in maritime  coastal and equatorial environments. Originally created to meet the operational needs of French special forces  DIODON now supports defense  security  rescue and offshore actors across Europe  West Africa and Southeast Asia.Diodon has informed Tonner Drones that it projects a revenue growth of over 60% by 2025. The company will aim for 100% revenue growth by 2026  driven by the signing of larger contracts and a robust order book. Diodon is expected to reach profitability in 2026  provided these targets are met.Tonner Drones had previously indicated that it would evaluate its 8.4% stake in the future  with a potential sale being considered. This situation has since evolved. Tonner Drones is currently in a stronger financial position  and Diodon combines robust performance with positive future expectations. As a result  Tonner Drones will now enter into discussions with the company to increase its involvement in the venture.Collaborating and contributing to the growth of the drone sector could become one of Tonner Drones' key priorities  now that its restructuring and refinancing efforts have been finalized. Tonner Drones' financial situation has improved significantly over the past 12 months  allowing it to focus its resources on strategic investments and capitalize on the current positive dynamics and expansion within the drone sector.Tonner Drones previously announced a strategy under its investment and treasury policy. Recently  Tonner Drones announced its investment in MyHotelMatch (‘MHM’)  which is listed on the Euronext Paris main market. Tonner Drones is committed to supporting the company in achieving a successful turnaround. Tonner Drones identifies opportunities for MHM to further develop through future business in Real-estate  the Drone Sector  or Cryptocurrency. Tonner Drones and MHM are currently in discussions and MHM will inform its shareholders once more concrete news becomes available.Tonner Drones’ policy is focused on generating profitability for its shareholders. Short- and medium-term investments  such as those executed under its treasury policy  must support this overarching objective. A positive financial result was already achieved in H1 2025 as a direct outcome of this strategy. Tonner Drones has made new investments of approximately €2.3 million and €1 1 million in two French industrial companies that seek to accelerate their activities in the drone and defense industries. Tonner Drones will communicate further developments in due course.“I am pleased that we have embarked on a clear path of growth. I look forward to communicating more about our activities  following a 2025 communication focus that was primarily dedicated to the company's refinancing and reorganization."" said Diede van den Ouden. “Therefore  I am particularly satisfied with Diodon Drone’s performance  and we will continue to collaborate with the company and provide support where necessary. With rising budgets allocated to Defense and Drones  we anticipate Diodon Drone will perform well.”End of Press-Release.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones develops technologies for the logistics sector. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some promising French drone manufacturers like Elistair and Donecle. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to increase the value of its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France. Tonner Drones uses an active strategy to manage its treasury.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.com / contact@tonnerdrones.comWarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of Tonner Drones ' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of Tonner Drones .This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding Tonner Drones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or Tonner Drones ' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  Tonner Drones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.Attachment",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.17,0.15,True,English,"['Diodon Drone', 'Tonner Drones', 'participation', 'growth', 'Diede van den Ouden', 'Euronext Paris main market', 'two French industrial companies', 'promising French drone manufacturers', ""Tonner Drones' key priorities"", 'DIODON Drone Technology designs', ""Tonner Drones' financial situation"", 'French special forces', 'stronger financial position', 'robust order book', 'current positive dynamics', 'active asset management', 'future financial results', 'positive financial result', 'waterproof aerial drones', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'positive future expectations', 'Tonner Drones’ policy', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'current beliefs', 'Tonner Drones.', 'drone sector', 'active strategy', 'inspection missions', 'equatorial environments', 'operational needs', 'offshore actors', 'West Africa', 'Southeast Asia', 'larger contracts', 'potential sale', 'robust performance', 'past 12 months', 'strategic investments', 'treasury policy', 'successful turnaround', 'concrete news', 'medium-term investments', 'overarching objective', 'direct outcome', 'new investments', 'due course', 'clear path', '2025 communication focus', 'rising budgets', 'logistics sector', 'valuable stakes', 'Additional revenues', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'More information', 'other person', 'other assets', 'press release', 'underlying assumptions', 'product development', 'growth path', 'revenue growth', 'future business', 'future value', 'future events', 'refinancing efforts', 'forward-looking statements', 'defense industries', 'investment decision', 'participation', '8th', 'Company', 'progress', 'treasury-strategy', 'Toulouse', 'range', 'surveillance', 'coastal', 'security', 'rescue', 'Europe', 'signing', 'profitability', 'targets', '8.4% stake', 'discussions', 'involvement', 'venture', 'restructuring', 'resources', 'expansion', 'MyHotelMatch', 'MHM', 'opportunities', 'Real-estate', 'Cryptocurrency', 'shareholders', 'H1', 'activities', 'developments', 'reorganization', 'support', 'End', 'Press-Release', 'technologies', 'Elistair', 'Donecle', 'shareholdings', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'France', 'shares', 'tonnerdrones', 'Warning', 'merits', 'transaction', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'operations', 'services']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54101,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201770/0/en/Information-regarding-executed-transactions-within-the-framework-of-a-share-buyback-programme-outside-the-liquidity-agreement-from-1-to-5-December.html,Information regarding executed transactions within the framework of a share buyback programme (outside the liquidity agreement) from 1 to 5 December,(In accordance with article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicab…,(In accordance with article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programmes and stabilisation measures)As announced on Thursday 30 October 2025  Ayvens started on Friday 31 October 2025  an ordinary share buyback programme for a maximum amount of EUR 360 million for the purpose of shares cancellation.Ayvens received all necessary authorisations from supervisory authorities. These buybacks are carried out in compliance with the conditions  notably regarding the maximum price  set forth by General Shareholders' Meeting held on 19 May 2025 and presented in the description released on 20 May 2025  as well as in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. They are performed on the trading platforms on which Ayvens shares are listed for trading or are traded  including the regulated market of Euronext Paris. The liquidity contract concluded with BNP Paribas Exane has also temporarily been suspended throughout the buyback period.Purchases performed from 1 December to 5 December 2025 are described below. As of 5 December 2025  Ayvens has completed 98.4% of its share buyback programme  representing 4.0%1 of its share capital.Issuer name: Ayvens SA – LEI 969500E7V019H9NP7427Reference of the financial instrument: ISIN FR0013258662Period: from 1 to 5 December 20251 Ratio between the number of shares repurchased and the 816 960 428 shares comprising the current share capital.Purchases performed by Ayvens SA during the periodAggregated presentation by day and marketIssuer’s name Issuer’s code (LEI) Transaction date ISIN code Total daily volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average purchase price of shares Value in EUR Market (MIC code) AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 01/12/2025 FR0013258662 77 009 11.06 851 528 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 01/12/2025 FR0013258662 94 954 11.06 1 050 115 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 01/12/2025 FR0013258662 20 129 11.05 222 520 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 01/12/2025 FR0013258662 21 628 11.06 239 234 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/12/2025 FR0013258662 70 736 11.15 788 441 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/12/2025 FR0013258662 124 805 11.15 1 391 147 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/12/2025 FR0013258662 26 227 11.14 292 261 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 02/12/2025 FR0013258662 24 999 11.15 278 637 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/12/2025 FR0013258662 27 583 11.16 307 909 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/12/2025 FR0013258662 121 000 11.15 1 348 878 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/12/2025 FR0013258662 20 000 11.15 223 021 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 03/12/2025 FR0013258662 24 000 11.15 267 563 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/12/2025 FR0013258662 151 627 11.34 1 719 048 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/12/2025 FR0013258662 95 503 11.33 1 081 767 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/12/2025 FR0013258662 16 644 11.33 188 636 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 04/12/2025 FR0013258662 18 529 11.34 210 036 AQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/12/2025 FR0013258662 57 132 11.41 652 104 XPAR AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/12/2025 FR0013258662 113 500 11.41 1 294 791 DXE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/12/2025 FR0013258662 21 000 11.41 239 628 TQE AYVENS SA 969500E7V019H9NP7427 05/12/2025 FR0013258662 23 500 11.41 268 078 AQE TOTAL 1 150 505 11.23About Ayvens Ayvens is a leading global sustainable mobility player committed to making life flow better. We’ve been improving mobility for decades  providing full-service leasing  flexible subscription services  fleet management and multi-mobility solutions to large international corporates  SMEs  professionals and private individuals.With more than 14 000 employees across 41 countries  3.2 million vehicles and the world’s largest multi-brand EV fleet  we are in a unique position to lead the way to net zero and spearhead the digital transformation of the mobility sector. The company is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR0013258662; Ticker: AYV). Societe Generale Group is Ayvens majority shareholder.Find out more at ayvens.comPress contact Elise BooréeCommunications DepartmentTel: +33 (0)6 25 01 24 16elise.booree@ayvens.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'liquidity agreement', 'Information', 'transactions', 'framework', '5 December', '1', 'Elise Boorée Communications Department', 'leading global sustainable mobility player', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'largest multi-brand EV fleet', 'ordinary share buyback programme', 'Total daily volume', 'regulatory technical standards', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'BNP Paribas Exane', 'flexible subscription services', 'large international corporates', 'Societe Generale Group', 'current share capital', 'Ayvens majority shareholder', 'XPAR AYVENS SA', 'DXE AYVENS SA', 'TQE AYVENS SA', 'period Aggregated presentation', 'AQE AYVENS SA', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'maximum price', 'fleet management', 'Ayvens Ayvens', 'buyback programmes', 'buyback period', 'mobility sector', 'Delegated Regulation', 'supplementing Regulation', 'stabilisation measures', 'Thursday 30 October', 'Friday 31 October', 'maximum amount', 'necessary authorisations', 'supervisory authorities', 'Euronext Paris', 'liquidity contract', 'financial instrument', 'Transaction date', 'EUR Market', 'multi-mobility solutions', 'private individuals', '3.2 million vehicles', 'unique position', 'digital transformation', 'Compartment A', 'Press contact', 'Ayvens shares', 'MIC code', 'shares cancellation', 'trading platforms', 'shares Value', 'ISIN code', 'Issuer name', '816,960,428 shares', 'accordance', 'article', 'conditions', 'purpose', 'buybacks', 'compliance', '19 May', 'description', '20 May', 'Purchases', '1 December', '5 December', 'LEI', 'Reference', '1 Ratio', 'number', 'FR0013258662', 'life', 'decades', 'SMEs', 'professionals', '14,000 employees', '41 countries', 'world', 'way', 'company', 'Ticker', 'Tel', 'booree', 'Attachment']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54102,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201272/0/en/Harder-Digital-secures-new-25-million-orders-from-major-defence-companies.html,Harder Digital secures new €25 million orders from major defence companies,PRESS RELEASE  Bloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)    The new orders for 3rd Generation IIT require deliveries in 2026-2027  expected to...,PRESS RELEASEBloomberg (THEON:NA) / Reuters (THEON.AS)The new orders for 3 rd Generation IIT require deliveries in 2026-2027  expected to significantly improve the profitability performance of Harder Digital in the coming yearsThis is the biggest order intake Harder Digital ever hadTHEON’s backlog is consequently increased by €25 million8 December 2025 – Theon International Plc (THEON) announces that its subsidiary  Harder Digital has received orders for €25 million Image Intensifier Tuber (IIT) which require deliveries in 2026-2027. This is the biggest order intake Harder Digital has ever received for its products  proving the quality and performance of its 3rd Generation IIT  increasing its backlog and consequently THEON’s backlog with the same amount.As communicated at the time of the acquisition  THEON intended to utilise only half of the tubes produced by Harder Digital and sell the remainder to third parties. The production capacity of Harder Digital has more than doubled since the initial investment in 2024  after the addition of two new production lines. At the same time  the average quality of IIT has materially improved  leading to higher average selling prices. This  together with operational improvements been swiftly implemented  increasing scale and growing visibility  lead to improving financial performance of Harder Digital approaching THEON ‘s levels in the coming years.Christian Kohlstock  Managing Director of Harder Digital  commented: “These new orders  the biggest order intake we ever had in a short period  is a testament of the successful upscaling of our production. We intend to continue working closely with THEON to increase capacity and improve the performance of our tubes to address the increasing demand we see globally. This shows that THEON made the right choice by investing in and supporting one of its main suppliers.”Dimitris Parthenis  CFO of THEON  stated: “We are very pleased to see that our efforts to revamp Harder Digital’s production are being rewarded faster than anticipated. We shall continue operating Harder Digital with a focus on optimizing profitability by relying also on sale opportunities with third-party customers”.For inquiries  please contact:Investor RelationsNikos MalesiotisE-Mail: ir@theon.comTel: +30 210 6772290 Media ContactElli MichouE-Mail: press@theon.comTel: +30 210 6728610About THEON GROUPTHEON GROUP of companies develops and manufactures cutting-edge night vision and thermal Imaging systems for Defense and Security applications with a global footprint. THEON GROUP started its operations in 1997 from Greece and today occupies a leading role in the sector thanks to its international presence through subsidiaries and production facilities in Greece  Cyprus  Germany  the Baltics  the United States  the Gulf States  Switzerland  Denmark  Belgium  Singapore and South Korea. THEON GROUP has more than 240 000 systems in service with Armed and Special Forces in 71 countries around the world  26 of which are NATO countries. ΤΗΕΟΝ ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC has been listed on Euronext Amsterdam (AMS: THEON) since February 2024.www.theon.comAttachment,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.22,0.21,True,English,"['new €25 million orders', 'major defence companies', 'Harder Digital', 'higher average selling prices', 'two new production lines', 'biggest order intake', 'Image Intensifier Tuber', 'cutting-edge night vision', '3 rd Generation IIT', '3rd Generation IIT', 'thermal Imaging systems', 'Theon International Plc', 'average quality', 'international presence', 'ΙΝΤΕRNATIONAL PLC', 'new orders', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Harder Digital', 'coming years', 'same amount', 'third parties', 'initial investment', 'operational improvements', 'growing visibility', 'Christian Kohlstock', 'Managing Director', 'short period', 'successful upscaling', 'increasing demand', 'right choice', 'main suppliers', 'Dimitris Parthenis', 'sale opportunities', 'third-party customers', 'Investor Relations', 'Nikos Malesiotis', 'Media Contact', 'Elli Michou', 'Security applications', 'global footprint', 'leading role', 'production facilities', 'United States', 'Gulf States', 'South Korea', 'Special Forces', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'production capacity', 'same time', 'financial performance', 'NATO countries', 'THEON.AS', 'THEON GROUP', 'profitability performance', '240,000 systems', '71 countries', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'deliveries', 'backlog', 'December', 'subsidiary', 'products', 'acquisition', 'half', 'tubes', 'remainder', 'addition', 'scale', 'levels', 'testament', 'CFO', 'efforts', 'focus', 'inquiries', 'Tel', 'companies', 'Defense', 'operations', 'Greece', 'sector', 'subsidiaries', 'Cyprus', 'Germany', 'Baltics', 'Switzerland', 'Denmark', 'Belgium', 'Singapore', 'service', 'Armed', 'world', 'February', 'Attachment', '€', 'ΤΗΕΟΝ']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54103,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201238/0/en/Sidetrade-Demonstrates-Industry-Leading-ESG-Performance-with-EthiFinance-Gold-and-EcoVadis-Advanced-Rating.html,Sidetrade Demonstrates Industry-Leading ESG Performance with EthiFinance Gold and EcoVadis Advanced Rating,Sidetrade  a global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  has raised the bar for Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG) performance with two strong assessments from EthiFinance and EcoVadis. These new distinctions reinforce Sidetrade’s ascent …,Sidetrade  a global leader in AI-powered Order-to-Cash applications  has raised the bar for Environmental  Social  and Governance (ESG) performance with two strong assessments from EthiFinance and EcoVadis. These new distinctions reinforce Sidetrade’s ascent as an ambitious  sustainability-driven innovator in enterprise AI.Sidetrade received a Gold Medal with a score of 79/100 in the most recent rating published on December 2  2025  by EthiFinance  the extra-financial rating agency specializing in listed European SMEs. The assessment confirms a consistent upward trajectory. Sidetrade improved from 62/100 in 2023 to 73/100 in 2024  then to 79 out of 100 under EthiFinance’s new 2025 ESG rating framework. This progression reflects the strength of the company’s operational discipline across governance  social responsibility  and environmental management.EthiFinance highlights the Group’s strong performance in human rights  diversity and inclusion  responsible procurement  and transparency in extra-financial reporting  as well as its alignment with emerging European regulatory requirements  including the CSRD.EcoVadis  the world’s most trusted business sustainability rater  confirmed the strength of Sidetrade’s ESG profile with a score of 70/100 and Silver Medal  placing the Group among the top 15% worldwide. Sidetrade ranks in the “Advanced” category for its industry. This level is well above the industry norms  where most companies cluster between 45 and 60/100 and only a limited number reach the “Advanced” tier.EcoVadis also recognized Sidetrade’s advanced management systems across labor and human rights  ethics  and sustainable procurement  and reported no findings in third-party risk and compliance databases. Sidetrade’s results position the Group among the strongest performers in the sector  supported by a mature ethics framework  robust social practices  responsible procurement program  and structured environmental management.Philippe Gangneux  Chief Financial Officer and CSR Ambassador at Sidetrade commented: “These ratings reflect the dedication of our teams and the consistency of our ESG ambition. We are proud to see our sustained progress recognized across multiple years of independent assessment. This momentum strengthens our resolve to build a resilient  trusted  and responsible AI company for the long term.”Learn more about Sidetrade’s CSR commitments.Investor relations @SidetradeChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comMedia relations @SidetradeOliver Thornton +44 7933 108 107 oli.thornton@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade (www.sidetrade.com)Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) is an AI company redefining how enterprises secure and accelerate cash flow. At the core of its applications is Aimie  Sidetrade’s agentic AI  trained on more than $7.7 trillion in B2B transactions. Powered by a proprietary Order-to-Cash Data Lake and domain expertise  Aimie operates autonomously across the Order-to-Cash cycle. This co-worker drives agility  inform decision-making  and ensure reliable execution at scale. Sidetrade enables finance  sales  and customer-facing teams to unlock working capital and strengthen resilience. Sidetrade serves businesses in 85 countries and employs 450 people across Europe  North America  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit us at t www.sidetrade.com and follow @Sidetrade on LinkedIn.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the English version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.21,0.01,True,English,"['Industry-Leading ESG Performance', 'EcoVadis Advanced Rating', 'EthiFinance Gold', 'Sidetrade', 'emerging European regulatory requirements', 'new 2025 ESG rating framework', 'ambitious, sustainability-driven innovator', 'consistent upward trajectory', 'business sustainability rater', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'two strong assessments', 'extra-financial rating agency', 'mature ethics framework', 'robust social practices', 'Cash Data Lake', 'structured environmental management', 'advanced management systems', 'responsible procurement program', 'responsible AI company', 'new distinctions', 'recent rating', 'European SMEs', 'ESG) performance', 'social responsibility', 'strong performance', 'extra-financial reporting', 'ESG profile', 'ESG ambition', 'Advanced” category', 'Advanced” tier', 'sustainable procurement', 'enterprise AI', 'cash flow', 'agentic AI', 'Cash cycle', 'global leader', 'Gold Medal', 'operational discipline', 'human rights', 'Silver Medal', 'most companies', 'limited number', 'third-party risk', 'compliance databases', 'strongest performers', 'Philippe Gangneux', 'CSR Ambassador', 'sustained progress', 'multiple years', 'long term', 'CSR commitments', 'Investor relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Media relations', 'Euronext Growth', 'B2B transactions', 'domain expertise', 'reliable execution', 'working capital', 'North America', 'English versions', 'press release', 'Cash applications', 'AI-powered Order', 'proprietary Order', 'industry norms', 'independent assessment', 'Oliver Thornton', 'customer-facing teams', 'Sidetrade ranks', 'bar', 'Governance', 'EthiFinance', 'EcoVadis', 'ascent', 'score', '79/100', 'December', 'progression', 'strength', 'Group', 'diversity', 'inclusion', 'transparency', 'alignment', 'CSRD', 'world', '70/100', 'level', '60/100', 'labor', 'findings', 'results', 'sector', 'ratings', 'dedication', 'consistency', 'momentum', 'resolve', 'ALBFR', 'enterprises', 'Aimie', 'worker', 'agility', 'decision-making', 'scale', 'sales', 'resilience', 'businesses', '85 countries', '450 people', 'Asia-Pacific', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'French', 'account', 'Attachment']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54104,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201853/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 8 December 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,Press ReleaseParis – 8 December 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 1 December to 5 December 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 22 May 2025.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-12-01 BUY 297 8.770875 2 604.95 XAMS 2025-12-01 SELL 21 9.050000 190.05 XAMS 2025-12-02 BUY 275 8.521818 2 343.50 XAMS 2025-12-02 SELL 195 8.614103 1 679.75 XAMS 2025-12-03 BUY 200 8.515000 1 703.00 XAMS 2025-12-03 SELL 661 8.636082 5 708.45 XAMS 2025-12-04 BUY 161 8.482609 1 365.70 XAMS 2025-12-04 SELL 300 8.516667 2 555.00 XAMS 2025-12-05 BUY 254 8.502165 2 159.55 XAMS 2025-12-05 SELL 897 8.538796 7 659.30 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaFY 2025 results: 5 March 2026Investor Relationsinvestors@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comAbout Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include Content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  Live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and Online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2024  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4.8bn and €900m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'global entertainment leader', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'Live experiences', 'The Group', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'FY 2025 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', '30-year entrepreneur', 'Content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'BNJ NA', 'BNJ.AS', 'Banijay Gaming', 'Paris', '8 December', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '1 December', '5 December', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '22 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '5 March', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'Adjusted', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Attachment']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54105,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201201/0/en/OSE-Immunotherapeutics-Announces-Strategic-Amendment-to-AbbVie-s-Partnership-on-ABBV-230-Development.html,OSE Immunotherapeutics Announces Strategic Amendment to AbbVie’s Partnership on ABBV-230 Development,Strategic Amendment Enhances OSE Immunotherapeutics’ Role in ABBV-230 Development While Preserving AbbVie’s Long-Term Commitment...,OSE Immunotherapeutics Announces Strategic Amendment to AbbVie’s Partnership on ABBV-230 DevelopmentStrategic Amendment Enhances OSE Immunotherapeutics’ Role in ABBV-230 Development While Preserving AbbVie’s Long-Term CommitmentNANTES  France  December 8th  2025 – 7:30am CET - OSE Immunotherapeutics SA (ISIN: FR0012127173; Mnemo: OSE) today announced an amendment to its partnership agreement with AbbVie regarding ABBV-230  a monoclonal antibody designed to resolve chronic and severe inflammation  currently in the pre-clinical development stage.Under the revised agreement  OSE Immunotherapeutics regains control of the early-stage development of the ABBV-230  while AbbVie maintains its rights to control future development and commercialization following successful completion of Phase 1. The revised approach reflects both parties’ continued enthusiasm for the potential of ABBV-230 and aligns development responsibilities with each company’s core strengths.Highlights of the Amended AgreementOSE Immunotherapeutics to Lead Early Development : OSE Immunotherapeutics will assume responsibility for the preclinical and Phase 1 development of ABBV-230  drawing on its deep immunology expertise. These activities will be fully financed by OSE Immunotherapeutics  contingent upon securing adequate funding  at its sole discretion.: OSE Immunotherapeutics will assume responsibility for the preclinical and Phase 1 development of ABBV-230  drawing on its deep immunology expertise. These activities will be fully financed by OSE Immunotherapeutics  contingent upon securing adequate funding  at its sole discretion. AbbVie Retains Future Rights : AbbVie remains the exclusive licensee and retains its rights to develop and commercialize following successful completion of Phase 1  continuing its leadership in immunology innovation.: AbbVie remains the exclusive licensee and retains its rights to develop and commercialize following successful completion of Phase 1  continuing its leadership in immunology innovation. Commercial Terms Unchanged : All existing commercialization rights  including royalties on global net sales and sales-based milestone payments  remain unchanged. OSE Immunotherapeutics retains its full economic entitlements under the original agreement.: All existing commercialization rights  including royalties on global net sales and sales-based milestone payments  remain unchanged. OSE Immunotherapeutics retains its full economic entitlements under the original agreement. Milestone Payment Adjustment: With the amendment  OSE Immunotherapeutics will no longer receive the previously anticipated milestone payment tied to the initiation of a Phase 1 clinical study. However  OSE Immunotherapeutics becomes eligible for milestone payments in the following stages of development  should AbbVie advance the candidate beyond Phase 1.ChemR23 is a dual-function receptor involved in both the initiation and resolution of inflammation  depending on the ligand that binds to it. It plays a key role in multiple diseases by regulating immune cell recruitment and activity. Both companies remain committed to exploring its potential as a first-in-class therapy for inflammation resolution.Marc Le Bozec  Chief Executive Officer of OSE Immunotherapeutics  commented: “The overall value of our collaboration with AbbVie for ABBV-230 remains unchanged. Assuming leadership of early-stage development enables OSE to accelerate progress on this innovative program while leveraging our core immunology expertise. The restructured agreement reflects the value we’ve built and our shared commitment to advancing transformative therapies for chronic inflammatory diseases.”OSE Immunotherapeutics and AbbVie announced the strategic partnership to develop OSE-230  in February 2024 [Press Release].ABOUT OSE IMMUNOTHERAPEUTICSOSE Immunotherapeutics is a biotech company dedicated to developing first-in-class assets in immuno-oncology (IO) and immuno-inflammation (I&I) that address the unmet patient needs of today and tomorrow. We partner with leading academic institutions and biopharmaceutical companies in our efforts to develop and bring to the market transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. OSE Immunotherapeutics is based between Nantes and Paris and is listed on Euronext. Additional information about OSE Immunotherapeutics assets is available on the Company’s website: www.ose-immuno.com. Follow us on LinkedIn.ContactsFiona Olivierfiona.olivier@ose-immuno.comSylvie Détrysylvie.detry@ose-immuno.comFrench Media ContactFP2COMFlorence Portejoiefportejoie@fp2com.fr+33 6 07 768 283 U.S. Media ContactRooney Partners LLCKate Barrettekbarrette@rooneypartners.com+1 212 223 0561Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains express or implied information and statements that might be deemed forward-looking information and statements in respect of OSE Immunotherapeutics. They do not constitute historical facts. These information and statements include financial projections that are based upon certain assumptions and assessments made by OSE Immunotherapeutics’ management considering its experience and its perception of historical trends  current economic and industry conditions  expected future developments and other factors they believe to be appropriate.These forward-looking statements include statements typically using conditional and containing verbs such as “expect”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “target”  “plan”  or “estimate”  their declensions and conjugations and words of similar import. Although the OSE Immunotherapeutics management believes that the forward-looking statements and information are reasonable  the OSE Immunotherapeutics’ shareholders and other investors are cautioned that the completion of such expectations is by nature subject to various risks  known or not  and uncertainties which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of OSE Immunotherapeutics. These risks could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in or implied or projected by the forward-looking statements. These risks include those discussed or identified in the public filings made by OSE Immunotherapeutics with the AMF. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. This press release includes only summary information and should be read with the OSE Immunotherapeutics Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 30  2025  including the annual financial report for the fiscal year 2024  available on the OSE Immunotherapeutics’ website. Other than as required by applicable law  OSE Immunotherapeutics issues this press release at the date hereof and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['OSE Immunotherapeutics', 'Strategic Amendment', 'ABBV-230 Development', 'AbbVie', 'Partnership', 'Sylvie Détry sylvie', 'FP2COM Florence Portejoie fportejoie', '283 U.S. Media Contact', 'French Media Contact', 'parties’ continued enthusiasm', 'global net sales', 'full economic entitlements', 'immune cell recruitment', 'Marc Le Bozec', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unmet patient needs', 'leading academic institutions', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'deep immunology expertise', 'sales-based milestone payments', 'Milestone Payment Adjustment', 'core immunology expertise', 'clinical development stage', 'Phase 1 clinical study', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics SA', 'existing commercialization rights', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics’ Role', 'OSE Immunotherapeutics assets', 'immunology innovation', 'core strengths', 'key role', 'multiple diseases', 'serious diseases', 'December 8th', '7:30am CET', 'monoclonal antibody', 'early-stage development', 'future development', 'successful completion', 'revised approach', 'development responsibilities', 'Early Development', 'adequate funding', 'sole discretion', 'exclusive licensee', 'Commercial Terms', 'following stages', 'dual-function receptor', 'innovative program', 'transformative therapies', 'Press Release', 'class assets', 'I&I', 'transformative medicines', 'Kate Barrette', 'historical facts', 'financial projections', 'Future Rights', 'severe inflammation', 'Amended Agreement', 'original agreement', 'strategic partnership', 'Phase 1 development', 'Strategic Amendment', 'Long-Term Commitment', 'overall value', 'biopharmaceutical companies', 'Additional information', 'implied information', 'partnership agreement', 'biotech company', 'ABBV-230 Development', 'Forward-looking statements', 'inflammation resolution', 'Fiona Olivier', 'AbbVie', 'NANTES', 'France', 'ISIN', 'Mnemo', 'control', 'potential', 'Highlights', 'responsibility', 'preclinical', 'activities', 'leadership', 'royalties', 'initiation', 'candidate', 'ChemR23', 'ligand', 'activity', 'therapy', 'collaboration', 'progress', 'OSE-2', 'February', 'immuno-oncology', 'immuno-inflammation', 'today', 'tomorrow', 'efforts', 'market', 'people', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'website', 'LinkedIn', 'Contacts', 'kbarrette', 'rooneypartners', 'express', 'respect', 'assu']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54106,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/business/ben-jerrys-board-chair-does-not-plan-to-resign-as-pressure-mounts-from-unilever-unit/articleshow/125824377.cms,Ben & Jerry's board chair does not plan to resign as pressure mounts from Unilever unit,Ben & Jerry's independent board chair Anuradha Mittal refuses to resign despite Unilever's pressure ahead of Magnum's public spinoff. Unilever claims Mittal no longer meets criteria following internal investigations and an audit of the Ben & Jerry's Foundatio…,"Live Eventsas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Addas a Reliable and Trusted News Source Add Now!(You can now subscribe to our(You can now subscribe to our Economic Times WhatsApp channelThe chair of Ben & Jerry's independent board said she has no plans to resign as Unilever pressures her ahead of Monday's public spinoff of its Magnum ice cream division  which will include the Vermont-based brand. Magnum  a longtime division of the consumer goods conglomerate  said last month that the chair  Anuradha Mittal   ""no longer meets the criteria"" to serve after internal investigations  without providing further details. Magnum will list publicly on Euronext on Monday  and is inheriting a deepening corporate feud between Unilever and Ben & Jerry's  stemming from the politically progressive brand's stance on the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories.An audit of the separate Ben & Jerry's Foundation  a U.S.-based non-profit where Mittal is also a trustee  found deficiencies in financial controls and governance. Mittal has been the chair of Ben & Jerry's independent board since 2018  according to her LinkedIn profile  and a trustee of the foundation since 2012  according to its website.""The so-called audit of the foundation was a manufactured inquiry - engineered to attempt to discredit me "" Mittal said in her statement  saying she will not resign. ""It is important to understand that this is not simply an attack on me as chair. It is Unilever's attempt to undermine the authority of the Board itself.""Mittal said she is carrying out her role as chair with respect for the social mission and product quality responsibilities given to the board in Ben & Jerry's 2000 merger agreement with Unilever. Magnum  along with Unilever  did not immediately respond to a request for comment.As a standalone unit  Magnum will command roughly one-fifth of the global ice cream market. The company has warned in securities filings that actions by Ben & Jerry's could result in reputational damage  boycotts or investor claims.The Ben & Jerry's independent board is aimed at preserving the brand's social mission  while the foundation  a separate U.S.-based non-profit  receives millions in contributions solely from the company based on how much of the premium ice cream is sold.The board has sued Unilever twice in recent years  most recently accusing its corporate parent of censoring it over statements it wanted to make on Gaza. Unilever has said the brand has evolved into one-sided advocacy on polarizing topics.In a separate statement  the foundation's board of trustees said it has been told that the audit's ""central unresolved issue is Unilever/Magnum's demand that Anuradha Mittal ... be removed as a Foundation trustee.""It also said Magnum and Unilever continues to withhold funding for the foundation despite contractual obligations and the organization's cooperation with the audit.The counsel for the independent board added that the Ben & Jerry's Foundation's governance has been the same for over 20 years.""Either Unilever has been asleep at the wheel for over 20 years while disbursing millions  or there is an ulterior motive "" it said.",negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['board chair', 'pressure mounts', 'Unilever unit', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'separate U.S.-based non-profit', 'Economic Times WhatsApp channel', 'global ice cream market', 'Magnum ice cream division', 'premium ice cream', 'Trusted News Source', 'consumer goods conglomerate', 'Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories', 'product quality responsibilities', 'central unresolved issue', 'deepening corporate feud', 'longtime division', 'corporate parent', 'separate statement', 'separate Ben', 'Live Events', 'public spinoff', 'internal investigations', 'financial controls', 'LinkedIn profile', 'social mission', '2000 merger agreement', 'standalone unit', 'securities filings', 'reputational damage', 'investor claims', 'one-sided advocacy', 'polarizing topics', 'contractual obligations', 'ulterior motive', 'independent board', 'Vermont-based brand', 'progressive brand', 'The Ben', 'Anuradha Mittal', 'recent years', 'Ben & Jerry', 'Foundation trustee', '20 years', 'Reliable', 'Addas', 'chair', 'plans', 'Unilever', 'Monday', 'criteria', 'details', 'Euronext', 'stance', 'audit', 'deficiencies', 'governance', 'website', 'inquiry', 'attack', 'attempt', 'authority', 'role', 'respect', 'request', 'comment', 'one-fifth', 'company', 'actions', 'boycotts', 'millions', 'contributions', 'statements', 'Gaza', 'trustees', 'demand', 'funding', 'organization', 'cooperation', 'counsel', 'wheel']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,economictimes.indiatimes.com
54107,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rte.ie/news/business/2025/1208/1547812-ben-jerrys-board-chair-says-does-not-plan-to-resign/,Ben & Jerry's board chair says does not plan to resign,The chair of Ben & Jerry's independent board said she has no plans to resign as Unilever pressures her ahead of today's public spinoff of its Magnum ice cream division  which will include the Vermont-based brand.,"The chair of Ben & Jerry's independent board said she has no plans to resign as Unilever pressures her ahead of today's public spinoff of its Magnum ice cream division  which will include the Vermont-based brand.Magnum  a longtime division of the consumer goods conglomerate  said last month that the chair  Anuradha Mittal  ""no longer meets the criteria"" to serve after internal investigations  without providing further details.Magnum today listed publicly on Euronext  and is inheriting a deepening corporate feud between Unilever and Ben & Jerry's  stemming from the politically progressive brand's stance on the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories.An audit of the separate Ben & Jerry's Foundation  a US-based non-profit where Mittal is also a trustee  found deficiencies in financial controls and governance.Mittal has been the chair of Ben & Jerry's independent board since 2018  according to her LinkedIn profile  and a trustee of the foundation since 2012  according to its website.""The so-called audit of the foundation was a manufactured inquiry - engineered to attempt to discredit me "" Mittal said in her statement  saying she will not resign.""It is important to understand that this is not simply an attack on me as chair. It is Unilever's attempt to undermine the authority of the Board itself "" she added.Mittal said she is carrying out her role as chair with respect for the social mission and product quality responsibilities given to the board in Ben & Jerry's 2000 merger agreement with Unilever.As a standalone unit  Magnum will command roughly one-fifth of the global ice cream market. The company has warned in securities filings that actions by Ben & Jerry's could result in reputational damage  boycotts or investor claims.The Ben & Jerry's independent board is aimed at preserving the brand's social mission  while the foundation  a separate US-based non-profit  receives millions in contributions solely from the company based on how much of the premium ice cream is sold.The board has sued Unilever twice in recent years  most recently accusing its corporate parent of censoring it over statements it wanted to make on Gaza. Unilever has said the brand has evolved into one-sided advocacy on polarising topics.In a separate statement  the foundation's board of trustees said it has been told that the audit's ""central unresolved issue is Unilever/Magnum’s demand that Anuradha Mittal be removed as a Foundation trustee.""It also said Magnum and Unilever continues to withhold funding for the foundation despite contractual obligations and the organisation's cooperation with the audit.The counsel for the independent board added that the Ben & Jerry's Foundation's governance has been the same for over 20 years.""Either Unilever has been asleep at the wheel for over 20 years while disbursing millions  or there is an ulterior motive "" it said.",neutral,0.01,0.66,0.33,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['board chair', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'global ice cream market', 'Magnum ice cream division', 'premium ice cream', 'consumer goods conglomerate', 'Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories', 'product quality responsibilities', 'central unresolved issue', 'deepening corporate feud', 'separate US-based non-profit', 'longtime division', 'corporate parent', 'public spinoff', 'internal investigations', 'financial controls', 'LinkedIn profile', 'social mission', '2000 merger agreement', 'standalone unit', 'securities filings', 'reputational damage', 'investor claims', 'one-sided advocacy', 'polarising topics', 'contractual obligations', 'ulterior motive', 'separate statement', 'separate Ben', 'independent board', 'Vermont-based brand', 'progressive brand', 'The Ben', 'Anuradha Mittal', 'recent years', 'Ben & Jerry', 'Foundation trustee', '20 years', 'chair', 'plans', 'Unilever', 'today', 'criteria', 'details', 'Euronext', 'stance', 'audit', 'deficiencies', 'governance', 'website', 'inquiry', 'attack', 'attempt', 'authority', 'role', 'respect', 'one-fifth', 'company', 'actions', 'boycotts', 'millions', 'contributions', 'statements', 'Gaza', 'trustees', 'demand', 'funding', 'organisation', 'cooperation', 'counsel', 'wheel']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,rte.ie
54108,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/12/08/3201202/0/en/Galapagos-Presented-New-ATALANTA-1-Cell-Therapy-Data-in-MCL-at-ASH-2025.html,Galapagos Presented New ATALANTA-1 Cell Therapy Data in MCL at ASH 2025,High complete response rates and minimal residual disease (MRD) negativity  with durable responses  in high-risk mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) with GLPG5101  a fresh  early memory-enriched CAR T-cell therapy with a 7-day vein-to-vein time,High complete response rates and minimal residual disease (MRD) negativity  with durable responses  in high-risk mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) with GLPG5101  a fresh  early memory-enriched CAR T-cell therapy with a 7-day vein-to-vein timeMechelen  Belgium; December 8  2025  07:30 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) announced new and updated Phase 2 data from the ongoing ATALANTA-1 study with its CD19 CAR T-cell therapy candidate  GLPG5101  during an oral presentation (#662) at the 67th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting.“The new and updated results from the Phase 2 ATALANTA-1 study demonstrate that GLPG5101 offers timely treatment with low rates of high-grade toxicities and durable responses for patients with relapsed or refractory MCL ” said Marie José Kersten  MD  ATALANTA-1 Principal Investigator and Professor of Hematology at Amsterdam University Medical Center. “The short 7-day vein-to-vein time enabled a low dropout rate and eliminated the need for bridging therapy  allowing more patients to receive treatment who otherwise might not have been able to access CAR T-cell therapy.”Summary of ATALANTA-1 data from the MCL cohort (pooled data across two dose levels):As of September 2  2025 (data cut-off date)  26 heavily pretreated MCL patients had undergone leukapheresis and 25 had received an infusion of GLPG5101 (4% dropout rate). Of these  24 patients received a fresh product  with 23 infused within seven days after apheresis.Among infused patients (N=24)  the objective response rate (ORR) was 100%  with a complete response rate (CRR) of 96%. Duration of response (DOR) and progression-free survival (PFS) rates were both 83% at a median follow-up of 9 months.9 of 10 (90%) of minimal residual disease (MRD)-evaluable patients were MRD-negative at CR and 7 of 9 MRD-negative patients remained in CR at the time of the data cut-off.GLPG5101 showed an encouraging safety profile (N=24). The most common Grade ≥ 3 treatment-emergent adverse events were hematologic. No Grade ≥ 3 CRS was observed  and only one case of Grade ≥ 3 ICANS occurred.GLPG5101 demonstrated robust in vivo CAR T-cell expansion and long-term persistence with an enrichment of early memory phenotypes.Intention to wind down Galapagos’ cell therapy activitiesAs announced on October 21  2025  and following a comprehensive strategic and evaluation and sales process  Galapagos remains focused on the intention to wind down the cell therapy activities. This intention is subject to the conclusion of consultations with works councils in Belgium and the Netherlands  during which Galapagos will continue to operate the business and conduct ongoing clinical studies. Galapagos would still consider any viable proposal to acquire all  or part of the cell therapy business  should such a proposal emerge during the wind down process.About GLPG5101 and ATALANTA-1 (EudraCT 2021-003272-13; NCT 06561425)GLPG5101 is a second generation anti-CD19/4-1BB CAR-T product candidate  administered as a single fixed intravenous dose. The safety  efficacy and feasibility of decentralized manufactured GLPG5101 are currently being evaluated in the ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study in eight hematological malignancies with high unmet need. The primary objective of the Phase 1 part of the study is to evaluate safety and to determine the recommended dose for the Phase 2 part of the study. Secondary objectives include assessment of efficacy and feasibility of decentralized manufacturing of GLPG5101. The dose levels that were evaluated in Phase 1 are 50×106 (DL1)  110×106 (DL2) and 250×106 (DL3) CAR+ viable T-cells. The primary objective of the Phase 2 part of the study is to evaluate the Objective Response Rate (ORR) while the secondary objectives include Complete Response Rate (CRR)  duration of response  progression free survival  overall survival  safety  pharmacokinetic profile  and the feasibility of decentralized manufacturing. Each enrolled patient will be followed for 24 months. The ATALANTA-1 study is currently enrolling patients in the U.S. and Europe.For further information  contact Galapagos:Investor RelationsGlenn Schulman+1 412 522 6239ir@glpg.comCorporate CommunicationsMarieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603media@glpg.comVisit us at www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.Forward-looking statementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “plan ” “estimate ” “will ” “continue ” “aim ” “intend ” “future ” “potential ” “could ” “indicate ” “forward ” “may ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding Galapagos’ plans  expectations and strategy with respect to its cell therapy business  including statements regarding its plans  expectations and strategy for GLPG5101 and its other product candidates and partnered programs  Galapagos’ intention to wind down its cell therapy business as part of its ongoing transformation  the expected timing  design and readouts of the ATALANTA-1 study  and the potential benefits of Galapagos’ product candidates. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause Galapagos’ actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that Galapagos will not be able to successfully implement the winding down of its cell therapy business within the expected timeframe or at all  or if implemented  the wind down will not achieve its anticipated economic benefits; the risk that preliminary or interim clinical results may not be replicated in ongoing or subsequent clinical trials  the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies with Galapagos’ product candidates  including GLPG5101  may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs may not support registration or further development of GLPG5101 due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties (including its collaboration partners Lonza and US WorldMeds)  and that Galapagos’ estimations regarding its GLPG5101 development programs and regarding the commercial potential of GLPG5101 may be incorrect  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its subsequent filings with the SEC. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances or changes in expectations. Further  Galapagos cannot assess the impact of each such factor on its business or the extent to which any factor  or combination of factors  may cause actual results to be materially different from those contained in any forward-looking statement.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.27,0.57,True,English,"['New ATALANTA-1 Cell Therapy Data', 'Galapagos', 'MCL', 'ASH', 'fresh, early memory-enriched CAR T-cell therapy', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'CD19 CAR T-cell therapy candidate', 'vivo CAR T-cell expansion', 'Amsterdam University Medical Center', 'high-risk mantle cell lymphoma', 'single fixed intravenous dose', 'Galapagos’ cell therapy activities', 'High complete response rates', '26 heavily pretreated MCL patients', 'ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'early memory phenotypes', 'cell therapy business', 'minimal residual disease', '67th American Society', 'Marie José Kersten', 'ATALANTA-1 Principal Investigator', '≥ 3 treatment-emergent adverse events', 'ongoing clinical studies', 'eight hematological malignancies', 'wind down process', 'high unmet need', 'CAR+ viable T-cells', 'other product candidates', 'ongoing ATALANTA-1 study', 'The ATALANTA-1 study', 'two dose levels', 'objective response rate', 'low dropout rate', 'short 7-day vein', 'Phase 2 ATALANTA-1 study', 'data cut-off date', 'encouraging safety profile', 'MRD)-evaluable patients', 'fresh product', 'bridging therapy', '4% dropout rate', 'low rates', 'ATALANTA-1 data', 'PFS) rates', 'sales process', 'primary objective', 'pharmacokinetic profile', 'Phase 2 data', 'refractory MCL', 'MCL cohort', 'Phase 1 part', 'Phase 2 part', 'MRD) negativity', 'durable responses', 'oral presentation', 'high-grade toxicities', 'seven days', 'progression-free survival', 'median follow-up', 'one case', 'long-term persistence', 'comprehensive strategic', 'works councils', 'viable proposal', 'second generation', 'decentralized manufactured', 'Secondary objectives', 'decentralized manufacturing', 'overall survival', 'U.S.', 'Investor Relations', 'Glenn Schulman', 'Corporate Communications', 'Marieke Vermeersch', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'partnered progra', 'vein time', '9 MRD-negative patients', 'Galapagos NV', 'updated results', 'timely treatment', 'Forward-looking statements', 'common Grade', 'Galapagos’ plans', '24 patients', 'GLPG510', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'December', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'new', 'Hematology', 'MD', 'Professor', 'Summary', 'September', 'leukapheresis', 'infusion', 'infused', 'ORR', 'CRR', 'Duration', 'DOR', '9 months', '≥ 3 CRS', '≥ 3 ICANS', 'enrichment', 'Intention', 'October', 'evaluation', 'conclusion', 'consultations', 'Netherlands', 'EudraCT', 'NCT', 'efficacy', 'feasibility', 'assessment', '24 months', 'Europe', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'meaning', 'words', 'phrases', 'future', 'expectations', 'strategy', 'respect', '07:30', '×']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,globenewswire.com
54109,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://en.protothema.gr/2025/12/08/the-mess-on-the-balcony-continues-pierres-four-days-the-contractors-radar-the-indians-cross-party-party-and-marinopoulos-succession/,The mess on the balcony (continues)  Pierre’s four days  the contractors’ radar  the Indian’s cross-party...party and Marinopoulos’ succession,The visit of the US diplomatic mission to Heraklion port & the strategic moves of shipownersThe post The mess on the balcony (continues)  Pierre’s four days  the contractors’ radar  the Indian’s cross-party…party and Marinopoulos’ succession appeared first o…,Newsroom December 8 11:30Hello  we are heading toward the Christmas holidays with relative calm in politics—at least in the front-line issues concerning the government—because in the Left opposition there’s the usual commotion; they’ve all become…a tangled mess after Tsipras’ book. It seems logical to me that these people have lost their compass  given their past  which  between us  never showed even the slightest sign of serious structure. Most of them were some politically-minded jokers in cafés  trying to grab onto something—now once again onto Tsipras—in hopes of managing to keep or regain some sort of paycheck. All of this is  between us  a bit depressing  but since there is no real opposition and these types are also entering the “political equation” of a future government  they become dangerous. I read yesterday that the director of Avgi resigned—or was made to resign—I don’t know the man  but I wonder: in such a tangled mess  how is a journalist supposed to imagine what the party line is? I also read Tsipras’ non-paper and barely understood… what exactly the poet is trying to say; basically they’re writing something to justify the balcony  since it proved too heavy for the Left. Honestly  did nobody in SYRIZA or the New Left think to ask where they would be seated  or at least did nobody from their own side tip them off before they entered the hall? Silly questions  I have  right?Blockades and PASOK– Now  the issue of the moment remains the farmers and the road blockades. There’s plenty of discussion and noise but  in my opinion  nothing unprecedented—although this year conditions truly are harsher due to the problems with OPEKEPE subsidies and the sheep pox; indeed  farmers are much more squeezed than in the past. The government  however  methodically and calmly intends to handle this without allowing certain extremes (which do not appear for now)  because they know that when the money comes before Christmas  and when work in the fields restarts in late January  the situation will calm down. In this landscape I observe PASOK’s stance  which is absolutely telling  because the needle simply isn’t moving. Ten MPs have come out and said… one of everything about the blockades. One is in favor  another is covertly against (in favor of “society as a whole”…)  and another simply denounces any journalist asking about provocateurs—and all of them denounce Mitsotakis. Okay  you’ll say  what are they supposed to do? For as long as I can remember  the opposition climbs onto the tractors every Christmas.Final stretch for Pierre– Let’s move on to the serious stuff. On Thursday  the 20 European finance ministers vote for the president of the Eurogroup  where Pierrakakis is fighting to defeat his opponent  the Belgian who comes from the same party (EPP)  and to secure an extremely important position both for the country and for himself. Since last night  Pierre is in Paris  and it seems he is completing his campaign there by speaking with Macron’s senior officials. There is optimism  but the match ends in extra time and is usually decided by details. Still  the mobilization and effort of the Greek side is significant  and of course it is led by Mitsotakis himself. If achieved  it would be something important for the country  considering what has happened and what we have heard over the last 15 years from our partners: From Juncker’s “game over” to the inept Papakonstantinou  from Sarkozy’s epic line to G.A. Papandreou when he told him he wanted to hold a referendum—“you are a f…ing psychopath”—to that “wow” from Varoufakis to Dijsselbloem; well  it’s not a small thing that we are now vying for the presidency of the Eurogroup.Parliamentary Group– In other news  Mitsotakis’ dinner with ND MPs  which was supposed to take place last Thursday at “Karavitis”  now seems unlikely to happen due to scheduling. Instead  I hear that on Friday morning  since he will already be in Parliament for the start of the budget debate  K.M. is planning a meeting of the parliamentary group  so he’ll have the chance to talk with all MPs. And probably to hear from some of them as well.Meeting of Presidents– Around this time  K.M. is also planning to… warm up the party mechanism. Also on Friday he will meet in Parliament with the newly-elected presidents of ND’s regional organizations. And over the weekend the so-called meeting of the presidents will convene at OAKA—the assembly of the new regional and municipal organization presidents of ND who emerged from the recent internal elections. Mitsotakis and all ministers will be present.“Massaging” the Mayors…– Staying with ND matters  on the 17th of the month the general assembly of KEDE will convene  with the agenda being the resolution on the new Local Government Code and the new electoral law that Livanios is introducing. I must tell you that the party has begun to seriously work on preparing the mayors  because last time in Alexandroupoli  when they were left… relaxed  quite a few of them got up and left  and the Doukas faction ended up “matching up against” the faction of President Kyrizoglou  who actually controls two-thirds of the mayors. So now is not the time for laxity.Papastavrou at the Kennedy Center Honors– Stavros Papastavrou received a very honorable invitation from the U.S. government and attended yesterday the event at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts  along with 500 other distinguished guests  among whom were members of the Cabinet  top American businessmen  executives of multinational companies  Senators  and of course President Trump himself  who also happens to be Chairman of the Center’s Board. At the event  the U.S. President awarded artists and groups who have consistently supported American art  bringing it around the world and still heard today on our radios. Among them were Kiss  Gloria Gaynor  and others. I see that the Papastavrou–American relationship has moved to another level…Upheaval at National Insurance– The CEO of National Insurance  Dimitris Mazarakis  is entering the new environment of Piraeus Group with enthusiasm  seeking to upgrade his company’s operations to meet modern customer needs and challenges. So we should soon expect new entries at National Insurance  as Stavros Karagrigorios  Director of Financial Services  and Sales Director Heraklis Daskalopoulos are expected to complete their tenure at the end of this year. Both positions are very important for the next day  when everything in the company and in the insurance market is changing. Something will remain the same  though: the brand name  since it represents the history of the country’s most important insurance company—as confirmed by Piraeus Bank CEO Christos Megalou at the general meeting when asked. However  changes in the group are expected to be broader  considering the operational transformation brought by the merger of the holding company with the bank. Restructurings and consolidation of similar departments are expected to give new momentum to the group—which it seeks anyway.On the contractors’ radar– The construction companies that completed the Patras–Pyrgos project—whose last 10 km were delivered last Thursday—are now looking for the “tail end” of the Olympia Odos. GEK TERNA  Aktor  and AVAX  which sprinted over the last three years to complete the project  are now turning their attention to the major unfinished part of the road axis: Pyrgos–Kalo Nero–Tsakona  about 90 km long  which would complete Olympia Odos and the Peloponnese road ring. The task  however  is anything but simple. The project was “frozen” in 2010 after the cancellation of the environmental permits for the route near Lake Kaiafas. According to the Council of State’s ruling  widening the existing road would seriously burden the lake ecosystem and the protected Natura area  already damaged by the 2007 wildfires. The court accepted objections from residents and landowners in Zacharo  ruling that the route had not been sufficiently evaluated regarding its effects on flora  fauna  and nearby settlements. Today two alternatives are being examined: a new eastern route through Lapitha in Zacharo with a tunnel up to 10 km (technically safe but expensive)  or upgrading the current route with two lanes and a median barrier (much cheaper and with lower environmental impact). The cost is estimated at €700 million to €1 billion depending on the technical solution—an amount difficult to finance given the low traffic volumes. Filing and evaluation of the dossier by the Commission is expected to begin in 2026  with the Patras–Pyrgos experience serving as a “guide”. But since these procedures won’t be fast  construction firms are turning to the next major contracts: flood-control works along the Olympia Odos corridor  which are expected to provide significant workload in the coming period.The Indian’s party– The “square”… and the “balcony” together appeared Friday night at the annual reception hosted by Indian businessman Taizoon Khorakiwala of the Switz Group at the Ekali Club  celebrating 10 years in the Greek market—also fueling the chatter in the groups discussing the events on the Left. Alexis Tsipras may not have attended this year to avoid triggering discussion  but he was “represented” by close associates such as Dimitris Liakos  now a member of the Scientific Council of the Tsipras Institute. Present were also SYRIZA president Sokratis Famellos  Nikos Pappas  Olga Gerovasili  and others. From the government  among others  were Adonis Georgiadis  Makis Voridis  Grigoris Dimitriadis  Lefteris Oikonomou  and Giannis Smyrlis. There were PASOK representatives too—Odysseas Konstantinopoulos and Dimitris Mantzos—and also Andrikos Papandreou. From the business world  attendees included Fokion Karavias of Eurobank  Nikos Karamouzis of SMERC  Giorgos Chatzinikolaou of Piraeus Bank  Periklis Mazarakis of Golden Age Capital (where Mr. Khorakiwala has invested)  Giannis Papadopoulos of EOS Capital  Takis Solomos of Elikonos  Giuseppe Ziano of Euroxx  Thanasis Papanikolaou and Panagiotis Throuvalas of Vivartia  Giorgos Skouras  the management of Optima Bank  Giorgos Portokalidis of Ioniki Sfoliata  the Benaki family of Olympus Foods  and many others. The head of the Switz Group noted that this year the Group’s revenue across the 11 countries in which it operates will exceed $700 million  with an EBITDA margin of 15%. The European division  led by Greece and headed by Elias Davos  is expected this year to exceed €300 million in revenue  according to Davos himself.The non-succession of MarinopoulosPanos Marinopoulos  who passed away recently  at the end of November and prematurely  had left his mark in various sectors of business. Among other things  he was also the main visionary behind bringing the Starbucks coffee chain to our country. Although in recent years he had withdrawn from the forefront  he continued until his death to be a member of the Board of Directors of Marinopoulos Coffee Company  which manages the network of the American brand in Greece. As the column learns  immediately after the passing of Panos Marinopoulos  the company’s Board of Directors convened and decided on the “continuation of the management and representation of the company without replacing the deceased member  Panagiotis I. Marinopoulos.” In the company’s articles of association there is a relevant provision stating that “in the event of the death of a member of the Board of Directors  the remaining members may continue the management and representation of the company without replacing the deceased member  provided that their number exceeds half of the members prior to the death of the member and is at least three.” Given that these conditions were met  the Chairman proposed (and the Board decided) to continue the management and representation of the company  until the expiry of the term of the Board  without replacing the deceased member  by the remaining three with the same signing and representation powers as defined by the decision of the Board of Directors of 14.07.2025. Thus  the Board of Directors of Marinopoulos Coffee Company now consists of Stefanos Marinopoulos (son of Ioannis) as chairman  Panagiotis Marinopoulos (son of Dimitrios) as vice-chairman  and Ioannis Marinopoulos (son of Stefanos) as member.The new investment in CreteTourism continues to attract new projects — after all  investments in the sector in hotels  rentals  and all kinds of accommodations are estimated annually at 5 billion euros  as mentioned at the general assembly of Athens hoteliers  based on data from the Institute of the Greek Tourism Confederation (INSETE). In the “flagship” of the industry  Crete  investments continue at an unrelenting pace  and within this framework another tourism investment is progressing through the licensing process by a group with a history in the island’s hospitality sector and 5-star resorts in the Georgioupolis area. This refers to the project of around 50 million euros for the new hotel complex by ANAX Hotel Company  which is connected to the Vantarakis group. It is a 5-star hotel with a capacity of 499 beds at the “Tzougaris” location in the Municipal Unit of Georgioupolis  municipality of Apokoronas  in the prefecture of Chania. For the project  the Environmental Terms Approval Decision (AEPO) has now been issued. The investment is planned on an area of over 63 stremmata  with a building area of 12 778 sq.m.The visit of the U.S. diplomatic mission to Heraklion portThe visit of the American economic mission to the Port of Heraklion  even if officially presented as a routine informational meeting  carries its own political interest. And this is because the port  as well as that of Igoumenitsa  now falls under the control of the Italian Grimaldi Group  which has a systematic presence in Greek coastal shipping and regional ports. Behind the scenes  many see the American visit as a “mapping” exercise of the new landscape forming in the country’s strategic ports. Washington closely monitors developments in the maritime infrastructure of the Eastern Mediterranean  especially when they are linked to international groups with significant influence on commodity flows and transport. There are quite a few who argue that the Americans wanted to gain a clearer picture of how the Italian group plans the next phase for the ports of Heraklion and Igoumenitsa  what projects are being promoted  and especially what opportunities for cooperation or influence may arise in the context of the energy transition  digitalization  and cruising. Another factor also enters this “mosaic”: the American side has shown increasing interest in recent years in infrastructure with geostrategic significance — and Greek ports are no exception. The fact that Heraklion has been upgraded into a major hub for cruising and trade  while simultaneously building green infrastructure and strengthening its role in the Mediterranean supply chain  makes the presence of the American delegation even more… interesting.The strategic moves of shipownersGreek shipowners are moving with strategic maturity and not with chaotic expansion  as analysts and shipbrokers point out at every opportunity. They are shedding older vessels as long as selling prices remain high  investing in newer and more efficient ones where fundamentals are strong  and maintaining a balanced fleet ready to capitalize on a medium-term positive cycle. They continue targeted investments while beginning to receive newbuilds  young second-hand vessels  and also branching into different ship types beyond those in which they currently operate. GasLog  owned by Peter Livanos  has received the new LNG carrier “Woodside Barrumbara ” with advanced high-energy-efficiency technologies  strengthening its fleet at a time of increased demand for safe and sustainable transportation. The new Kamsarmax “Gallia Graeca II” joined Angelakos (Hellas) S.A.  owned by Captain Stefanos Angelakos  as the first of eight environmentally friendly Kamsarmax vessels  creating one of the largest and most environmentally advanced Kamsarmax fleets globally. At the same time  Element Shipmanagement  led by Alexandros Lemonides  is expanding from containerships into dry bulk with the acquisition of M/V “Union Groove ” marking a strategically calculated entry into a growing sector. Alimia  owned by Thanasis and Odysseas Laskaridis  placed an order for two LR2 vessels for delivery in the first half of 2027  bringing its fleet close to 40 ships  while Minerva  owned by Andreas Martinos Jr.  is receiving its first LR2 tanker for delivery in January 2027.The golden mean in bankingThe weakening of the distinction between global and regional banking groups was highlighted in the interesting discussion between Piraeus Bank CEO Christos Megalou and ING Bank UK CEO Alexandra MacMahon at the Financial Times “Global Banking Summit ” which was held in London last week. The panel was titled “Global vs. regional banks — Does scale still determine success?” and in his remarks  Mr. Megalou emphasized that winners will be those who manage to combine the strong infrastructure and breadth that scale ensures with the flexibility and local expertise typical of regional institutions. “The key is the combination of scale and agility ” he stressed  noting that “mid-sized banks are the golden mean  as they are large enough to innovate  yet flexible enough to respond quickly.” He even cited as an example the acquisition of the Athens Stock Exchange (ATHEX) by Euronext. “The integration of ATHEX into Euronext’s pan-European network not only strengthens the group’s footprint but shows how regional advantages can be multiplied when linked with stronger platforms ” he said  adding that “it serves as a model for how mid-sized organizations can retain their local expertise while leveraging broader resources and deeper liquidity pools.” We do not know what Mr. Megalou has in mind as a dealmaker  but responding to questions about possible mergers and acquisitions  he also referred to the recent acquisition of National Insurance  saying that “the opportunity to acquire the No. 1 insurance company in the domestic market does not come often.”The Hellenic Holding and Property Company (HCAP / ‘Superfund’) in the spotlightThe Prime Minister has summoned today to his office the Minister of Shipping and the leadership of the Hellenic Holdings and Property Company (Superfund) to present the final plan they have prepared and are recommending for the new upgrade policy of the country’s ports. These interventions aim to strengthen and change the management model of the ports in order to improve their competitiveness against private ports. At the same time  the relaunch of the tender for the property in Markopoulo reveals yet another strategic shift by the Superfund’s leadership. After the cancellation of the initial tender by the Council of State in 2024  the new preparatory tender announced on Friday constitutes a substantial reformulation aimed at avoiding new legal pitfalls.Central bankers’ daysTomorrow and the day after  the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) of the FED meets  and Wall Street is certain that another quarter-point rate cut will be announced. Next week  the European Central Bank takes its turn. In Frankfurt  they eagerly await Jerome Powell’s press conference at 14:30 on Wednesday to shape their strategy. The U.S. Consumer Price Index remains at 2.8%  well above the Fed’s 2% inflation target. This means that the American central banker will announce the rate cut  but at the same time warn that this decision does not signal further cuts early next year. The current Fed chair emphasizes  at every opportunity  that there are risks on both sides of the Fed’s dual mandate — stable prices and maximum employment — and monetary policy must reflect this risk. However  at the same time  the “shadow” central banker whom Trump will announce soon (and whose name will certainly be Kevin) will be pushing for larger rate cuts…The new — long-running — Netflix seriesOn Friday  Netflix surprised Wall Street by announcing that it intends to buy Warner Bros. Discovery’s film studio and streaming platforms for 83 billion dollars  including its debts. Until a few days ago  this acquisition was considered an unlikely scenario  despite Warner Bros.’ anxiety to sell. In the end  Netflix offered a large amount which  at least for now  erased the chances of another Warner deal with Paramount Skydance. The truth is that Netflix’s announcement did not excite its shareholders  and the stock fell by –2.9% on Friday and –6% over the past week. Most analysts believe that Netflix is paying an excessively high amount for the assets it will acquire  which include the Warner Bros film studio  HBO  and HBO Max. In their joint press release  the two companies promoted nearly 90 years of media franchises  from The Wizard of Oz and Casablanca to Friends  The Sopranos  and Harry Potter. Combined with Netflix’s major hits  such as KPop Demon Hunters and Squid Game  the two companies appeared convinced that they would “define the entertainment narrative for the next century.” However  Warner Bros. Discovery’s stock closed on Friday at 26.08 dollars  below Netflix’s offer of 27.75 dollars. This means that the market retains doubts about the completion of the deal. Additionally  it may take 12 to 18 months and significant questions will need to be answered regarding government approval both in the U.S. and in Europe.,neutral,0.01,0.85,0.14,mixed,0.14,0.2,0.65,True,English,"['four days', 'contractors’ radar', 'Marinopoulos’ succession', 'mess', 'balcony', 'Pierre', 'Indian', 'cross-party', 'new Local Government Code', 'G.A. Papandreou', 'recent internal elections', 'new electoral law', '20 European finance ministers', 'municipal organization presidents', 'new regional', 'New Left', 'relative calm', 'front-line issues', 'usual commotion', 'tangled mess', 'slightest sign', 'serious structure', 'minded jokers', 'cafés', 'political equation', 'future government', 'Silly questions', 'OPEKEPE subsidies', 'sheep pox', 'late January', 'Final stretch', 'serious stuff', 'important position', 'last night', 'senior officials', 'last 15 years', 'inept Papakonstantinou', 'epic line', 'small thing', 'Parliamentary Group', 'other news', 'budget debate', 'K.M.', 'regional organizations', 'party line', 'same party', 'party mechanism', 'real opposition', 'Ten MPs', 'Christmas holidays', 'extra time', 'Greek side', 'Friday morning', 'ND matters', 'general assembly', 'Doukas faction', 'President Kyr', 'Left opposition', 'road blockades', 'ND MPs', 'Newsroom', 'politics', 'book', 'people', 'compass', 'past', 'something', 'Tsipras', 'hopes', 'sort', 'paycheck', 'types', 'director', 'Avgi', 'man', 'journalist', 'paper', 'poet', 'balcony', 'SYRIZA', 'hall', 'PASOK', 'moment', 'farmers', 'plenty', 'discussion', 'noise', 'opinion', 'conditions', 'problems', 'extremes', 'money', 'work', 'fields', 'situation', 'landscape', 'stance', 'needle', 'everything', 'favor', 'society', 'provocateurs', 'Mitsotakis', 'tractors', 'Pierre', 'Thursday', 'Eurogroup', 'Pierrakakis', 'opponent', 'Belgian', 'EPP', 'country', 'Paris', 'campaign', 'Macron', 'optimism', 'match', 'details', 'mobilization', 'effort', 'partners', 'Juncker', 'game', 'Sarkozy', 'referendum', 'psychopath', 'Varoufakis', 'Dijsselbloem', 'presidency', 'dinner', 'place', 'Karavitis', 'scheduling', 'start', 'meeting', 'chance', 'weekend', 'OAKA', 'Mayors', '17th', 'month', 'KEDE', 'agenda', 'resolution', 'Livanios', 'Alexandroupoli']",2025-12-08,2025-12-09,en.protothema.gr
