UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
23627,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-annual-general-meeting-25-164900316.html,Decisions at the Annual General Meeting 25 April 2023,"The Annual General Meeting of AB Fagerhult (publ) was held on 25 April 2023 in Fagerhult (the ""AGM"").","HABO  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of AB Fagerhult (publ) was held on 25 April 2023 in Fagerhult (the ""AGM"").All resolutions were made in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors or the Nomination Committee. Complete information regarding the proposals to the AGM is available on the company's website  www.fagerhultgroup.com.Income statement and balance sheetsThe AGM adopted the income statement and the balance sheet for the parent company as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet for the financial year 2022.DividendThe AGM resolved to pay a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 1.60 per share. The record date for receiving dividend was set to 27 April 2023 and the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting on 3 May 2023.Discharge from liabilityEach of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO were discharged from liability for their administration of the company during the financial year 2022.FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the members of the Board of Directors and to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  as well as fees for work in the committees of the Board of Directors as follows:SEK 1 010 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors;SEK 390 000 each to the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the AGM and not employed in the Fagerhult Group;SEK 134 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 80 000 each to the other members of the Audit Committee; andSEK 50 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 25 000 each to the other members of the Remuneration Committee.The AGM resolved that the company's auditor's fees will be paid based on current account.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected members of the Board of Directors. Jan Svensson  Eric Douglas  Cecilia Fasth  Teresa Enander and Magnus Meyer were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Eva Elmstedt was elected as new member of the Board of Directors.Story continuesJan Svensson was re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Eric Douglas was re-elected as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.AuditorThe AGM elected the auditing firm KPMG AB as auditor for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting and the auditing firm has announced that Authorized Public Accountant Mathias Arvidsson will to serve as chief auditor.Principles for the composition of the Nomination CommitteeThe principles for the composition of the Nomination Committee were adopted. The adopted principles are in line with the principles adopted and in force during 2019-2022.Principles for remuneration to senior managementThe principles for remuneration to senior management were adopted.Remuneration Report for 2022The AGM approved the Board of Director's report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.2023 Performance-based Share-Savings PlanThe AGM resolved to approve a performance-based share-savings plan (the ""2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan""). The AGM also resolved to approve the delivery and hedging measures proposed by theBoard of Directors for the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan.The program includes up to 90 senior executives in the Fagerhult Group. The participant in the program must acquire shares in Fagerhult at market price to a value between 2.5 percent and 12 percent of the participant's annual base salary. Each acquired share entitles the participant to four performance share rights after a three-year vesting period and each performance share right then entitles to a free share on the conditions set out below.Following the publication of Fagerhult's interim report for the first quarter of 2026  the participants in the program will be allotted shares in Fagerhult  provided continued employment and that the investment in Fagerhult shares has lasted in its entirety during the same period. In order for the allotment of shares to take place  it is also required that a financial performance target related to earnings per share for the Fagerhult Group during the financial years 2023-2025 is achieved.The maximum number of shares in Fagerhult that can be issued in accordance with the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan is limited to 1 344 284  which corresponds to approximately 0.76 percent of the outstanding shares and votes.Earnings per allotted share are limited to a maximum amount of SEK 149  which corresponds to approximately three times the volume-weighted average share price for Fagerhult shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during February 2023.The Board of Directors has estimated the average value of each performance share right at approximately SEK 57 50. The total estimated value of the performance share rights amounts to approximately SEK 10.4 million which corresponds to approximately 0.10 percent of Fagerhult's market capitalization as of 1 March  2023.The cost of the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan in the form of personnel costs is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 3.75 million  which corresponds to approximately 0.15 percent of Fagerhult's total personnel costs during the financial year 2022.The main motives for establishing the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan are to strengthen the company's ability to recruit and retain employees  spread and increase shareholding among employees and create a group-wide focus for the employees concerned.Authorisations to the Board regarding acquisition and disposal of own sharesIn order to secure the company's commitments under the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with possible acquisitions and to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  the AGM resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions during the period until the next annual general meeting  acquire own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm to the extent the company holds total shares amounts to a maximum of one tenth of all shares in the company. Acquisitions according to the authorization must take place at a price within the price interval registered at any given time. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to transfer a maximum of 1 344 284 repurchased shares free of charge to participants in the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan who are entitled to receive allotment of shares in accordance with the terms of the program.Company name and amendment of the articles of associationThe AGM resolved to change AB Fagerhult's company name to Fagerhult Group AB. The resolution included an associated change in § 1 of the company's articles association to therein include the resolved company name Fagerhult Group AB.Minutes with complete resolutions from the AGM will be made available on the company's website  www.fagerhultgroup.com  no later than 9 May 2023. A copy of the Minutes  except the voting list  will be sent upon request to shareholders.Habo  25 April 2023This disclosure contains information that Fagerhult is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU nr 596/2014). The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person  on 25-04-2023 18:38 CET.CONTACT:For more information  please contact:Bodil Sonesson  President and CEO  +46 722 23 76 02  bodil.sonesson@fagerhultgroup.comMichael Wood  CFO  +46 730 87 46 47  michael.wood@fagerhultgroup.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1781/3756519/2011368.pdf Fagerhult  Decisions at the Annual General Meeting 25 April 2023CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/decisions-at-the-annual-general-meeting-25-april-2023-301807180.htmlSOURCE Fagerhult",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.24,0.26,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Decisions', 'Authorized Public Accountant Mathias Arvidsson', 'next annual general meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'four performance share rights', 'annual base salary', 'Swedish Companies Act', '2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan', 'financial performance target', 'three-year vesting period', 'total estimated value', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'average share price', 'average value', 'balance sheets', 'KPMG AB', 'financial year', 'Nomination Committee', 'Complete information', 'Income statement', 'record date', 'Audit Committee', 'current account', 'Jan Svensson', 'Eric Douglas', 'Cecilia Fasth', 'Teresa Enander', 'Magnus Meyer', 'Eva Elmstedt', 'new member', 'auditing firm', 'senior management', 'hedging measures', '90 senior executives', 'free share', 'first quarter', 'continued employment', 'same period', 'maximum number', 'maximum amount', 'three times', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'personnel costs', 'AB Fagerhult', 'The AGM', 'interim report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Fagerhult Group', 'market capitalization', 'other members', 'outstanding shares', 'The Board', 'Remuneration Report', 'parent company', 'chief auditor', 'Vice Chairman', 'Fagerhult shares', 'HABO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'website', 'fagerhultgroup', 'Dividend', 'shareholders', 'SEK', '3 May', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'administration', 'Fees', 'work', 'committees', 'Story', 'close', 'Principles', 'composition', 'line', 'force', 'compensation', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'delivery', 'program', 'participant', '2.5 percent', '12 percent', 'conditions', 'publication', 'investment', 'entirety', 'order', 'allotment', 'place', 'earnings', '0.76 percent', 'votes', 'volume-weighted', 'February', '0.10 percent', '1 March']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23628,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BANK-OF-CYPRUS-HOLDINGS-P-34942027/news/Bank-of-Cyprus-Public-General-Meeting-43632249/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Bank of Cyprus Public : General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Annual General Meeting - 26 May 2023   The AGM of the Company will be held at 11:00 a.m. / 9:00 a.m. on Friday 26 May 2023 at the Company's Headquarters  51 Stassinos Street  Ayia Paraskevi  2002 Strovolos  Nicosia  Cyprus. Shareholder…,"THIS DOCUMENT IS IMPORTANT AND REQUIRES YOUR IMMEDIATE ATTENTION. If you are in doubt about the action you should take  you are recommended to immediately obtain your own personal financial advice from your duly authorised stockbroker  solicitor  accountant or other independent professional adviser. If you have sold or transferred all your Bank of Cyprus Holdings Public Limited Company (""BOCH PLC"") shares or Depositary Interests representing Shares of BOCH PLC (""DI"")  please send this document  together with the accompanying Shareholder Form of Proxy (""Form of Proxy"") and DI Holder Form of Proxy Nomination (""DI Form of Proxy"") at once to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  or other agent through or by whom the sale or transfer was effected  for delivery to the purchaser or transferee. Bank of Cyprus Holdings Public Limited Company Notice of Annual General Meeting On Friday 26 May 2023 at 11:00 a.m. (Cyprus time) / 9:00 a.m. (Irish Time) at 51 Stassinos Street  Ayia Paraskevi  2002 Strovolos  Nicosia  Cyprus. Notice of the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Bank of Cyprus Holdings Public Limited Company (the ""Company"") is set out on pages 5 to 24 of this document. The process for appointing a proxy and/or voting at the meeting will depend on the manner in which you hold your Ordinary Shares in the Company. A Form of Proxy for certificated shareholders for the AGM accompanies this document. For shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company (i.e. those who hold their Ordinary Shares in certificated form and who therefore do not hold their interests in Ordinary Shares as Belgian law rights through the Euroclear Bank SA/NV (""Euroclear Bank"") system (the ""EB System"") (""EB Participants"") or as CREST Depositary Interests (""CDIs"") through the CREST system (""CREST"") (""Shareholders"")  the Form of Proxy must be completed and returned to the Company's Registrars  Link Registrars Limited at P.O. Box 7117  Dublin 2  Ireland (if delivered by post) or to Link Registrars Limited  Suite 149  The Capel Building  Mary's Abbey  Dublin 7  D07 DP79   Ireland (if delivered by hand during normal business hours) so as to be received by no later than 11:00 a.m. (Cyprus time) / 9:00 a.m. (Irish time) on Wednesday 24 May 2023. Alternatively  you may appoint a proxy electronically by visiting the website of the Company's Registrars at www.signalshares.com and entering the Company name  Bank of Cyprus Holdings PLC. You will need to register for the Share Portal by clicking on ""registration section"" (if you have not registered previously) and following the instructions. You will need your Investor Code (""IVC"") which can be found on your share certificate. Additionally  Link Registrars has launched a shareholder app: LinkVote+. It's free to download and use and gives shareholders the ability to access their shareholding record at any time and allows users to submit a proxy appointment quickly and easily online rather than through the post. The app is available to download on both the Apple App Store and Google Play  or by scanning the relevant QR code below. Page 1CSE Depository Interest Holders (""DI Holders"") wishing to appoint a proxy should use a DI Form of Proxy. To be valid  DI Forms of Proxy must be completed  signed and returned  together with any power of attorney or other authority under which it is executed  or a notarially certified copy thereof  to Investor Relations & ESG Department  51 Stassinos Street  Ayia Paraskevi  2002 Strovolos  Nicosia  Cyprus or P.O. Box 21472  1599 Nicosia  Cyprus  e-mail: shares@bankofcyprus.com fax: + 357 22 120245 so as to reach such address no later than 11:00 a.m. (Cyprus time) / 9:00 a.m. (Irish time) on Wednesday 24 May 2023. Those who hold their interests in Ordinary Shares as Belgian law rights through the EB System or as CDIs through CREST will also need to comply with any additional voting deadlines imposed by the respective service offerings. All persons affected are recommended to consult with their stockbroker or other intermediary at the earliest opportunity for further information on the processes and timelines for submitting proxy votes for the AGM through the respective systems. For voting services offered by custodians holding Irish corporate securities directly with Euroclear Bank  please contact your custodian. Further Information for the holders of CDIs (""CDI Holders"") Euroclear UK & International Limited (""EUI"")  the operator of CREST  has arranged for voting instructions relating to the CDIs held in CREST to be received via a third-party service provider  Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited (""Broadridge""). Further details on this service are set out on the ""All you need to know about SRD II in Euroclear UK & International"" webpage (see section CREST International Service - Proxy Voting). If you are a CDI Holder  you will be required to make use of the EUI proxy voting service facilitated by Broadridge Global Proxy Voting service in order to receive meeting announcements and send back voting instructions  as required. To facilitate client set up  if you hold CDIs and wish to participate in the proxy voting service  you will need to complete a Meetings and Voting Client Set-up Form (CRT408). Completed application forms should be returned to EUI by an authorised signatory with another relevant authorised signatory copied in for verification purposes using the following email address: eui.srd2@euroclear.com. Fully completed and returned application forms will be shared with Broadridge by EUI. This will enable Broadridge to contact you and share further detailed information on the service offering and initiate the process for granting your access to the Broadridge platform. Once CDI Holders have access to the Broadridge platform  they can complete and submit proxy appointments (including voting instructions) electronically. Broadridge will process and deliver proxy voting instructions received from CDI Holders by the Broadridge voting deadline date to Euroclear Bank  by their cut-off and to agreed market requirements. Alternatively  a CDI Holder can send a third-party proxy voting instruction through the Broadridge platform in order to appoint a third party (who may be a corporate representative or the CDI Holder themselves) to attend and vote at the meeting for the number of Ordinary Shares specified in the proxy instruction (subject to the Broadridge voting deadline). There is no facility to offer a letter of representation/appoint a corporate representative other than through the submission of third-partyproxy appointment instructions through Broadridge. Broadridge's voting deadline will be earlier than Euroclear Bank's voting instruction deadline as set out below and is expected to be at least two (2) business days prior to the Euroclear Bank proxy appointment deadline (i.e. Monday 22 May 2023). Voting instructions cannot be changed or cancelled after Broadridge's voting deadline. CDI Holders are strongly encouraged to familiarise themselves with the arrangements with Broadridge  including the voting deadlines and procedures and to take  as soon as possible  any further actions required by Broadridge before they can avail of this voting service. Should you have any queries in relation to completing and submitting proxy appointments (including voting instructions) electronically via Broadridge  please contact your dedicated client service representative at Broadridge. Page 2Further Information for Euroclear Bank Participants EB Participants can submit proxy appointments (including voting instructions) electronically in the manner described in the document issued by Euroclear Bank in January 2023 and entitled ""Euroclear Bank as issuer CSD for Irish corporate securities"" (the ""Euroclear Bank Service Description""). EB Participants can either send: electronic voting instructions to instruct Euroclear Nominees Limited (i.e. the nominee of Euroclear Bank) ("" Euroclear Nominees "") to either itself or by appointing the Chairman as proxy on the instruction of Euroclear Nominees to: vote in favour of all or a specific resolution(s); vote against for all or a specific resolution(s); abstain for all or a specific resolution(s); or give discretionary vote to the Chairman for all or a specific resolution(s); or a proxy voting instruction to appoint a third party (other than Euroclear Nominees or the Chairman of the AGM) (who may be a corporate representative or the EB Participant themselves) to attend the meeting and vote for the number of Ordinary Shares specified in the proxy voting instruction by providing Euroclear Bank with the proxy details as requested in its notification (e.g. proxy first name  proxy last name  proxy address). There is no facility to offer a letter of representation/appoint a corporate representative other than through the submission of third-party proxy appointment instructions . Euroclear Bank's voting instruction deadline is expected to be at 10:00 a.m. (Cyprus time) / 8:00 a.m. (Irish time) on Wednesday 24 May 2023.Voting instructions cannot be changed or cancelled after Euroclear Bank's voting deadline. Group Profile The Bank of Cyprus Group is the leading banking and financial services group in Cyprus  providing a wide range of financial products and services which include retail and commercial banking  finance  factoring  investment banking  brokerage  fund management  private banking and life and general insurance. At 31 December 2022  the Bank of Cyprus Group operated through a total of 64 branches in Cyprus  of which 4 operated as cash offices. The Bank of Cyprus Group employed 2 889 staff worldwide. At 31 December 2022  the Group's Total Assets amounted to €25.4 bn and Total Equity was €2.1 bn. The Bank of Cyprus Group comprises Bank of Cyprus Holdings Public Limited Company  its subsidiary Bank of Cyprus Public Company Limited and its subsidiaries. Page 3Dear shareholders Bank of Cyprus Holdings Public Limited Company (the ""Company"") - Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") - 26 May 2023 The AGM of the Company will be held at 11:00 a.m. (Cyprus time) / 9:00 a.m. (Irish time) on Friday 26 May 2023 at the Company's Headquarters  51 Stassinos Street  Ayia Paraskevi  2002 Strovolos  Nicosia  Cyprus. Shareholders in Ireland may participate in the AGM by audio link at the registered office of the Company  Ten Earlsfort Terrace  Dublin 2  D02 T380  Ireland at the same time as the AGM  (i.e. commencing at 9:00 a.m. (Irish time) on Friday 26 May 2023). Shareholders will also have the ability to listen to the meeting by electronic means and the ability to vote by either submitting a proxy form in advance of the meeting or by using the electronic voting facility. This document includes important information on the business of the AGM  including the resolutions to be voted on by shareholders at the AGM. If you wish to listen live to the AGM proceedings  you can do so by availing of the electronic meeting facility by accessing the AGM website  https://web.lumiagm.com. This will allow you to audio cast the AGM and shareholders can submit questions and votes through the website. Further instructions on how to attend the meeting remotely are set on pages 20 - 24 and on the Company's website www.bankofcyprus.com/group/(select Investor Relations / Annual General Meeting 2023). Before the AGM  a shareholder may also submit a question in writing  to be received at least four business days before the meeting (i.e. by Monday 22 May 2023) by post to the Company Secretary  Bank of Cyprus Holdings Public Limited Company  51 Stassinos Street  Ayia Paraskevi  2002 Strovolos  Nicosia  Cyprus or by email to Company.Secretary@bankofcyprus.com. All correspondence should include sufficient information to identify you as a Shareholder  DI Holder  EB Participant or CDI Holder. Responses to the most common questions will be posted on the Company's website on www.bankofcyprus.com/group/(Investor Relations / Annual General Meeting 2023) and we also anticipate responding in writing directly to any individual shareholder who raises a question. All resolutions will be taken on a poll vote. On a poll  each shareholder has one vote for every share held. Electronic voting will be used at the AGM. The results of the voting will be posted on our website (www.bankofcyprus.com/group/) after the meeting and notified to the London Stock Exchange and Cyprus Stock Exchange. There are 15 Resolutions proposed for this year's AGM. Explanatory notes for each proposed Resolution are contained in the enclosed Notice. These resolutions are routine for bank holding companies listed on the London Stock Exchange and seek to provide the Board with the renewal of a customary and generally accepted range of options so as to allow the Board to respond effectively and on a timely basis to circumstances that might arise. The Directors of the Company consider the Resolutions proposed to be in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders (including DI Holders) as a whole and unanimously recommend shareholders and DI Holders to vote in favour of them all  as they intend to do in respect of their own shareholdings. We would like to thank you for your continued support. Yours sincerely Efstratios-Georgios Arapoglou Chairman 25 April 2023 Page 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['General Meeting', 'Bank', 'Cyprus', 'Cyprus Holdings Public Limited Company Notice', 'Broadridge Global Proxy Voting service', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions Limited', 'other independent professional adviser', 'CSE Depository Interest Holders', 'Cyprus Holdings PLC', 'EUI proxy voting service', 'personal financial advice', 'third-party service provider', 'Belgian law rights', 'P.O. Box', 'The Capel Building', 'normal business hours', 'respective service offerings', 'additional voting deadlines', 'relevant QR code', 'Link Registrars Limited', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Irish corporate securities', 'Apple App Store', 'accompanying Shareholder Form', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'CREST International Service', 'Euroclear Bank"") system', 'DI Holder Form', 'International Limited', 'CREST Depositary Interests', 'Cyprus time', 'voting services', 'Company name', 'BOCH PLC', 'other agent', 'Investor Code', 'shareholder app', 'other authority', 'other intermediary', 'respective systems', 'CDI Holder', 'Euroclear UK', 'voting instructions', 'EB System', 'DI Holders', 'meeting announcements', 'Irish Time', 'IMMEDIATE ATTENTION', 'Friday 26 May', '51 Stassinos Street', 'Ayia Paraskevi', 'EB Participants', 'Wednesday 24 May', 'Share Portal', 'share certificate', 'shareholding record', 'Google Play', 'DI Forms', 'Investor Relations', 'ESG Department', 'earliest opportunity', 'Further details', 'SRD II', 'CREST system', 'Proxy Nomination', 'proxy appointment', 'proxy votes', 'Ordinary Shares', 'registration section', 'Further Information', 'certificated shareholders', 'DOCUMENT', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'sale', 'delivery', '11:00 a', '9:00 a', '2002 Strovolos', 'Nicosia', 'AGM', 'pages', 'process', 'manner', 'names', 'register', 'members', 'CDIs', 'Dublin', 'Ireland', 'post', 'Suite', 'Mary', 'Abbey', 'D07', 'hand', 'website', 'signalshares', 'IVC', 'LinkVote', 'ability', 'users', 'power', 'attorney', 'copy', 'mail', 'fax', 'address', 'persons', 'timelines', 'custodians', 'operator', 'webpage', 'order', 'client']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23629,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653617/0/en/Resolutions-at-the-Annual-General-Meeting-in-HMS-Networks.html,Resolutions at the Annual General Meeting in HMS Networks,HMS Networks AB (publ) held its Annual General Meeting on April 25  2023. The Meeting resolved in favour of all matters in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee. The main contents of the most important resolution…,English SwedishHMS Networks AB (publ) held its Annual General Meeting on April 25  2023. The Meeting resolved in favour of all matters in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee. The main contents of the most important resolutions are described below.ALLOCATION OF EARNINGSThe Annual General Meeting resolved to approve the Board's proposed dividend of SEK 4.00 per share. The record date for the dividend was set to be April 27  2023. The dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden on May 3  2023.ADOPTION OF THE INCOME STATEMENT AND BALANCE SHEET AND DISCHARGE FROM LIABILITYThe Annual General Meeting resolved to adopt the income statement and balance sheet for HMS Networks AB and the group as presented by the Board. The Board and the CEO were discharged from liability for the 2022 financial year.ELECTION OF BOARD MEMBERS AND AUDITORS AND DETERMINATION OF FEESThe Annual General Meeting resolved in accordance with the Nominating Committee's proposals  namely:that six (6) Board members should be elected without any deputies that one (1) registered public accounting firm should be elected as auditor that Charlotte Brogren  Fredrik Hansson  Anders Mörck  Cecilia Wachtmeister  Niklas Edling and Anna Kleine should be re-elected as Board members that Charlotte Brogren should be re-elected as Chairman of the Board that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  with Johan Palmgren as auditor in charge  should be re-elected as auditor that the fees to the Board members should amount to a total of SEK 2 085 000  of which SEK 695 000 should be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 278 000 to each other Board member  and that fee for work in the Audit Committee should amount to SEK 114 000 to the Chairman and SEK 57 000 to each other member in the Audit Committee  and that no fees should be paid for work in other committees.BOARD'S REMUNERATION REPORTThe Annual General Meeting approved the Board's remuneration report.AUTHORISATION OF THE BOARD TO RESOLVE ON NEW SHARE ISSUESThe Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Board's proposal  to authorise the Board to resolve on new share issues of maximum 2 340 943 shares in order to finance or carry out company acquisitions with the company’s own shares.IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE SAVING PLAN 2024-2027 AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES TO ENABLE DELIVERY OF SHARES WITHIN THE PROGRAMThe Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Board's proposal  to implement a performance-based share saving plan  Share Saving Plan 2024-2027. The program is addressed to all employees and comprise a maximum of 70 000 shares. In order to enable the company’s delivery of shares to the participants in the program  the Annual General Meeting further resolved  in accordance with the Board’s proposal  to authorise the Board to repurchase a maximum of 70 000 of the company’s own shares and to transfer the repurchased shares to the participants in the program.For more information  please contact:Staffan Dahlström  CEO HMS  +46 (0)35 17 29 01Joakim Nideborn  CFO HMS  +46 (0)35 710 6983HMS Networks AB (publ) is a market-leading provider of solutions in industrial information and communication technology (Industrial ICT). HMS develops and manufactures products under the Anybus®  Ixxat®  Ewon® and Intesis® brands. Development takes place at the headquarter in Halmstad and also in Ravensburg  Nivelles  Igualada  Wetzlar  Buchen  Delft  Sibiu  Rotterdam and Bilbao. Local sales and support are handled by branch offices in Germany  USA  Japan  China  Singapore  Italy  France  Spain  the Netherlands  India  UK  Sweden  South Korea  Australia and UAE  as well as through a worldwide network of distributors and partners. HMS employs over 780 people and reported sales of SEK 2 506 million in 2022. HMS is listed on the NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm in the Large Cap segment and Telecommunications sector.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.33,0.15,0.52,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'HMS Networks', 'Resolutions', 'one (1) registered public accounting firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'performance-based share saving plan', 'Anders Mörck', 'Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'Staffan Dahlström', 'Large Cap segment', 'NEW SHARE ISSUES', 'HMS Networks AB', 'six (6) Board members', 'other Board member', 'other member', 'other committees', 'The Board', 'English Swedish', 'Nomination Committee', 'main contents', 'important resolutions', 'record date', 'INCOME STATEMENT', 'BALANCE SHEET', '2022 financial year', 'Nominating Committee', 'Charlotte Brogren', 'Fredrik Hansson', 'Cecilia Wachtmeister', 'Niklas Edling', 'Anna Kleine', 'Johan Palmgren', 'Audit Committee', 'REMUNERATION REPORT', 'HEDGING ACTIVITIES', 'Joakim Nideborn', 'CFO HMS', 'market-leading provider', 'communication technology', 'Industrial ICT', 'Intesis® brands', 'branch offices', 'South Korea', 'worldwide network', 'NASDAQ OMX', 'Telecommunications sector', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'CEO HMS', 'industrial information', 'Local sales', 'company acquisitions', 'maximum 2,340,943 shares', '70,000 shares', 'April', 'favour', 'matters', 'accordance', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'ALLOCATION', 'EARNINGS', 'SEK', 'May', 'ADOPTION', 'DISCHARGE', 'LIABILITY', 'group', 'ELECTION', 'AUDITORS', 'DETERMINATION', 'FEES', 'deputies', 'Chairman', 'total', 'AUTHORISATION', 'order', 'IMPLEMENTATION', 'DELIVERY', 'PROGRAM', 'employees', 'participants', 'products', 'Anybus®', 'Ixxat®', 'Ewon®', 'Development', 'place', 'headquarter', 'Halmstad', 'Ravensburg', 'Nivelles', 'Igualada', 'Wetzlar', 'Buchen', 'Delft', 'Sibiu', 'Rotterdam', 'Bilbao', 'support', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Japan', 'China', 'Singapore', 'Italy', 'France', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'India', 'UK', 'Australia', 'UAE', 'distributors', 'partners', '780 people', 'Stockholm', 'Attachment', '35']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23630,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HMS-NETWORKS-AB-PUBL-35110043/news/Resolutions-at-the-Annual-General-Meeting-in-HMS-Networks-43628499/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Resolutions at the Annual General Meeting in HMS Networks,(marketscreener.com) HMS Networks AB held its Annual General Meeting on April 25  2023. The Meeting resolved in favour of all matters in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee. The main contents of the most import…,HMS Networks AB (publ) held its Annual General Meeting on April 25  2023. The Meeting resolved in favour of all matters in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors and the Nomination Committee. The main contents of the most important resolutions are described below.ALLOCATION OF EARNINGSThe Annual General Meeting resolved to approve the Board's proposed dividend of SEK 4.00 per share. The record date for the dividend was set to be April 27  2023. The dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden on May 3  2023.ADOPTION OF THE INCOME STATEMENT AND BALANCE SHEET AND DISCHARGE FROM LIABILITYThe Annual General Meeting resolved to adopt the income statement and balance sheet for HMS Networks AB and the group as presented by the Board. The Board and the CEO were discharged from liability for the 2022 financial year.ELECTION OF BOARD MEMBERS AND AUDITORS AND DETERMINATION OF FEESThe Annual General Meeting resolved in accordance with the Nominating Committee's proposals  namely:that six (6) Board members should be elected without any deputies that one (1) registered public accounting firm should be elected as auditor that Charlotte Brogren  Fredrik Hansson  Anders Mörck  Cecilia Wachtmeister  Niklas Edling and Anna Kleine should be re-elected as Board members that Charlotte Brogren should be re-elected as Chairman of the Board that Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB  with Johan Palmgren as auditor in charge  should be re-elected as auditor that the fees to the Board members should amount to a total of SEK 2 085 000  of which SEK 695 000 should be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 278 000 to each other Board member  and that fee for work in the Audit Committee should amount to SEK 114 000 to the Chairman and SEK 57 000 to each other member in the Audit Committee  and that no fees should be paid for work in other committees.BOARD'S REMUNERATION REPORTThe Annual General Meeting approved the Board's remuneration report.AUTHORISATION OF THE BOARD TO RESOLVE ON NEW SHARE ISSUESThe Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Board's proposal  to authorise the Board to resolve on new share issues of maximum 2 340 943 shares in order to finance or carry out company acquisitions with the company’s own shares.IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE SAVING PLAN 2024-2027 AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES TO ENABLE DELIVERY OF SHARES WITHIN THE PROGRAMThe Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Board's proposal  to implement a performance-based share saving plan  Share Saving Plan 2024-2027. The program is addressed to all employees and comprise a maximum of 70 000 shares. In order to enable the company’s delivery of shares to the participants in the program  the Annual General Meeting further resolved  in accordance with the Board’s proposal  to authorise the Board to repurchase a maximum of 70 000 of the company’s own shares and to transfer the repurchased shares to the participants in the program.For more information  please contact:Staffan Dahlström  CEO HMS  +46 (0)35 17 29 01Joakim Nideborn  CFO HMS  +46 (0)35 710 6983HMS Networks AB (publ) is a market-leading provider of solutions in industrial information and communication technology (Industrial ICT). HMS develops and manufactures products under the Anybus®  Ixxat®  Ewon® and Intesis® brands. Development takes place at the headquarter in Halmstad and also in Ravensburg  Nivelles  Igualada  Wetzlar  Buchen  Delft  Sibiu  Rotterdam and Bilbao. Local sales and support are handled by branch offices in Germany  USA  Japan  China  Singapore  Italy  France  Spain  the Netherlands  India  UK  Sweden  South Korea  Australia and UAE  as well as through a worldwide network of distributors and partners. HMS employs over 780 people and reported sales of SEK 2 506 million in 2022. HMS is listed on the NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm in the Large Cap segment and Telecommunications sector.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.18,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'HMS Networks', 'Resolutions', 'one (1) registered public accounting firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'performance-based share saving plan', 'Anders Mörck', 'Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB', 'Staffan Dahlström', 'Large Cap segment', 'NEW SHARE ISSUES', 'HMS Networks AB', 'six (6) Board members', 'other Board member', 'other member', 'other committees', 'The Board', 'Nomination Committee', 'main contents', 'important resolutions', 'record date', 'INCOME STATEMENT', 'BALANCE SHEET', '2022 financial year', 'Nominating Committee', 'Charlotte Brogren', 'Fredrik Hansson', 'Cecilia Wachtmeister', 'Niklas Edling', 'Anna Kleine', 'Johan Palmgren', 'Audit Committee', 'REMUNERATION REPORT', 'HEDGING ACTIVITIES', 'Joakim Nideborn', 'CFO HMS', 'market-leading provider', 'communication technology', 'Industrial ICT', 'Intesis® brands', 'branch offices', 'South Korea', 'worldwide network', 'NASDAQ OMX', 'Telecommunications sector', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'CEO HMS', 'industrial information', 'Local sales', 'company acquisitions', 'maximum 2,340,943 shares', '70,000 shares', 'April', 'favour', 'matters', 'accordance', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'ALLOCATION', 'EARNINGS', 'SEK', 'May', 'ADOPTION', 'DISCHARGE', 'LIABILITY', 'group', 'ELECTION', 'AUDITORS', 'DETERMINATION', 'FEES', 'deputies', 'Chairman', 'total', 'AUTHORISATION', 'order', 'IMPLEMENTATION', 'DELIVERY', 'PROGRAM', 'employees', 'participants', 'products', 'Anybus®', 'Ixxat®', 'Ewon®', 'Development', 'place', 'headquarter', 'Halmstad', 'Ravensburg', 'Nivelles', 'Igualada', 'Wetzlar', 'Buchen', 'Delft', 'Sibiu', 'Rotterdam', 'Bilbao', 'support', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Japan', 'China', 'Singapore', 'Italy', 'France', 'Spain', 'Netherlands', 'India', 'UK', 'Australia', 'UAE', 'distributors', 'partners', '780 people', 'Stockholm', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23631,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/convening-notice-annual-general-meeting-070200779.html,CONVENING NOTICE - ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNOVIA AB (publ),"Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") will take place on Friday 26th May 2023 at 9.00 at The...","LUND  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") will take place on Friday 26th May 2023 at 9.00 at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lund.Pursuant to section 9 of Immunovia AB's articles of association  the board has resolved that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by post. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights in person at the meeting  by proxy or through advance voting via regular mail or e-mail.Preconditions for participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the AGM must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 17th May 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the AGM no later than 22nd May 2023  either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Medicon Village  223 63 Lund or via email to bolagsstamma@immunovia.com  or by casting an advance vote in accordance with what is set out below no later than 22nd May 2023. A participation notice shall contain name and personal identity number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  registered shareholding in Immunovia AB and number of attending assistants  if any (not more than 2).To be entitled to participate in the AGM  in addition to providing notification of participation  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 17th May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than 22nd May 2023 will be taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Story continuesAdvance voting via regular mail or e-mailThe shareholders may also exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A special form shall be used for advance voting  which once completed and signed shall be sent to the company either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Medicon Village  223 63 Lund or via email to bolagsstamma@immunovia.com . The voting form will be available at the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/ . The voting form must be received by the company no later than 22nd May 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the voting form. Submission of a voting form is considered as a notification of participation.Authorisation documentsShareholders who are represented by proxy must issue a written  dated proxy for the representative. Such proxy forms are available at https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/. The proxy should be sent to the company in accordance with the above  together with the participation notice or with the advance notice form. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent certificate of authority must be submitted to the company.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meeting Preparation and approval of voting list Election of person(s) to approve the minutes Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual report and audit report Decision on:a.approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet  and the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheetb.approval of allocations regarding the company's loss according to the adopted balance sheetc.whether to discharge the directors and the managing director from liability Determination of fees for the board  committees and the auditors Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditorsa.Re-election Philipp von Hugob.Re-election Peter Høngaard Andersen (as Board member)c.Election Vanessa Rollingsd.Election Helge Lubenowe.Election Sven Andréassonf.Election Peter Høngaard Andersen (Chairman of the Board)g.Omval Mats-Åke Andersson (auditor)h.Omval Martin Gustafsson (deputy auditor) Resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to management Resolution on authorization of the board to resolve on new issue of shares Closing of the meetingResolution proposals at Immunovia AB's Annual General Meeting1 Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meetingThe nomination committee for the 2023 AGM has consisted of its chairman Peter Lindvall (representing Mikael Löfman)  Mats Leifland (representing Mats Ohlin) Ranny Davidoff (representing himself) and Carl Borrebaeck in his capacity as Chairman of the Board. Since Carl Borrebaeck was also one of the three largest shareholders  he has made his seat (in his capacity as a shareholder) available to the next shareholder. Carl Borrebaeck has chosen  as from 13th April 2023  not to participate in the nomination committee's work due to personal reasons.The nomination committee proposes that business lawyer Fredrik Önnerfors should be elected as chairman for the meeting or  if he is not able to participate at the meeting  another person proposed by the nomination committee.7 b approval of allocations regarding the company's loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe board proposes that the company's losses shall be allocated in accordance with the proposal set out in the annual report for 2022.8 Determination of fees for the board  committees and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board shall receive SEK 550 000 and each of the other members of the board shall receive SEK 240 000. Remuneration for committee work is proposed to amount to SEK 30 000 for members of the audit and remuneration committees and SEK 50 000 for the chairmen of the audit and remuneration committees. Travel expenses will be reimbursed in accordance with company policy. Lastly  the nomination committee proposes that the auditor's fees are to be paid as per approved invoice.9 Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the number of board members shall be five  with no deputy members  that board members Philipp von Hugo and Peter Høngaard Andersen shall be re-elected as board members  and that Vanessa Rollings  Helge Lubenow and Sven Andréasson shall be elected as new board members.After having founded the company and served as Immunovia's Chairman of the Board since the start in 2007  Carl Borrebaeck has himself elected not to stand for re-election at the Annual General Meeting  and will thereby leave Immunovia's Board in order to increase his involvement in his other development companies. Martin Möller  Eric Krafft and Hans Johansson have declined re-election.Peter Høngaard Andersen is proposed to be elected Chairman of the Board.Vanessa RollingsVanessa Rollings is a senior financial executive with over 25 years of experience assisting healthcare  technology  and consumer & retail companies scale their business. Vanessa's career reflects a demonstrated track record of building and developing high-functioning finance and accounting teams  leading corporate development  raising capital  rapidly growing revenues  building out a business intelligence function  managing investor relations  and executing M&A transactions in domestic and global markets. Vanessa is currently CFO of Big Health  a privately-held digital therapeutics company providing safe and effective non-drug alternatives for the most common mental health conditions. Previously  Vanessa was the Chief Financial Officer of Tempus Labs  Inc.  a privately-held  data driven precision medicine company. She has held CFO roles at three other companies  including a consulting firm with ~$100 million in annual revenues and a health-tech venture capital firm. Prior to her CFO roles  Vanessa was an investment banker focused on sell-side mergers & acquisitions at William Blair. Vanessa has an MBA in finance and marketing from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a Bachelors of Business Administration from the University of Notre Dame.Vanessa Rollings is independent in relation to the company  the company's management and the company's major shareholders.. She currently holds no shares in Immunovia.Helge LubenowDr. Helge Lubenow (*1968  German) studied Biology and earned the doctoral degree at the University of Cologne and the Max-Planck-Institute in the field of genetics. After joining Qiagen GmbH  Germany  in 1997  Dr. Lubenow held various positions  most recently Senior Vice President  Head of Molecular Diagnostic Business. During this time  Dr. Lubenow also assumed positions in enterprises newly acquired by Qiagen GmbH  such as Corbett Life Science  Sydney  Australia and Digene Inc.  Gaithersburg  U.S.A. and was responsible for integration of the respective enterprise. In 2016  Dr. Lubenow founded her own consulting firm AGOS Consulting. From 2018 to 2019 she was the managing director of tesa Labtec GmbH a manufacturer of pharmaceutical special dosage forms. In January 2020 she was appointed as CEO of Proteomedix AG  Zurich  Switzerland  an organization engaged in prostate cancer diagnostics for which she had served as a member of the board since 2017. Dr. Lubenow has many years of experience in the field of molecular diagnostics within a broad network in the health sector  in management consulting and is an expert for the in vitro diagnostics industry in Europe  Asia and the United States. Dr. Lubenow is an independent member (within the meaning of the German Corporate Governance Code) of the legally required supervisory boards of the following companies: Biofrontera AG  Leverkusen  Germany (since December 2021); Epigenomics AG  Berlin  Germany (since June 2016). Dr. Lubenow is a member of the following comparable control committees of domestic and foreign companies: Neracare GmbH  Frankfurt am Main  Germany; Human Gesellschaft für Biochemica und Diagnostica mbH  Wiesbaden  Germany; Avelo AG  Schlieren  Switzerland. Helge Lubenow is independent in relation to the company  the company's management and the company's major shareholders. She currently holds no shares in Immunovia.Sven AndréassonSven Andréasson has more than 40 years' experience as an executive in the life science industry. He started his career at Kabi  Stockholm  where he became CEO for the German  UK and Belgian subsidiaries. He subsequently became head of the Biopharmaceutical division responsible for human growth hormones  blood plasma products  and LMW heparin/ thrombolytic cardiovascular products. After the acquisition of Pharmacia in 1989 he became President of Pharmacia International in Brussels  Belgium and later Pharmacia SA  Paris  France (today part of Pfizer). From 1999 he served for nine years as the President and CEO of Active Biotech  Lund Sweden  a publicly traded company developing innovative products for autoimmune diseases including multiple sclerosis (partnered with TEVA) and for various cancers. He subsequently became CEO of Beta-Cell NV  in Brussels  a company developing cell-based treatments for diabetes. In February 2012 he became CEO of Isconova AB  a vaccine development company acquired by Novavax Inc  MD  USA where he is Senior VP  Business & Corporate Development. Sven Andréasson has an MSc in business administration and finance from the Stockholm School of Economics. Sven Andreasson is independent in relation to the company  the company's management and the company's major shareholders. He currently holds no shares in ImmunoviaMore information concerning the board members proposed for re-election can be found on the company's website and in the annual report for 2022.The nomination committee also proposes that the chartered accountant Mats-Åke Andersson  HLB Auditoriet AB  is re-elected as auditor of the company  with Martin Gustafsson  HLB Auditoriet AB as deputy auditor.11 Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to managementThe board proposes  after recommendation from the remuneration committee  that the remuneration to senior management shall consist of fixed salary (possibly combined with a variable element)  other customary benefits and a pension scheme. The total annual remuneration shall be in line with market practice and competitive on the market where the manager in question is active  and take the manager's qualifications and experience into consideration  while also taking exceptional performance into account. The fixed salary shall be revised on a yearly basis. As referred to herein  the Immunovia's CEO and the group's management team shall be considered as ""senior management"".Fixed salary and variable remuneration shall be related to the manager's responsibilities and authorities. The variable remuneration shall be paid in cash or in the form of shares  subscription warrants  convertible bonds or other share related instruments such as synthetic options or personnel options  and be based on results compared to defined targets  and further be structures so that there is an increased common interest between the manager and the company's shareholders is achieved. The vesting period (or the period from the agreement date to the day on which a share can be acquired) cannot be less than three years. Variable cash remuneration shall not exceed the fixed salary. The terms and conditions for variable remuneration should be drafted so that the it is possible for the board  in cases of severe financial conditions for the company  to limit or withdraw variable remuneration in cases where payment of such variable remuneration is deemed unreasonable and inconsistent with the company's responsibility towards the company's shareholders. For annual bonus it should be possible to limit or refrain from payment if the board deems it motivated for other reasons.If a board member performs other work for the company than the board work  consultancy fees and other remuneration for such work can be paid after special resolution by the board.As far as possible  pension benefits shall be fee based. The CEO and other members of the group's management team shall have a notice period of not more than 18 months. Fixed salary and severance pay during the notice period shall not exceed an amount corresponding to two years of fixed salary.The board shall promote the application of the above guidelines in all group companies. The board shall have the right to deviate from the above guidelines if the board in a particular case deems that there are compelling reasons that motivates such deviation.Matters concerning salaries and other remuneration to the CEO and other members of the group's management team shall be handled by the remuneration committee and decided by the board.The guidelines adopted by the 2022 AGM have been complied with  and all remuneration that has not yet been paid out falls within the guidelines. For information regarding remuneration and ongoing programs  please see the company's remuneration report  which will be made available on the company's website in the manner set out below.12 Resolution on authorization of the board to resolve on new issue of sharesFor the purposes of enabling the board to develop the company's capital structure  diversify the shareholder base  finance or carry out acquisitions or other arrangements  the board proposes the AGM to authorize the board to resolve  on one or several occasions before the next AGM  on an issue of shares. Such issue may entail a deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscribe for new shares and also entail that payment of the new shares may be made in cash or by consideration in kind. The issue may result in an aggregate increase in the share capital corresponding to the issue of a maximum of 20 % of the number of shares as per the 2023 AGM.The new shares shall  in the event of a deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  be issued at a subscription price based on the share price at the time of the issue  decreased by any discount in line with market practice that the Board deems necessary.The board or any person appointed by the board is entitled to resolve on any minor changes to the AGM's resolution that may be required at registration of the resolution at the Swedish Companies Registration Office.A resolution passed by the AGM in accordance with this proposal is valid only if supported by shareholders holding at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the meeting.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  there are a total of 22 631 581 shares in the company  each share representing one vote  it however being noted that 22 655 917 new shares have been issued (but not yet registered with the Companies' Registrations Office) in accordance with the resolution at the extraordinary general meeting on 16th March 2023 . The company does not hold any of its own shares.DocumentsThe annual report  the complete proposals of the nomination committee  the remuneration report and other documentation for the AGM (including a proxy form and the voting form) will be available at the company and posted on the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/ no later than three weeks prior to the AGM. The documents will be sent upon request to shareholders providing their address to the company.Information at the AGMThe board shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the group  in accordance with the Swedish Company's Act Chapter 7 § 32.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in April 2023Immunovia AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Karin Almqvist LiwendahlChief Financial Officerkarin.almqvist.liwendahl@immunovia.com+46 709 11 56 08About ImmunoviaImmunovia is a diagnostic company with the vision to revolutionize blood-based diagnostics and increase survival rates for patients with cancer.Our first product  IMMray™ PanCan-d is the only blood test currently available specifically for the early detection of pancreatic cancer. The test has unmatched clinical performance. Commercialization of IMMray™ PanCan-d started in August 2021 in the USA and IMMray™ PanCan-d is offered as a laboratory developed test (LDT) exclusively through Immunovia  Inc. For more information see: www.immunoviainc.com.Immunovia collaborates and engages with healthcare providers  leading experts and patient advocacy groups globally to make this test available to all high-risk pancreatic cancer groups.The USA  the first market in which IMMray™ PanCan-d is commercially available  is the world's largest market for the detection of pancreatic cancer with an estimated  addressable market size of 1.8 million individuals per year who could benefit from our test.Immunovia's shares (IMMNOV) are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. For more information  please visit www.immunovia.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/13121/3757211/2007904.pdf Press release (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/convening-notice---annual-general-meeting-in-immunovia-ab-publ-301806444.html",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.24,0.42,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'IMMUNOVIA AB', 'Re-election Peter Høngaard Andersen', 'Omval Mats-Åke Andersson', 'Election Sven Andréasson', 'Omval Martin Gustafsson', 'Mikael Löfman', 'Election Vanessa Rollings', 'Election Helge Lubenow', 'audit report Decision', 'personal identity number', 'Friday 26th May', 'corporate registration number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Such proxy forms', 'voting right registration', 'meeting Resolution proposals', 'advance notice form', 'Peter Lindvall', 'annual report', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'telephone number', '17th May', '22nd May', 'special form', 'voting form', 'Immunovia AB', 'The Spark', 'Medicon Village', 'voting rights', 'Bolagsstämma', 'registered shareholding', 'attending assistants', 'postal voting', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Authorisation documents', 'legal entity', 'voting list', 'minutes Determination', 'consolidated profit', 'managing director', 'liability Determination', 'auditors Election', 'new issue', 'nomination committee', 'Mats Leifland', 'Mats Ohlin', 'Ranny Davidoff', 'Carl Borrebaeck', 'advance voting', 'remuneration report', 'share register', 'loss statement', 'advance vote', 'regular mail', 'equivalent certificate', 'person(s', 'deputy auditor', 'participation notice', 'board members', 'loss account', 'LUND', 'April', 'publ', 'AGM', 'place', 'Scheeletorget', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'Preconditions', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'email', 'bolagsstamma', 'accordance', 'name', 'address', 'addition', 'notification', 'shares', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'time', 'Story', 'company', 'website', 'entirety', 'Submission', 'representative', 'copy', 'authority', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'allocations', 'directors', 'fees', 'committees', 'guidelines', 'management', 'authorization', 'capacity', 'seat']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23632,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-kindred-group-plc-301806651.html,Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting of Kindred Group plc,"VALLETTA  Malta  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) w…","VALLETTA  Malta  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) will be held on 17 May 2023 at 10:00am CEST at Kindred's office  Regeringsgatan 25  Stockholm  Sweden.Notice to holders of Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"")Holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting right at the EGM must:(i) be registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Monday 8 May 2023 (the ""Record Date""); and(ii) no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023 23:59 CEST either register their intention to attend the EGM  or exercise their voting rights  by following the link https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  and clicking through to Kindred Group  and logging in with BankID. BankID can also be used when voting on behalf of someone else; andAlternatively  voting rights can be exercised by sending a signed proxy form  which form can be found on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or www.kindredgroup.com/EGM  and send this by post or courier to till Kindred Group  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm to be received no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023.Requirement (i): Holders of SDRs whose holding is registered in the name of a nominee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the EGM (by proxy or in person)  temporarily register their SDRs in their own name in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by the Record Date. Such holders must well before that day contact their custodian bank or brokerage to request that their holding be temporarily registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB before the Record Date.Requirement (ii): Holders of SDRs who will not attend the EGM in person must send their original signed proxy forms by post or courier so as to arrive  no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023. When submitting votes via regular mail or courier the proxy needs to be accompanied by supporting documentation showing the undersigned person/s authority to vote on behalf of the SDR holder. The proxy and any Power of Attorney need to be submitted in original.The convening notice in full and the agenda of the shareholders meeting together with other EGM papers can be found on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/EGM.In the event you need assistance with  or have questions regarding  the voting procedure you can contact Euroclear via e-mail at generalmeetingservice@euroclear.com or via telephoneon +46 8 402 91 33. Please note that an SDR holder cannot exercise their voting rights via these channels  they are for support purposes only.Proposed AgendaIt is proposed that the EGM conducts the following business:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination that the Meeting has been duly convened7. The meeting will be requested to reconsider and if thought fit  approve the following extraordinary resolution:Resolution AIt being noted that:(i) at a Board of Directors' meeting held on 8 March 2023  the directors resolved to obtain authority to buy back GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs in the Company (the purpose of the buyback being to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders); and(ii) pursuant to article 106(1) (b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) a company may acquire any of its own shares otherwise than by subscription  provided inter alia authorisation is given by an extraordinary resolution  which resolution will need to determine the terms and conditions of such acquisitions and in particular the maximum number of shares/SDRs to be acquired  the duration of the period for which the authorisation is given and the maximum and minimum consideration.It is proposed that the Company  through the Board  be generally authorised and empowered to make purchases of ordinary shares/SDRs of GBP 0.000625 each in its capital  subject to the following:(a) the maximum number of shares/SDRs that may be so acquired is 23 000 000;(b) the minimum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 1 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(c) the maximum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 300 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(d) the purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  and(e) the authority conferred by this resolution shall expire on the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting but not so as to prejudice the completion of a purchase contracted before that date.8.The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following resolutions:Resolution B(i) that the issued share capital of the Company be reduced by means of a cancellation of such number of shares/SDRs determined by the board of directors and acquired pursuant to the Company's share buy-back program up to a maximum amount of GBP 23 125  representing a maximum of 37 000 000 shares/SDRs;(ii) that the board of directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to carry out all acts necessary for the purposes of giving effect to such cancellation of shares/SDRs  at such intervals and in such amounts as it deems appropriate;(iii) that in accordance with Article 83(1) of the Companies Act  (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta)  the Company shall be authorised to give effect to the reduction of issued share capital and consequent cancellation of shares/SDRs only following the lapse of three months from the date of the publication of the statement referred to in Article 401(1)(e) of the said Act;(iv) that upon the lapse of the period referred to in paragraph (iii) above  the board of directors of the Company and/or the Company Secretary be authorised and empowered to submit one or more revised and updated Memorandum of Association of the Company to the Malta Business Registry so as to inter alia reflect the change in issued share capital following such reduction/s; and(v) that this mandate will supersede and replace previous mandates provided to the board to cancel shares/SDRs.9. The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:Resolution CThat the directors be and are hereby duly authorised and empowered in accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  articles 85(1)(b) and 88(7) in the Companies Act  on one or several occasions prior to the date of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  to issue and allot up to a maximum of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company of a nominal value of GBP 0.000625 each (the ""Share Issue Limit"") for payment in kind or through a set-off in connection with an acquisition without first offering the said shares/SDRs to existing SDR holders/shareholders (corresponding to a dilution of about 10 per cent). The Share Issue Limit shall be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back and held by the Company. This resolution is being taken in terms and for the purposes of the approvals necessary in terms of the Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company.10. The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:Resolution DPerformance share plan for the senior managementThe Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the senior management and concluded that the Company would benefit from a continuation of a performance share plan that complements the stock option plan to further increase the senior management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a performance share plan to the senior management in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing stock option plan (SOP).In the proposed plan  the performance measure is a non-market based condition that provides participants (approximately 109) with a high degree of alignment to Company performance. PSP awards will depend on Kindred achieving financial performance target (i.e. EBITDA) over three financial years establishing a clearer link between how Kindred performs and the value that the PSP can deliver.The suggested performance share plan may in total comprise no more than 0 3% of all issued shares in Kindred annually  and on an accumulated basis the five plans of 2023-2027 will amount to around 1 1% of dilution.Closing of the meetingInformation about proposals related to Agenda item 2It is proposed that that Gunnar Johansson be elected Chairman of the Meeting.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 7Acquisition of Own SharesThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the Annual General Meeting of the Company which was held on 20 April 2023 (the ""AGM"").At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.92 per cent of those represented (31.32 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder/holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The Board of Directors proposes that the acquisition of shares/SDRs shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or via an offer to acquire the shares/SDRs to all shareholders. The purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  prevailing regulations and the capital situation at any given time. Notification of any purchase will be made to Nasdaq Stockholm and details will appear in the Company's annual report and accounts.The objective of the purchase is to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders (including through the implementation of the share buy-back program previously announced) and to give the Board increased flexibility with the Company's capital structure.Following the purchase  the intention of the Board would be to either cancel  use as consideration for an acquisition or issue to employees under a Share Option programme or Share Performance Scheme.Once purchased under the Maltese Companies Act further shareholder approval will be required before those shares could be cancelled only. Shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to the Company's share buyback program will be cancelled (refer to Agenda item 8). A separate authorisation for such cancellation is being recommended pursuant to Resolution (B).If used as consideration for an acquisition  the intention would be that the actual Shares/SDRs would be offered to any potential transferor.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 8Share cancellationThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.99 per cent of those represented (31.34 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The directors may decide to cancel all or some of shares/SDRs acquired pursuant to the buy-back program.The Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) stipulates that an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders of the Company is required in order to approve the reduction in the issued share capital of the Company.Such resolution needs to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in Malta  who will publish details of such reduction. Creditors of the Company will then have a period of three months in which they can contest the reduction in capital. Upon the lapse of the three-month period  assuming that no contestations are received  the reduction in share capital can become effective.In order to reflect the changes in the issued share capital  a revised memorandum of association of the Company indicating the reduced number of shares then in issue in the capital of the Company will need to be submitted to the Registrar of Companies.The reduction in issued share capital will take place at such intervals and in such amounts (subject to the maximum amount of GBP 23 125) as the directors shall determine from time to time.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 9Share issueThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.99 per cent of those represented (31.34 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The objectives of the authorisation to be granted in terms of this resolution are to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and to enable the Company to use its own financial instruments for payment in kind or through a set-off to a selling partner in connection with any business acquisitions the Company may undertake or to settle any deferred payments in connection with business acquisitions. The market value of the shares/SDRs on each issue date that will be used in determining the price at which shares/SDRs will be issued  should be the same as the market value of the shares/SDRs listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. A cap of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company is being requested in connection with this authorisation. The cap will be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back and held by the Company excluding however any shares/SDRs held by the Company from the said calculation.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 10Performance share plan for the senior managementThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 95.58 per cent of those represented (29.97 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the senior management and concluded that the Company would benefit from a continuation of a performance share plan that complements the stock option plan to further increase the senior management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a performance share plan to the senior management in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing stock option plan (SOP).The Board of Directors is seeking shareholder approval for a 5-year mandate to operate the scheme that will cover 2023 – 2027 grants (following the 10-year mandate for Performance share plans given by the AGM in 2013). The Board have been working with the Company's consultants from Willis Towers Watson on a proposal and this is available on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/EGM.For information on how personal data is processed please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfBy order of the BoardKindred Group plcMalta  April 2023For more information:Johan Wilsby  Chief Financial Officerir@kindredgroup.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3757141/2009083.pdf Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting Kindred Group plc https://news.cision.com/kindred-group/i/kindred- c3170440 KindredSOURCE Kindred Group",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.77,0.19,0.04,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Kindred Group plc', 'Notice', 'original signed proxy forms', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'actual market price', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'share buy-back program', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'two person(s', 'Kindred Group plc', 'other EGM papers', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs', 'minimum price', 'maximum price', 'Companies Act', 'voting right', 'custodian bank', 'supporting documentation', 'voting procedure', 'support purposes', 'voting list', 'inter alia', 'minimum consideration', 'multiple occasions', 'extraordinary resolution', 'Monday 8 May', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'maximum amount', 'Resolution A', 'Resolution B', 'SDR holder', 'following business', 'following resolutions', 'Record Date', 'regular mail', 'maximum number', 'convening notice', 'share capital', 'Such holders', ""Directors' meeting"", '17 May', 'VALLETTA', 'Malta', 'April', 'Company', 'terms', 'article', 'Cap.', 'Laws', '10:00am', 'office', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'register', 'CEST', 'intention', 'link', 'euroclearproxy', 'BankID', 'behalf', 'someone', 'post', 'courier', 'Box', 'Requirement', 'holding', 'name', 'nominee', 'brokerage', 'votes', 'authority', 'Power', 'Attorney', 'full', 'agenda', 'shareholders', 'website', 'event', 'assistance', 'questions', 'generalmeetingservice', 'telephone', 'channels', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Board', '8 March', 'buyback', 'added', 'value', 'subscription', 'authorisation', 'conditions', 'acquisitions', 'duration', 'period', 'purchases', '1 SEK', 'tax', '300 SEK', 'place', 'completion', 'means', 'cancellation', '101']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,prnewswire.co.uk
23633,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALFA-LAVAL-CORPORATE-AB-120792079/news/Bulletin-from-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Alfa-Laval-AB-publ-43635044/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Bulletin from the Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) LUND  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB was held on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at Scandic Star Hotel in Lund. The Annual General Meeting was held under the chairmanship of Alfa Laval's Chai…,LUND  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ) was held on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at Scandic Star Hotel in Lund. The Annual General Meeting was held under the chairmanship of Alfa Laval's Chairman of the Board Dennis Jönsson and the company's President and CEO Tom Erixon gave a presentation about the past year and the strategic direction ahead.In his presentation  Tom Erixon talked about 2022 – a year characterized by both challenges but also record high invoicing and order intake driven by a strong demand for more sustainable solutions in all of Alfa Laval's three divisions. The presentation also elaborated on the importance of continuing to invest for the future by increased investments in R&D  new competences and production capacity to lead the development in the company's technology areas and support both Alfa Laval and the company's customers in the work to reduce climate impact.Income statement and balance sheet and discharge from liabilityThe Annual General Meeting approved the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2022 as presented. The members of the Board of Directors and the company's CEO were discharged from liability for the period covered by the annual report.DividendThe Annual General Meeting resolved on a dividend to shareholders of SEK 6.00 per share. It was further resolved that the record date for the dividend should be Thursday  April 27  2023  which means that payment of the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  May 3  2023.Board of Directors and External AuditorThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the number of Board members appointed by the Meeting shall be nine  with no deputies. Both the number of auditors and deputy auditors were decided to be two.In accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  Dennis Jönsson  Finn Rausing  Henrik Lange  Jörn Rausing  Lilian Fossum Biner  Ray Mauritsson and Ulf Wiinberg were re-elected and Anna Müller and Nadine Crauwels was newly elected as members of the Board of Directors for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Dennis Jönsson was re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Annual General Meeting resolved to re-elect the authorized public accountant Karoline Tedevall and the authorized public accountant Andreas Troberg was newly elected as the company's auditors and the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast as the company's deputy auditors for the forthcoming year.Fees and compensationThe Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  that board fees shall be paid in the amount of SEK 1 950 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 650 000 each to other members who are not employees of the company. Furthermore  fees for committee work shall be paid in the amount of SEK 300 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and in the amount of SEK 150 000 each to other members  and in the amount of SEK 75 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 75 000 each to the other members.It was decided  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  that auditors' fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.The Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Board's proposal  to amend the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted at the 2021 Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting also resolved to approve the remuneration report presented by the Board.Reduction of the share capitalThe Annual General Meeting resolved to reduce the share capital  for the provision of unrestricted equity  by cancelling the 550 508 own shares held by Alfa Laval AB  whereby the share capital is reduced by SEK 1 485 377.34.To restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital  the Board of Directors proposed that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 1 485 377.34 by way of a bonus issue without issuing new shares. The reduction amount is proposed to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity.Complete minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be published on www.alfalaval.com.For more information please contact:Johan LundinHead of Investor RelationsTel: +46 46 36 65 10Mobile: +46 730 46 30 90The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3757318/2008344.pdf AGM bulletin 2023View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bulletin-from-the-annual-general-meeting-of-alfa-laval-ab-publ-301807116.htmlSOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Bulletin', 'authorized public accountant Andreas Troberg', 'The Annual General Meeting', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '2021 Annual General Meeting', 'authorized public accountants', 'Scandic Star Hotel', 'Dennis Jönsson', 'Lilian Fossum Biner', 'Anna Müller', 'record high invoicing', 'Jörn Rausing', 'Henrik Jonzén', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'SOURCE Alfa Laval', 'CEO Tom Erixon', 'annual report', 'Andreas Mast', 'record date', 'Finn Rausing', 'Henrik Lange', 'strategic direction', 'order intake', 'strong demand', 'sustainable solutions', 'three divisions', 'R&D', 'new competences', 'production capacity', 'technology areas', 'climate impact', 'External Auditor', 'Nomination Committee', 'Ray Mauritsson', 'Ulf Wiinberg', 'Nadine Crauwels', 'Karoline Tedevall', 'Audit Committee', 'senior executives', 'unrestricted equity', '550,508 own shares', 'bonus issue', 'new shares', 'Complete minutes', 'Johan Lundin', 'Investor Relations', 'following files', 'original content', 'share capital', 'past year', 'forthcoming year', 'other members', 'Remuneration Committee', 'remuneration report', 'deputy auditors', 'committee work', 'AGM bulletin', ""auditors' fees"", 'Board members', 'board fees', 'reduction amount', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Tuesday', 'chairmanship', 'company', 'President', 'presentation', 'challenges', 'importance', 'future', 'investments', 'development', 'customers', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'period', 'Dividend', 'shareholders', 'SEK', 'Thursday', 'payment', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'number', 'deputies', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'compensation', 'employees', 'invoices', 'guidelines', 'provision', 'way', 'information', 'Head', 'Mobile', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', 'annual-general-meeting', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23634,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LINDAB-INTERNATIONAL-AB--6496947/news/Lindab-International-Complete-terms-and-conditions-for-call-options-2023-2026-43632131/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Lindab International : Complete terms and conditions for call options 2023-2026,(marketscreener.com)   Draft NPC-23.04.23   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CALL OPTIONS 2023/2026 REGARDING ACQUISITION   OF SHARES IN LINDAB INTERNATIONAL AB   1. Definitions   In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall be defined as st…,"Lindab International : Complete terms and conditions for call options 2023-2026 04/25/2023 | 07:51am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Draft NPC-23.04.23 TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR CALL OPTIONS 2023/2026 REGARDING ACQUISITION OF SHARES IN LINDAB INTERNATIONAL AB 1. Definitions In these terms and conditions  the following terms shall be defined as stated below. ""Average Share Price"" average volume-weighted price paid for the Company's share on Nasdaq Stockholm  rounded off to the nearest full ten (10) öre whereby five (5) öre shall be rounded up  during a specified period. If a listed price paid is not available  the bid price listed as the closing price shall instead be included in the calculation. A day without a listing of a price paid or bid price shall not be included in the calculation. ""Bank"" the bank or account-operator designated by the Company at any given time to handle certain undertakings according to these terms and conditions. ""Banking Day"" day that is not a Saturday  Sunday or other public holiday in Sweden  Christmas Eve  New Year's Eve or Midsummer's Eve. ""Call Option"" a right to acquire one (1) share in the Company for consideration in cash pursuant to these terms and conditions. ""Company"" Lindab International AB  reg. no. 556606-5446 (also the issuer). ""Euroclear"" Euroclear Sweden AB  reg. no. 556112-8074. ""Holder"" a holder of a Call Option. 2. Account-operator  registration  etc. The number of Call Options amounts to up to 275 000. The Call Options shall be registered by Euroclear in a CSD register pursuant to the Central Securities Depository and Financial Instruments Accounts Act (1998:1479)  as a result of which no physical securities will be issued. The Call Options will be registered on behalf of the Holder in a securities (VP) account. Registration with respect to the Call Options as a result of the measures pursuant to sections 4  5 and 7 below shall be carried out by the Bank. Other registration measures regarding the securities account may be carried out by the Bank or another account-operator. 3. Right to acquire shares The Holder will be entitled  but not obligated  to acquire one (1) share in the Company for each Call Option at an exercise price corresponding to 119 per cent of the Average Share Price during the period 12 May - 26 May 2023. Adjustment of the exercise price and the number of shares to which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of may take place in the events set forth in section 7 below. Acquisition may be made only in 2 respect of the full number of shares that the Holder wishes to acquire at that time. In connection with such acquisition  any excess fraction of a Call Option that cannot be exercised shall be disregarded. 4. Acquisition of shares If the Holder wishes to exercise Call Options  application for acquisition shall be made from and including the day after the Company publishes its interim report for the period 1 January-30 June 2026  at 10 August 2026 the earliest and until and including 31 August 2026. Application for acquisition may also be made on the later or earlier last day for application for acquisition that may be established according to section 7 Items C  D  E  L and M below. Such application for acquisition shall be made to the Bank by submitting the application form for registration measures that will be distributed to the Holders. As soon as possible after receipt  the Bank will draw up a transaction note between the Company and the Holder regarding acquisition of the shares covered by the application. Application for acquisition is binding and may not be revoked. If an application for acquisition is not submitted within the period stated in the first paragraph  all rights pursuant to the Call Options lapse. 5. Payment for acquired shares Payment for the acquired shares is to be made no later than the payment date stated in the transaction note  however no later than ten (10) Banking Days from the application to exercise the Call Options. Payment is to be made in cash to an account designated by the Bank. After payment has been made  the Bank shall ensure that the Holder is registered on the designated securities account as the owner of the shares resulting from the exercised Call Options. The Holder shall pay the taxes and/or charges that may become payable as a result of the transfer  holding or exercise of the Call Options according to Swedish or foreign legislation or decisions by Swedish or foreign authorities. 6. Status of the Holder Call Options do not represent any shareholders' rights in the Company for the Holder  such as voting or dividend rights. The Holder is entitled to receive dividends on the shares that the Holder acquires pursuant to these terms and conditions the first time on the record day that occurs immediately after payment has been made. 7. Adjustment  etc. The following shall apply regarding the rights accruing to Holders in the situations stated in this section. If the Company conducts a bonus issue shall  with effect from the date on which the share is listed ex right to participation in the bonus issue  an adjusted number of shares to which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of and an adjusted exercise price apply.The adjustments are conducted by a reputable independent valuation institute in accordance with the following formulas: adjusted number of shares for which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of adjusted exercise price 3 preceding number of shares for which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of x number of shares after the bonus issue number of shares before the bonus issuepreceding exercise price x number of shares before the bonus issuenumber of shares after the bonus issue If the Company conducts a reversed share split or a share split   a corresponding adjustment of the number of shares to which the Call Option entitles to acquisition of and the exercise price shall be conducted by a reputable independent valuation institute on the same basis as in the adjustment resulting from a bonus issue as stated in Item A above. If the Company conducts a new share issue - with preferential rights for shareholders to subscribe for new shares in return for cash payment - adjustment shall be made of the number of shares to which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of as well as an adjusted exercise price.Adjustments are conducted by a reputable independent valuation institute in accordance with the following formulas: preceding number of shares to which each adjusted number of shares for Call Option entitles to acquisition of x which each Call Option = (Average Share Price during the entitles to acquisition of subscription period plus the theoretical value of the subscription right calculated on the basis thereof) Average Share Price during the subscription period preceding exercise price x Average Share adjusted exercise price = Price during the subscription period set forth in the resolution regarding the issue Average Share Price during the subscription period plus the theoretical value of the subscription right calculated on the basis thereof The theoretical value of the subscription right shall be adjusted according to the following formula: value of the subscription maximum number of new shares that may be = issued according to the resolution x (Average right Share Price during the subscription period - issue price for the new share) number of shares before the resolution 4 If a negative value arises in this case  the theoretical value of the subscription right is to be set at zero. The number of shares and exercise price adjusted as above are set by a reputable independent valuation institute five (5) Banking Days following the expiry of the subscription period and shall be applied to acquisitions implemented following such determination. During the period from the date on which the share is listed ex right to participation in the share issue until the date on which the adjustments are determined  acquisition of shares may not take place. If the final date for application for acquisition is during the subscription period  the expiration date is postponed to the second trading day after the expiry of the subscription period. If the Company conducts an issue pursuant to Chapter 14 or 15 of the Swedish Companies Act- with preferential rights for shareholders and in return for cash payment or by set-off - an adjustment shall be made of the number of shares for which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of and of the exercise price. The adjustments are conducted by a reputable independent valuation institute in accordance with the following formulas: adjusted number of shares for which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of adjusted exercise price preceding number of shares for which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of x (Average Share Price during the subscription period plus value of the subscription right)Average Share Price during the subscription periodAverage Share Price during the subscription period preceding exercise price x Average Share Price during the subscription period Average Share Price during the subscription period plus value of the subscription right The value of the subscription right shall be deemed to be equal to the average of the for each trading day during the subscription period calculated average volume-weighted average price paid on Nasdaq Stockholm. In the absence of a quoted paid price  the last quoted bid price shall be included as the closing price in the calculation. Days with no quotation of a price paid or bid price shall not be included in the calculation. The adjusted number of shares and adjusted exercise price shown above are determined by a reputable independent valuation institute within five (5) Banking Days after the expiry of the subscription period and shall be applied to acquisitions subsequently completed. For acquisition applications made during the period up until the adjustments are completed  the provisions of Item C  final paragraph  shall apply correspondingly. If the Company would  other than according to Items A-C above  make an offering to shareholders to  using the preferential rights pursuant to the principles in Chapter 13 § 1 of the Swedish Companies Act  acquire securities or rights of any type from the Company or decide that  pursuant to aforementioned principles  distribute such securities or rights to shareholders free of charge  an 5 adjusted number of shares to which each Call Option entitles to acquisition of and an adjusted exercise price shall be used. The adjustment is conducted by a reputable independent valuation institute in accordance with the following formulas: adjusted exercise price = preceding exercise price x Average Share Price during the application period Average Share Price during the application period plus the value of the right to participate in the offering adjusted number of shares for preceding number of shares which each = Call Option entitles to acquisition of x which each Call Option entitles (Average Share Price during the to acquisition of application period plus the value of the purchase right) Average Share Price during the application period Where the shareholders have received purchase rights and trading in these has taken place  the value of the right of participation in the offering shall be deemed to correspond to the value of the purchase right. The value of the subscription right shall be deemed to be equal to the average of the for each trading day during the subscription period calculated volume-weighted average price paid on Nasdaq Stockholm. In the absence of a quoted paid price  the last quoted bid price shall be included as the closing price in the calculation. Days with no quotation of a price paid or bid price shall not be included in the calculation. Where the shareholders have not received purchase rights or in which such trading in purchase rights referred to in the preceding paragraph has not taken place  adjustment of the exercise price shall be done applying as far as possible the principles noted above in Item E  whereby the following shall apply. If a listing is implemented of the securities or rights offered to shareholders  the value of the right of participation in the offering shall be deemed to correspond to the average of the for each trading day during the subscription period calculated volume-weighted average price paid on Nasdaq Stockholm for each day during ten (10) trading days from the first day of listing  in appropriate cases less the price paid for these in connection with the offering. In the absence of a quoted paid price  the last quoted bid price shall be included as the closing price in the calculation. If neither a price paid nor a bid price is listed on a certain day or days  such days shall be disregarded in computing the value of the right of participation in the offering. The determined application period in the offering shall  in conjunction with the adjustment of the exercise price pursuant to this paragraph  be deemed to correspond to the period of ten (10) trading days as noted above in this paragraph. If such listing does not take place  the value of the right of participation in the offering shall  as far as possible  be set on the basis of the change in market value for the Company's shares that can be deemed to have arisen as a result of the offering. The number of shares and exercise price shall be adjusted by a reputable independent valuation institute as soon as possible after the expiration of the offer period and shall be applied in connection with acquisitions completed after such determination has been made. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Lindab International AB published this content on 25 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 25 April 2023 11:50:06 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about LINDAB INTERNATIONAL AB (PUBL) 04/25 Lindab International : Complete terms and conditions for call options 2023-2026 PU 04/24 Lindab Buys Czech Ventilation Ducts Maker Ventilace EU MT 04/24 Lindab acquires the Czech ventilation business Ventilace EU AQ 04/24 Lindab International AB (OM:LIAB) agreed to acquire Ventilac.. CI 04/04 Notice to the Annual General Meeting in Lindab International AB (publ) AQ 04/04 Lindab International AB Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022 CI 03/31 Lindab International : Notification of attendance and form for advance voting  PU 03/29 Lindab's Annual Report and Sustainability Report 2022 AQ 03/17 Stocks unable to shake off banking sector worries AN 03/17 Banking nerves return as Credit Suisse slides AN",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.29,0.71,True,English,"['Lindab International', 'Complete terms', 'call options', 'conditions', 'Financial Instruments Accounts Act', 'nearest full ten (10) öre', 'ten (10) Banking Days', 'multiple email addresses', 'other public holiday', 'Central Securities Depository', 'LINDAB INTERNATIONAL AB', 'average volume-weighted price', 'earlier last day', 'Average Share Price', 'securities (VP) account', 'Banking Day"" day', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'The Call Options', 'Other registration measures', 'Holder Call Options', 'five (5) öre', 'physical securities', 'securities account', 'full number', 'listed price', 'bid price', 'closing price', 'one (1) share', 'record day', 'Required fields', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'New Year', 'CSD register', '119 per cent', 'excess fraction', 'interim report', '1 January-30 June', 'transaction note', 'first paragraph', 'foreign legislation', 'foreign authorities', 'bonus issue', 'exercise price', 'The Holder', 'First name', 'Christmas Eve', 'section 7 Items', 'Complete terms', 'following terms', ""shareholders' rights"", 'Such application', 'application form', 'payment date', 'conditions', 'commas', 'Message', 'NPC', 'ACQUISITION', 'SHARES', 'Definitions', 'Company', 'period', 'calculation', 'listing', 'account-operator', 'time', 'undertakings', 'Saturday', 'Sunday', 'Midsummer', 'consideration', 'cash', 'issuer', 'result', 'behalf', 'respect', 'sections', '12 May', '26 May', 'Adjustment', 'place', 'events', 'connection', '10 August', '31 August', 'later', 'receipt', 'owner', 'taxes', 'charges', 'transfer', 'Swedish', 'decisions', 'Status', 'voting', 'dividends', 'situations', 'eff', '7.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23635,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAALERI-OYJ-13057205/news/Taaleri-Oyj-Minutes-of-the-meeting-43628217/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Taaleri Oyj : Minutes of the meeting,(marketscreener.com)      TAALERI PLC     MINUTES OF THE MEETING 1/2023      ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING      DATE AND TIME    ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAALERI-OYJ-13057205/news/Taaleri-Oyj-Minutes-of-the-meeting-4362…,"Homepage Equities Finland Nasdaq Helsinki Taaleri Oyj News Summary TAALA FI4000062195 TAALERI OYJ (TAALA) Add to my list Report Report Delayed Nasdaq Helsinki - 11:29:39 2023-04-26 am EDT 10.36 EUR -0.58% Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds Summary Most relevant All News Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Taaleri Oyj : Minutes of the meeting 04/25/2023 | 05:18am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields TAALERI PLC MINUTES OF THE MEETING 1/2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING DATE AND TIME 13 April 2023 at 2:00 pm PLACE Event Venue Eliel  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland PRESENT Either present in person or represented at the meeting were the shareholders indicated in the confirmed voters list. In addition  the management of the company  auditor-in-charge Johanna Winqvist-Ilkka (Ernst & Young Oy) and technical staff were also present. 1 Opening the General Meeting Juhani Elomaa  Chairperson of the Board of Directors  opened the meeting. 2 Calling the meeting to order Attorney-at-law Marko Vuori was elected Chairperson of the general meeting. He invited the Group's General Counsel Pasi Erlin to act as Secretary. The Chaiperson explained the procedures concerning the processing of matters on the meeting agenda and the practical arrangements of the meeting. It was noted that the meeting was held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the General Meeting at the meeting place  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via a webcast. Therefore  in accordance with the Limited Liability Companies Act  in addition to the shareholders present at the meeting place  those shareholders who participated via a webcast organized by the company were considered to present at the meeting. It was noted further that the shareholders had had the opportunity to ask questions in advance regarding the matters discussed at the general meeting. No questions had been asked by the deadline. It was noted that the company had received voting instructions submitted in advance by shareholders with nominee registered holdings  which were apppended to the minutes (Appendix 1). 3 Election of the person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes The general meeting appointed Pia Kanerva and Siri Markula as inspectors of the minutes and decided that the same persons would  if necessary  supervise vote counting. 4 Recording the legality of the General Meeting It was noted that the Notice of the Annual General Meeting was published on the company's website and by a stock exchange release on 7 March 2023  in accordance with Section 10 of the Articles of Association. The Notice of the Annual General Meeting was appended to the minutes (Appendix 2). It was declared that the meeting had been convened legally in accordance with the Articles of Association and the Limited Liability Companies Act  and that it was quorate. 5 Recording the attendance at the Meeting and confirming of the list of votes At the start of the meeting  a list of the participation situation was presented as well as a voters list according to which  at the start of the meeting  85 shareholders were represented either in person  through a legal representative or by proxy  representing 10 479 584 shares and votes. The participation situation and list of votes concerning the start of the meeting was appended to the minutes (Appendix 3). It was declared that the list of votes would be confirmed to correspond to the participation situation in the event of any voting. 6 Presentation of the financial statements  the Report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's Report for the year 2022 CEO Peter Ramsay presented the CEO's review covering the financial period 1 January - 31 December 2022 (Appendix 4). CEO Peter Ramsay presented the financial statements and the annual report for the financial period 1 January-31 December 2022 (Appendix 5). The auditor-in-charge Johanna Winqvist-Ilkka APA from Ernst & Young Oy presented the Auditor's Report for the financial period 1 January - 31 December 2022 (Appendix 6). It was noted that the company's financial statements  annual report and auditor's report had been presented to the general meeting. 7 Adoption of the financial statements The general meeting adopted the financial statements for the financial period 1 January-31 December 2022. 8 Resolution of the use of profit shown on the balance sheet and distribution of a dividend It was noted that the Board of Directors had proposed that  based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial period that ended on 31 December 2022  a dividend of EUR 0.70 per share be distributed. According to the proposal  the dividend will be paid to shareholders who  on the dividend payment record date of 17 April 2023  are registered in the company's shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. According to the proposal  the dividend will be paid on 24 April 2023. The general meeting decided to approve the Board's proposal. 9 Resolution on the discharge from liability of members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from the accounting period 1 January - 31 December 2022 For the financial period of 1 January-31 December 2022  it was decided to discharge from liability the members of the Board of Directors  Juhani Elomaa  Hanna Maria Sievinen  Elina Björklund  Petri Castrén  Tuomas Syrjänen  Jouni Takakarhu and Juha Laaksonen as well as CEO Peter Ramsay. 10 Consideration of the Remuneration Report It was noted that the 2022 Remuneration Report had been published on the company's website in week 11. The Chairperson of the board  Juhani Elomaa  presented the key points of the remuneration report. It was noted that the Remuneration Report has been presented to the general meeting. The Remuneration Report was included as an appendix to the minutes (Appendix 7). The general meeting decided to approve the Remuneration Report. The decision was advisory. 11 Deciding on the remuneration of the board members It was noted that the Board's Nomination Committee has proposed to the general meeting that the members of the Board of Directors be paid monthly remuneration as follows: 6 000 euros for the Chairperson of the Board (2022: annual fee 55 000 euros corresponding to 4 583 e/month) 5 000 euros for the Vice-Chairperson of the Board (2022: annual fee 41 000 euros corresponding to 3 417 e/month) Vice-Chairperson of the Board (2022: annual fee 41 000 euros corresponding to 3 417 e/month)  5 000 euros for the Chairperson of the Board of Audit Committee (2022: annual fee 41 000 euros corresponding to 3 417 e/month) 4 000 euros for other members of the Board of Directors (2022: annual fee 35 000 euros corresponding to 2 917 e/month). It was also noted that the Shareholders' Nomination Committee has proposed that no meeting-specific fees be paid (2022: EUR 1 000 for the chairperson of the audit committee and EUR 500 for other members). The annual remuneration covers the whole of the term of office and committee work. The Board's Nomination Committee also proposed that the costs of travel and accommodation for attending meetings of the Board of Directors and committees held elsewhere than the home locality of the member of the Board of Directors be reimbursed according to invoice. The general meeting decided to approve the proposal of the Board's Nomination Committee. 12 Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors It was noted that the Board's Nomination Committee has proposed to the general meeting that the number of the members of the Board of Directors of the company be confirmed at six (6). The general meeting decided to approve the proposal of the Board's Nomination Committee. 13 Choosing the members of the board It was noted that the Board's Nomination Committee has proposed to the general meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors  Elina Björklund  Petri Castrén  Juhani Elomaa  Hanna Maria Sievinen  Tuomas Syrjänen and Jouni Takakarhu  be re-elected as members of the Board. The members of the Board are elected for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting that follows their election The general meeting decided to approve the proposal of the Board's Nomination Committee. 14 Election of the chairperson and deputy chairperson of the Board of Directors It was noted that the Board's Nomination Committee has proposed to the general meeting that Juhani Elomaa be elected as the Chairperson of the Board of Directors and Hanna Maria Sievinen as Deputy Chairperson of the Board of Directors. The general meeting decided to approve the proposal of the Board's Nomination Committee. 15 Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor It was noted that according to the Board's Audit Committees proposal  the Board of Directors has proposed to the general meeting that the auditor's remuneration be paid based on invoices approved by the company. The general meeting decided to approve the Board's proposal. 16 Selection of auditor It was noted that according to the Board's Audit Committees proposal  the Board of Directors has proposed to the general meeting that authorised public accountants Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as auditor for the term of office that will end at the close of the following annual general meeting. It was noted that Ernst & Young Oy has announced that Johanna Winqvist- Ilkka  APA  will continue as auditor-in-charge. The general meeting decided to approve the Board's proposal. 17 Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the purchase of the company's treasury shares It was noted that the Board of Directors has proposed to the general meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the purchase of the company's treasury shares using assets belonging to unrestricted equity on the following conditions: Up to 2 000 000 shares may be purchased  corresponding to 7.05% of all the company's shares. The purchase may be made in one or more instalments. The purchase price per share will be the price given on the Helsinki Stock Exchange or another market-based price. The shares may be acquired to develop the company's capital structure  to finance or implement corporate acquisitions  investments or other arrangements related to the company's business operations  to be used as part of the company's reward scheme  or to be cancelled if justified from the point of view of the company and its shareholders. The authorisation issued to the Board of Directors includes the right to decide whether the shares will be acquired in a private placement or in proportion to the shares owned by shareholders. The purchase may take place through private placement only if there is a weighty financial reason for it from the company's perspective. The Board of Directors has the right to decide on other matters concerning the purchase of shares. This authorisation is valid for 18 months from the date of the close of the Annual General Meeting. This authorisation supersedes the authorisation to purchase the company's treasury shares issued at the annual general meeting of 6 April 2022. The general meeting decided to approve the Board of Directors' proposal and to authorize the Board to decide on purchasing the company's treasury shares as proposed by the Board. 18 Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on share issue and the issuance of option rights and other special entitling to shares It was noted that the Board of Directors has proposed to the general meeting that the Board be authorised to decide on the issue of new shares and the assignment of treasury shares in the possession of the company as well as option rights and other special rights entitling to shares in accordance with chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act on the following terms: The Board of Directors may issue new shares and assign treasury shares in the possession of the company up to a maximum of 2 500 000 shares  corresponding to 8.82% of all the company's shares. The new shares may be issued and the treasury shares possessed by the company may be assigned and/or option rights or other special rights entitling to shares may be issued to the company's shareholders in proportion to their ownership of shares or deviating from the shareholder's pre-emptive subscription right in a private placement  if there is a weighty financial reason for it from the point of view of the company  such as using the shares as consideration in potential corporate acquisitions or other arrangements that are part of the company's business operations  or to finance investments or as part of the company's incentive scheme. The Board of Directors may also decide on a free-of-charge share issue to the company itself. The new shares and/or option rights or other special rights entitling to shares may be issued and the shares possessed by the company may be assigned either against payment or without payment. A private placement may only be without payment if there is an especially weighty reason for it from the point of view of the company and taking into account the benefit of all its shareholders. The Board of Directors will decide on all other factors related to share issues and the assignment of shares and decide on all terms and conditions of the option rights and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is valid until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  but no later than until 30 June 2024. This authorisation cancels the authorisation issued at the general meeting on 6 April 2022. The general meeting decided to approve the Board's proposal and to authorize the Board to decide on issuing new shares or assigning the shares possessed by the company as well as of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares in accordance with chapter 10  section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. 19 Amendment of the Articles of Association It was noted that the Board of Directors has proposed to the general meeting that Article 10 of the Articles of Association be amended in such a way that it would enable to organise the general meeting in addition to the company's registered office in Helsinki  entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The provision of the Articles of Association in question reads  as amended  as follows: ""§ 10 Notice to the general meeting of shareholders The notice to the general meeting of shareholders must be published on the company's website no more than three (3) months and no less than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but always at least nine (9) days before the record date of the general meeting. The Board of Directors can also decide to publish an invitation or a notice about the invitation in one or more newspapers within the above-mentioned deadline. The general meeting shall be organised in Helsinki. In addition  the Board of Directors may also decide that the general meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders exercise their power of decision during the meeting in full in real time using telecommunication connection and technical means."" In other respects  the articles of association were proposed to remain unchanged. The general meeting decided to accept the Board of Directors' proposal to change the articles of association. 20 The board's proposal for a donation authorization It was noted that the Board of Directors has proposed to the general meeting that the Board of Directors be authorized to decide on one or more donations for charitable or similar purposes up to total value of EUR 50 000  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the contributions. The authorization would be valid until the end of the next annual general meeting. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Taaleri Oyj published this content on 25 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 25 April 2023 09:17:02 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TAALERI OYJ - No features available - Financials EUR USD Sales 2023 66 3 M 72 8 M 72 8 M Net income 2023 21 4 M 23 5 M 23 5 M Net cash 2023 44 6 M 49 0 M 49 0 M P/E ratio 2023 13 9x Yield 2023 7 05% Capitalization 295 M 324 M 324 M EV / Sales 2023 3 78x EV / Sales 2024 3 37x Nbr of Employees 106 Free-Float 67 2% Chart TAALERI OYJ Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends TAALERI OYJ Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Neutral Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus UNDERPERFORM Number of Analysts 1 Last Close Price 10 42 € Average target price 11 13 € Spread / Average Target 6 77% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Peter Ramsay Chief Executive officer Minna Smedsten Chief Financial Officer Heikki Juhani Elomaa Chairman Jukka Dhawan Chief Information Officer Tea Heletsalo Operations Manager Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) TAALERI OYJ -6.80% 324 BLACKROCK  INC. -6.90% 98 894 UBS GROUP AG 3.46% 62 032 APOLLO GLOBAL MANAGEMENT  INC. -0.39% 35 169 BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON CORPORATION (THE) -3.67% 33 530 AMERIPRISE FINANCIAL  INC. -6.86% 30 277",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Taaleri Oyj', 'Minutes', 'meeting', 'Summary Quotes Charts News Ratings Calendar Company Financials Consensus Revisions Funds', 'Other languages Press Releases Official Publications Sector news Taaleri Oyj', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Taaleri Oyj News Summary', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'dividend payment record date', 'General Counsel Pasi Erlin', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING DATE', 'TAALERI PLC MINUTES', 'multiple email addresses', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'nominee registered holdings', 'stock exchange release', 'CEO Peter Ramsay', 'Homepage Equities Finland', 'Johanna Winqvist-Ilkka APA', 'PLACE Event Venue', ""shareholders' register maint"", 'list Report Report', 'annual report', 'meeting place', 'Young Oy', 'technical staff', 'Juhani Elomaa', 'Marko Vuori', 'The Chaiperson', 'practical arrangements', 'Pia Kanerva', 'Siri Markula', 'same persons', 'participation situation', 'legal representative', 'financial statements', 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'meeting agenda', 'hybrid meeting', 'voters list', 'First name', 'voting instructions', '85 shareholders', 'TAALA', 'EDT', 'relevant', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'TIME', 'April', 'Eliel', 'addition', 'management', 'charge', 'Ernst', 'Chairperson', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Attorney', 'law', 'Group', 'Secretary', 'procedures', 'processing', 'matters', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'webcast', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'advance', 'deadline', 'Appendix', '3 Election', 'counting', 'votes', 'inspectors', 'legality', 'Notice', 'website', '7 March', 'Articles', 'Association', 'attendance', 'start', 'proxy', '10,479,584 shares', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'year', 'review', 'January', '31 December', 'Adoption', '8 Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'EUR', 'proposal', '2:00', '6', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23636,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IOG-PLC-14424335/news/IOG-AGM-Notice-43627460/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,IOG : AGM Notice,(marketscreener.com)   IOG PLC   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING   Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of IOG plc will be held at the offices of Fieldfisher  Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London EC4R 3TT on 2 May 2023 at 10.00 am t…,"IOG : AGM Notice 04/25/2023 | 03:38am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields IOG PLC NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting of IOG plc (the ""Company"") will be held at the offices of Fieldfisher  Riverbank House  2 Swan Lane  London EC4R 3TT on 2 May 2023 at 10.00 am to consider  and if thought fit  to pass resolutions 1 to 6 as ordinary resolutions and resolution 7 as a special resolution:- Ordinary Business To receive and adopt the Report of the Directors and the Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Report of the Auditors thereon. To re-appoint  as a Director of the Company  Esa Ikaheimonen who retires in accordance with Article 20.2 of the Company's Articles of Association and offers himself for re-appointment. To re-appoint  as a Director of the Company  Neil Hawkings who retires in accordance with Article 20.2 of theCompany's Articles of Association and offers himself for re-appointment. To re-appoint  as a Director of the Company appointed since the last Annual General Meeting  Douglas Scott who retires in accordance with Article 20.8 of the Company's Articles of Association and offers himself for re- appointment. That BDO LLP be re-appointed as auditors of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next general meeting at which accounts are laid before the Company and that their remuneration be determined by the Directors. Special Business That the directors of the Company are generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  in substitution for all previous authorisations  to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company and to grant rights to subscribe for or convert any security into shares in the Company (""Rights""):- up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 750 124.51; and in relation to equity securities (within the meaning of section 560 of the Act)  up to an aggregate nominal amount of £3 500 249.02 (after deducting from such amount the aggregate nominal amount of any shares allotted and Rights granted under paragraph (a) above) in connection with an offer by way of rights issue made (i) to holders of ordinary shares in the Company in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to the respective numbers of ordinary shares held by them on the record date for such offer and (ii) to holders of other equity securities as may be required by the rights attached to those securities or  if the directors consider it desirable  as may be permitted by such rights  but subject in each case to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may deem necessary or expedient in relation to treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates or legal or practical problems in or under the laws of any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange  and this authorisation shall  unless previously revoked by resolution of the Company  expire at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2024. The Company may  at any time before such expiry  make offers or enter into agreements which would or might require shares to be allotted or Rights to be granted after such expiry and the directors may allot shares or grant Rights in pursuance of any such offer or agreement as if this authorisation had not expired. That the Directors be and they are hereby empowered pursuant to Section 570 of the Act to allot equity securities (within the meaning of Section 560 of the Act) for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 6 above as if Section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to any such allotment  provided that this power shall be limited to: - the allotment of equity securities in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities made (i) to holders of ordinary shares in the Company in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to the respective numbers of ordinary shares held by them on the record date for such offer and (ii) to holders of other equity securities as may be required by the rights attached to those securities or  if the directors consider it desirable  as may be permitted by such rights  but subject in each case to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may deem necessary or expedient in relation to treasury shares  fractional entitlements  record dates or legal or practical problems in or under the laws of any territory or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange; and the allotment (otherwise than pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) above) of further equity securities up to an aggregate nominal amount of £525 037.35 and this power shall  unless previously revoked or varied by special resolution of the Company in general meeting  expire at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company to be held in 2024  provided that the Company may  before such expiry  make offers or agreements which would or might require equity securities to be allotted after such expiry and the Directors are hereby empowered to allot equity securities in pursuance of such offers or agreements as if the power conferred hereby had not expired. BY ORDER OF THE BOARD R Storey 6th Floor Company Secretary 60 Gracechurch Street London 6 April 2023 EC3V 0HR Notes The Company encourages all Shareholders to submit their Form of Proxy or use the CREST Proxy Voting Service (as applicable). For CREST see note 9 below. Members are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all or any of their rights to attend and to speak and vote on their behalf at the meeting. A proxy need not be a shareholder of the Company. A shareholder may appoint more than one proxy in relation to the Annual General Meeting provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by that shareholder. To appoint more than one proxy you may photocopy this form. Please indicate the proxy holder's name and the number of shares in relation to which they are authorised to act as your proxy (which  in aggregate  should not exceed the number of shares held by you). Please also indicate if the proxy instruction is one of multiple instructions being given. All forms must be signed and should be returned together in the same envelope. To be valid  the form of proxy and the power of attorney or other authority (if any) under which it is signed or a certified copy of such power or authority must be lodged at the offices of the Company's registrars  Computershare Investor Services PLC  The Pavilions  Bridgwater Road  Bristol BS99 6ZY by hand  or sent by post  so as to be received not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the holding of the meeting (excluding any part of the day which is not a business day) or any adjournment thereof (as the case may be). Any member entitled to attend and vote at the meeting may appoint one or more proxies to attend and  on a poll  vote instead of him. A proxy need not also be a member. The completion and return of a form of proxy will not preclude a member from attending in person at the meeting and voting should he wish to do so. The Company has specified that only those members entered on the register of members at close of business on the day that is two days before the day of the meeting shall be entitled to attend and vote at the meeting in respect of the number of Ordinary Shares of 1p each in the capital of the Company held in their name at that time. Changes to the register after close of business on the day that is two days before the day of the meeting shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the meeting. IOG dedicated shareholder helpline: 0370 707 1755 Scanned proxies can be sent to: #UKCSBRS.ExternalProxyQueries@computershare.co.uk Votes may be submitted online (using details as set out in your Computershare Form of Proxy) at www.investorcentre.co.uk/eproxy . CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available via www.euroclear.com ). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf.In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a"" CREST Proxy Instruction "") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear's specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the Company's agent ID (3RA50) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in this notice of AGM. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the Company's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service provider(s) are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings.The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. Resolutions 2 and 3 - Article 20.2 of the Company's Articles of Association requires that at every annual general meeting one-third of the Directors who are subject to retirement by rotation or  if their number is not three or a multiple of three  the number nearest to but greater than one-third shall retire from office and  if they are eligible  may offer themselves for re-appointment. Resolution 4 - Article 20.8 of the Company's Articles of Association requires that at every annual general meeting  any Director appointed since the last annual general meeting shall retire from office and  if they are eligible  may offer themselves for re-appointment. Resolution 5 - To re-appoint BDO as auditors to the Company. Resolution 6 - Under the Act  the Directors may allot shares and grant rights to subscribe for or convert any securities into shares if they are authorised to do so by shareholders in general meeting. The authorisations being sought will permit the Directors to: allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any securities into shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 750 124.51  representing approximately one third of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at the date of the notice of meeting; and allot ordinary shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert any securities into ordinary shares in connection with an offer by way of rights issue to existing holders of ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal amount of £3 500 249.02  as reduced by the nominal amount of any shares allotted or rights granted under the above authorisation  representing (before any such reduction) approximately two thirds of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at the date of the notice of meeting. As at the date of the notice of meeting  the Company does not hold any treasury shares. The power sought under this resolution will expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. 14. Resolution 7 - This resolution disapplies the pre-emption rights under the Act which would otherwise apply on an allotment of ordinary shares  the grant of rights to subscribe for or convert any securities into ordinary shares  or the sale of ordinary shares held in treasury  for cash. It is limited to allotments  grants of rights and the sale of treasury shares: made in connection with rights issues or other pre-emptive offers where the ordinary shares or rights are offered first to existing shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings of ordinary shares; andpre-emptive offers where the ordinary shares or rights are offered first to existing shareholders in proportion (as nearly as may be practicable) to their existing holdings of ordinary shares; and otherwise  up to an aggregate nominal amount of £525 037.35  representing approximately one tenth of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as at the date of the notice of meeting. The power sought under this resolution will expire at the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer IOG plc published this content on 25 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 25 April 2023 07:37:02 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about IOG PLC 04/25 EXECUTIVE CHANGES: SulNOx shareholder wants chair and CEO out AN 04/25 Iog : AGM Notice PU 04/25 IOG plc Appoints George Leslie Wood as an Independent Non-Executive Director CI 04/24 Notice of AGM AQ 04/20 Fiona MacAulay Step Down as Non-Executive Chair and Chair of the Remuneration Committee.. CI 04/18 AIM WINNERS & LOSERS: Echo Energy production falls and cash runs sh.. AN 04/18 IOG encounters well control challenge after drilling Blythe H2 well AN 04/18 Drilling Update AQ 04/18 IOG plc Provides an Update on the Drilling of the Blythe H2 Well CI 03/16 EARNINGS UPDATES: Gym Group and PensionBee annual losses narrow AN",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['AGM Notice', 'IOG', 'last Annual General Meeting', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Notice', 'next general meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'aggregate nominal amount', 'IOG PLC NOTICE', 'other equity securities', 'AGM Notice', 'other arrangements', 'Riverbank House', '2 Swan Lane', 'London EC4R', 'Ordinary Business', 'Financial Statements', 'Esa Ikaheimonen', 'Neil Hawkings', 'Douglas Scott', 'BDO LLP', 'Special Business', 'previous authorisations', 'respective numbers', 'record date', 'fractional entitlements', 'practical problems', 'regulatory body', 'stock exchange', 'ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'First name', 'ordinary resolutions', 'special resolution', 'Companies Act', 'rights issue', 'The Company', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'offices', 'Fieldfisher', '2 May', 'thought', 'Report', 'Directors', 'year', 'Auditors', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Association', 'appointment', 'conclusion', 'accounts', 'remuneration', 'purposes', 'section', 'substitution', 'powers', 'security', 'relation', 'meaning', 'paragraph', 'connection', 'offer', 'way', 'holders', 'proportion', 'case', 'exclusions', 'legal', 'laws', 'territory', 'requirements', 'time', 'expiry', 'agreements', 'pursuance', 'cash', 'authority', 'allotment', 'invitation', '10.00']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23637,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://techcrunch.com/2023/04/25/fintech-focused-vc-firm-anthemis-group-lays-off-28-of-staff-as-part-of-restructuring/,Fintech-focused VC firm Anthemis Group lays off 28% of staff as part of restructuring,Anthemis Group is undergoing a restructuring that resulted in its letting go of 16 employees  or about 28% of its employees  earlier this year  the fintech-focused venture firm has confirmed to TechCrunch. A spokesperson for London-based Anthemis said the mov…,Anthemis Group has completed restructuring that resulted in its letting go of 16 employees  or about 28% of its employees  earlier this year  the fintech-focused venture firm has confirmed to TechCrunch.A spokesperson for London-based Anthemis said the move was an effort “to better reflect current market conditions and to set up the business for future growth” against its “strategic priorities.”The firm declined to say which roles were impacted in the restructuring but a source who wished to remain anonymous pointed to Farhan Lalji  a former managing director of the firm  as being among the group that was laid off  in addition to early-stage investor Swarnali Mitra and an individual who served as both a content and editorial manager. TechCrunch reached out to all three employees but did not receive a response. However  their LinkedIn profiles indicate they are no longer with Anthemis as of January and February of this year. (Reporter’s note: It was called to our attention post-publication that former managing director Farhan Lalji confirmed in this February 1 blog post that he left Anthemis and then reveals he founded another venture firm  LTV Capital  in this February 2 post.)Since the layoffs  Anthemis says it has made two new hires — an investment principal and head of intellectual capital — and currently has a team of 44 people across Europe and North America. In April 2021  Jillian Williams left her role as investment principal at Anthemis to join Cowboy Ventures as a partner. She initially joined Anthemis in July 2016 and helped open its U.S. office in New York.Founded in 2010  Anthemis today has $1.5 billion in assets under management. The firm in late 2021 announced that it had raised $700 million in new funds in what the spokesperson described as “a collection of capital” it closed “across strategies” from its venture studio through to its venture growth fund.“Our focus  now more than ever  is around deploying financial  intellectual and human capital in service of the financial system improvement and reinvention ” the spokesperson said this month. “And I will say that strategy continues to evolve.” She said Anthemis remains committed to backing diverse founders and that it continues to “explore complementary products” within its asset management business.This isn’t the first time in recent years that a venture capital firm has let go of staff. Last June  Backstage Capital revealed it had downsized its staff from 12 to three people after pausing net new investments. Generally  though  it is quite unusual for a venture firm to lay off so many people at one time.Anthemis declined to provide further specifics around its strategy moving forward  instead pointing me to this blog post from co-founder Amy Nauiokas. In the post  Nauiokas writes that the firm aims to “translate 2022’s reckoning in private markets into enduring change in the structure and method of early-stage investing.”She added: “With interest rates rising across western economies  the ‘search for yield’ that has sustained an epoch of our business has officially come to a close.”So far this year  Anthemis has publicly announced a few new investments including: Flyby  Elevate (lead investor)  Greenspark and Agreena. It also announced a follow-on investment in Flock. The firm has also seen a couple of exits  including Power being acquired by Marqeta and Goji getting picked up by Euroclear. Other companies in its portfolio include social investment app eToro  investing and savings app Betterment and insurtech Vouch.But in the past year  Anthemis has also seen a couple of portfolio companies stumble. In November  controversy surrounding the sudden stepping down of three of Pipe’s co-founders  including its CEO  raised eyebrows. And more recently  LGBTQ+-focused digital bank Daylight was slammed with a lawsuit by three former employees “alleging age and wage discrimination  whistleblower retaliation  and fraud.”Meanwhile  Anthemis also is “actively fundraising ” the spokesperson confirmed  but said the firm could not comment on those efforts beyond that so as not to violate regulatory rules. It also declined to provide a comment in response to an allegation from one affected employee that the recent layoffs were related to challenges in getting capital commitments “due to less than top quartile returns.” The spokesperson said Anthemis could not comment on returns “as a matter of policy.”One individual who wished to remain anonymous confirmed to TechCrunch that she was notified about one week before she was due to start a new position at the firm in January that the firm had “restructured” and that the role she was set to start “no longer exists.” However  she says she was “really OK with the way it was dealt with and how I was treated.”The company’s restructuring is not the first time there has been a management shakeup. The firm also made headlines in 2018 when its then-CEO and co-founder Nadeem Shaikh resigned after reportedly being the target of a sexual harassment complaint by a female employee.Want more fintech news in your inbox? Sign up here.Got a news tip or inside information about a topic we covered? We’d love to hear from you. You can reach me at maryann@techcrunch.com. Or you can drop us a note at tips@techcrunch.com. Happy to respect anonymity requests.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.13,0.77,True,English,"['Fintech-focused VC firm', 'Anthemis Group', 'staff', 'part', 'restructuring', 'LGBTQ+-focused digital bank Daylight', 'current market conditions', 'former managing director', 'U.S. office', 'sexual harassment complaint', 'financial system improvement', 'two new hires', 'venture growth fund', 'top quartile returns', 'net new investments', 'one affected employee', '12 to three people', 'social investment app', 'three former employees', 'fintech-focused venture firm', 'asset management business', 'February 1 blog post', 'venture capital firm', 'future growth', 'venture studio', 'financial, intellectual', 'savings app', 'female employee', 'three employees', 'New York', 'new funds', 'one time', 'new position', 'strategic priorities', 'Farhan Lalji', 'early-stage investor', 'Swarnali Mitra', 'editorial manager', 'LinkedIn profiles', 'LTV Capital', 'February 2 post', 'investment principal', 'intellectual capital', 'North America', 'Jillian Williams', 'Cowboy Ventures', 'human capital', 'complementary products', 'first time', 'recent years', 'Backstage Capital', 'many people', 'private markets', 'interest rates', 'western economies', 'lead investor', 'Other companies', 'insurtech Vouch', 'sudden stepping', 'wage discrimination', 'whistleblower retaliation', 'regulatory rules', 'capital commitments', 'management shakeup', 'Nadeem Shaikh', 'fintech news', 'One individual', 'diverse founders', 'Amy Nauiokas', 'early-stage investing', 'past year', 'portfolio companies', 'recent layoffs', 'London-based Anthemis', 'Anthemis Group', '44 people', '16 employees', 'restructuring', 'letting', 'TechCrunch', 'spokesperson', 'move', 'effort', 'roles', 'source', 'addition', 'content', 'response', 'January', 'Reporter', 'note', 'attention', 'publication', 'head', 'team', 'Europe', 'April', 'partner', 'July', 'assets', 'late', 'collection', 'strategies', 'service', 'reinvention', 'strategy', 'staff', 'specifics', 'reckoning', 'enduring', 'change', 'structure', 'method', 'search', 'yield', 'epoch', 'Flyby', 'Elevate', 'Greenspark', 'Agreena', 'Flock', 'couple', 'exits', 'Power', 'Marqeta', 'Goji', 'Euroclear', 'Betterment', 'November', 'controversy', 'Pipe', 'CEO', 'eyebrows', 'lawsuit', 'fraud', 'comment', 'allegation', 'challenges', 'less', 'matter', 'policy', 'company', 'target', 'inbo']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,techcrunch.com
23638,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-kindred-group-plc-301806648.html,Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting of Kindred Group plc,"VALLETTA  Malta  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) w…","VALLETTA  Malta  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING (""EGM"") of Kindred Group plc (C 39017) (the ""Company"") convened in terms of article 135 (1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) will be held on 17 May 2023 at 10:00am CEST at Kindred's office  Regeringsgatan 25  Stockholm  Sweden.Notice to holders of Swedish Depository Receipts (""SDRs"")Holders of SDRs who wish to exercise their voting right at the EGM must:(i) be registered in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by Monday 8 May 2023 (the ""Record Date""); and(ii) no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023 23:59 CEST either register their intention to attend the EGM  or exercise their voting rights  by following the link https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  and clicking through to Kindred Group  and logging in with BankID. BankID can also be used when voting on behalf of someone else; andAlternatively  voting rights can be exercised by sending a signed proxy form  which form can be found on https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy or www.kindredgroup.com/EGM  and send this by post or courier to till Kindred Group  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm to be received no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023.Requirement (i): Holders of SDRs whose holding is registered in the name of a nominee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the EGM (by proxy or in person)  temporarily register their SDRs in their own name in the register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB by the Record Date. Such holders must well before that day contact their custodian bank or brokerage to request that their holding be temporarily registered in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB before the Record Date.Requirement (ii): Holders of SDRs who will not attend the EGM in person must send their original signed proxy forms by post or courier so as to arrive  no later than Tuesday 9 May 2023. When submitting votes via regular mail or courier the proxy needs to be accompanied by supporting documentation showing the undersigned person/s authority to vote on behalf of the SDR holder. The proxy and any Power of Attorney need to be submitted in original.The convening notice in full and the agenda of the shareholders meeting together with other EGM papers can be found on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/EGM.In the event you need assistance with  or have questions regarding  the voting procedure you can contact Euroclear via e-mail at [email protected] or via telephoneon +46 8 402 91 33. Please note that an SDR holder cannot exercise their voting rights via these channels  they are for support purposes only.Proposed AgendaIt is proposed that the EGM conducts the following business:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of Chairman of the Meeting3. Drawing up and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two person(s) to approve the minutes6. Determination that the Meeting has been duly convened7. The meeting will be requested to reconsider and if thought fit  approve the following extraordinary resolution:Resolution AIt being noted that:(i) at a Board of Directors' meeting held on 8 March 2023  the directors resolved to obtain authority to buy back GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs in the Company (the purpose of the buyback being to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders); and(ii) pursuant to article 106(1) (b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) a company may acquire any of its own shares otherwise than by subscription  provided inter alia authorisation is given by an extraordinary resolution  which resolution will need to determine the terms and conditions of such acquisitions and in particular the maximum number of shares/SDRs to be acquired  the duration of the period for which the authorisation is given and the maximum and minimum consideration.It is proposed that the Company  through the Board  be generally authorised and empowered to make purchases of ordinary shares/SDRs of GBP 0.000625 each in its capital  subject to the following:(a) the maximum number of shares/SDRs that may be so acquired is 23 000 000;(b) the minimum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 1 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(c) the maximum price that may be paid for the shares/SDRs is 300 SEK per share/SDR exclusive of tax;(d) the purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  and(e) the authority conferred by this resolution shall expire on the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting but not so as to prejudice the completion of a purchase contracted before that date.8.The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following resolutions:Resolution B(i) that the issued share capital of the Company be reduced by means of a cancellation of such number of shares/SDRs determined by the board of directors and acquired pursuant to the Company's share buy-back program up to a maximum amount of GBP 23 125  representing a maximum of 37 000 000 shares/SDRs;(ii) that the board of directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to carry out all acts necessary for the purposes of giving effect to such cancellation of shares/SDRs  at such intervals and in such amounts as it deems appropriate;(iii) that in accordance with Article 83(1) of the Companies Act  (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta)  the Company shall be authorised to give effect to the reduction of issued share capital and consequent cancellation of shares/SDRs only following the lapse of three months from the date of the publication of the statement referred to in Article 401(1)(e) of the said Act;(iv) that upon the lapse of the period referred to in paragraph (iii) above  the board of directors of the Company and/or the Company Secretary be authorised and empowered to submit one or more revised and updated Memorandum of Association of the Company to the Malta Business Registry so as to inter alia reflect the change in issued share capital following such reduction/s; and(v) that this mandate will supersede and replace previous mandates provided to the board to cancel shares/SDRs.9. The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:Resolution CThat the directors be and are hereby duly authorised and empowered in accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  articles 85(1)(b) and 88(7) in the Companies Act  on one or several occasions prior to the date of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  to issue and allot up to a maximum of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company of a nominal value of GBP 0.000625 each (the ""Share Issue Limit"") for payment in kind or through a set-off in connection with an acquisition without first offering the said shares/SDRs to existing SDR holders/shareholders (corresponding to a dilution of about 10 per cent). The Share Issue Limit shall be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back and held by the Company. This resolution is being taken in terms and for the purposes of the approvals necessary in terms of the Companies Act and the Articles of Association of the Company.10. The meeting will be requested to consider and if thought fit  approve  by extraordinary resolution  the following further resolution:Resolution DPerformance share plan for the senior managementThe Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the senior management and concluded that the Company would benefit from a continuation of a performance share plan that complements the stock option plan to further increase the senior management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a performance share plan to the senior management in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing stock option plan (SOP).In the proposed plan  the performance measure is a non-market based condition that provides participants (approximately 109) with a high degree of alignment to Company performance. PSP awards will depend on Kindred achieving financial performance target (i.e. EBITDA) over three financial years establishing a clearer link between how Kindred performs and the value that the PSP can deliver.The suggested performance share plan may in total comprise no more than 0 3% of all issued shares in Kindred annually  and on an accumulated basis the five plans of 2023-2027 will amount to around 1 1% of dilution.Closing of the meetingInformation about proposals related to Agenda item 2It is proposed that that Gunnar Johansson be elected Chairman of the Meeting.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 7Acquisition of Own SharesThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the Annual General Meeting of the Company which was held on 20 April 2023 (the ""AGM"").At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.92 per cent of those represented (31.32 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder/holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The Board of Directors proposes that the acquisition of shares/SDRs shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or via an offer to acquire the shares/SDRs to all shareholders. The purchases may take place on multiple occasions and will be based on actual market price and terms  prevailing regulations and the capital situation at any given time. Notification of any purchase will be made to Nasdaq Stockholm and details will appear in the Company's annual report and accounts.The objective of the purchase is to achieve added value for the Company's shareholders (including through the implementation of the share buy-back program previously announced) and to give the Board increased flexibility with the Company's capital structure.Following the purchase  the intention of the Board would be to either cancel  use as consideration for an acquisition or issue to employees under a Share Option programme or Share Performance Scheme.Once purchased under the Maltese Companies Act further shareholder approval will be required before those shares could be cancelled only. Shares/SDRs bought back pursuant to the Company's share buyback program will be cancelled (refer to Agenda item 8). A separate authorisation for such cancellation is being recommended pursuant to Resolution (B).If used as consideration for an acquisition  the intention would be that the actual Shares/SDRs would be offered to any potential transferor.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 8Share cancellationThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.99 per cent of those represented (31.34 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The directors may decide to cancel all or some of shares/SDRs acquired pursuant to the buy-back program.The Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) stipulates that an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders of the Company is required in order to approve the reduction in the issued share capital of the Company.Such resolution needs to be filed with the Registrar of Companies in Malta  who will publish details of such reduction. Creditors of the Company will then have a period of three months in which they can contest the reduction in capital. Upon the lapse of the three-month period  assuming that no contestations are received  the reduction in share capital can become effective.In order to reflect the changes in the issued share capital  a revised memorandum of association of the Company indicating the reduced number of shares then in issue in the capital of the Company will need to be submitted to the Registrar of Companies.The reduction in issued share capital will take place at such intervals and in such amounts (subject to the maximum amount of GBP 23 125) as the directors shall determine from time to time.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 9Share issueThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.99 per cent of those represented (31.34 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The objectives of the authorisation to be granted in terms of this resolution are to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and to enable the Company to use its own financial instruments for payment in kind or through a set-off to a selling partner in connection with any business acquisitions the Company may undertake or to settle any deferred payments in connection with business acquisitions. The market value of the shares/SDRs on each issue date that will be used in determining the price at which shares/SDRs will be issued  should be the same as the market value of the shares/SDRs listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. A cap of 23 million ordinary shares/SDRs in the Company is being requested in connection with this authorisation. The cap will be reduced by the amount of any shares/SDRs bought back and held by the Company excluding however any shares/SDRs held by the Company from the said calculation.Information about proposals related to Agenda item 10Performance share plan for the senior managementThe Board of Directors has already submitted this proposal for the consideration of the AGM.At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 95.58 per cent of those represented (29.97 per cent of the total shares/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting such authorisation. In accordance with Article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap. 386 of the Laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also required that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board has convened an extraordinary general meeting to take a fresh vote on this proposal in accordance with the rules set out in Article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM the resolution may be passed by shareholder / holder of SDRs having the right to attend and vote at the meeting holding in the aggregate not less than 75 per cent in nominal value of the shares/SDRs represented and entitled to vote at the meeting. However  if more than half in nominal value of all the shares/SDRs having the right to vote at the meeting is represented at that meeting  a simple majority in nominal value of such shares/SDRs so represented shall suffice.The Board of Directors has reviewed remuneration for the senior management and concluded that the Company would benefit from a continuation of a performance share plan that complements the stock option plan to further increase the senior management's alignment with long-term shareholder value creation. The Board proposes that the meeting resolves to approve the Board of Directors' proposal regarding a performance share plan to the senior management in Kindred Group which will be used in conjunction with the existing stock option plan (SOP).The Board of Directors is seeking shareholder approval for a 5-year mandate to operate the scheme that will cover 2023 – 2027 grants (following the 10-year mandate for Performance share plans given by the AGM in 2013). The Board have been working with the Company's consultants from Willis Towers Watson on a proposal and this is available on the Company's website www.kindredgroup.com/EGM.For information on how personal data is processed please seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfBy order of the BoardKindred Group plcMalta  April 2023For more information:Johan Wilsby  Chief Financial Officer[email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3757141/2009083.pdf Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting Kindred Group plc https://news.cision.com/kindred-group/i/kindred- c3170440 KindredSOURCE Kindred Group",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,positive,0.77,0.19,0.04,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Kindred Group plc', 'Notice', 'original signed proxy forms', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'actual market price', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'share buy-back program', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'two person(s', 'Kindred Group plc', 'other EGM papers', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'GBP 0.000625 Ordinary Shares/SDRs', 'minimum price', 'maximum price', 'Companies Act', 'voting right', 'custodian bank', 'supporting documentation', 'voting procedure', 'support purposes', 'voting list', 'inter alia', 'minimum consideration', 'multiple occasions', 'extraordinary resolution', 'Monday 8 May', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'maximum amount', 'Resolution A', 'Resolution B', 'SDR holder', 'following business', 'following resolutions', 'Record Date', 'regular mail', 'maximum number', 'convening notice', 'share capital', 'Such holders', ""Directors' meeting"", '17 May', 'VALLETTA', 'Malta', 'April', 'Company', 'terms', 'article', 'Cap.', 'Laws', '10:00am', 'office', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Stockholm', 'register', 'CEST', 'intention', 'link', 'euroclearproxy', 'BankID', 'behalf', 'someone', 'post', 'courier', 'Box', 'Requirement', 'holding', 'name', 'nominee', 'brokerage', 'votes', 'authority', 'Power', 'Attorney', 'full', 'agenda', 'shareholders', 'website', 'event', 'assistance', 'questions', 'telephone', 'channels', 'Opening', 'Election', 'Chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Board', '8 March', 'buyback', 'added', 'value', 'subscription', 'authorisation', 'conditions', 'acquisitions', 'duration', 'period', 'purchases', '1 SEK', 'tax', '300 SEK', 'place', 'completion', 'means', 'cancellation', '101']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,prnewswire.com
23639,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bulletin-from-the-annual-general-meeting-of-alfa-laval-ab-publ-301807116.html,Bulletin from the Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ),LUND  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ) was held on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at Scandic Star Hotel in Lund. The Annual General Meeting was held under the chairmanship of Alfa Laval's Chairman of the Boar…,LUND  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of Alfa Laval AB (publ) was held on Tuesday  April 25  2023  at Scandic Star Hotel in Lund. The Annual General Meeting was held under the chairmanship of Alfa Laval's Chairman of the Board Dennis Jönsson and the company's President and CEO Tom Erixon gave a presentation about the past year and the strategic direction ahead.In his presentation  Tom Erixon talked about 2022 – a year characterized by both challenges but also record high invoicing and order intake driven by a strong demand for more sustainable solutions in all of Alfa Laval's three divisions. The presentation also elaborated on the importance of continuing to invest for the future by increased investments in R&D  new competences and production capacity to lead the development in the company's technology areas and support both Alfa Laval and the company's customers in the work to reduce climate impact.Income statement and balance sheet and discharge from liabilityThe Annual General Meeting approved the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2022 as presented. The members of the Board of Directors and the company's CEO were discharged from liability for the period covered by the annual report.DividendThe Annual General Meeting resolved on a dividend to shareholders of SEK 6.00 per share. It was further resolved that the record date for the dividend should be Thursday  April 27  2023  which means that payment of the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday  May 3  2023.Board of Directors and External AuditorThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the number of Board members appointed by the Meeting shall be nine  with no deputies. Both the number of auditors and deputy auditors were decided to be two.In accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  Dennis Jönsson  Finn Rausing  Henrik Lange  Jörn Rausing  Lilian Fossum Biner  Ray Mauritsson and Ulf Wiinberg were re-elected and Anna Müller and Nadine Crauwels was newly elected as members of the Board of Directors for the period until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Dennis Jönsson was re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors.The Annual General Meeting resolved to re-elect the authorized public accountant Karoline Tedevall and the authorized public accountant Andreas Troberg was newly elected as the company's auditors and the authorized public accountants Henrik Jonzén and Andreas Mast as the company's deputy auditors for the forthcoming year.Fees and compensationThe Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  that board fees shall be paid in the amount of SEK 1 950 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 650 000 each to other members who are not employees of the company. Furthermore  fees for committee work shall be paid in the amount of SEK 300 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and in the amount of SEK 150 000 each to other members  and in the amount of SEK 75 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 75 000 each to the other members.It was decided  in accordance with the Nomination Committee's proposal  that auditors' fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.The Annual General Meeting resolved  in accordance with the Board's proposal  to amend the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives adopted at the 2021 Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting also resolved to approve the remuneration report presented by the Board.Reduction of the share capitalThe Annual General Meeting resolved to reduce the share capital  for the provision of unrestricted equity  by cancelling the 550 508 own shares held by Alfa Laval AB  whereby the share capital is reduced by SEK 1 485 377.34.To restore the share capital after the reduction of the share capital  the Board of Directors proposed that the Annual General Meeting simultaneously resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 1 485 377.34 by way of a bonus issue without issuing new shares. The reduction amount is proposed to be transferred from the company's non-restricted equity.Complete minutes from the Annual General Meeting will be published on www.alfalaval.com.For more information please contact:Johan LundinHead of Investor RelationsTel: +46 46 36 65 10Mobile: +46 730 46 30 90The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/905/3757318/2008344.pdf AGM bulletin 2023SOURCE Alfa Laval,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Bulletin', 'authorized public accountant Andreas Troberg', 'The Annual General Meeting', '2024 Annual General Meeting', '2021 Annual General Meeting', 'authorized public accountants', 'Scandic Star Hotel', 'Dennis Jönsson', 'Lilian Fossum Biner', 'Anna Müller', 'record high invoicing', 'Jörn Rausing', 'Henrik Jonzén', 'Alfa Laval AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'SOURCE Alfa Laval', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'CEO Tom Erixon', 'annual report', 'Andreas Mast', 'record date', 'Finn Rausing', 'Henrik Lange', 'strategic direction', 'order intake', 'strong demand', 'sustainable solutions', 'three divisions', 'R&D', 'new competences', 'production capacity', 'technology areas', 'climate impact', 'External Auditor', 'Nomination Committee', 'Ray Mauritsson', 'Ulf Wiinberg', 'Nadine Crauwels', 'Karoline Tedevall', 'Audit Committee', 'senior executives', 'unrestricted equity', '550,508 own shares', 'bonus issue', 'new shares', 'Complete minutes', 'Johan Lundin', 'Investor Relations', 'following files', 'AGM bulletin', 'share capital', 'past year', 'forthcoming year', 'other members', 'Remuneration Committee', 'remuneration report', 'deputy auditors', 'committee work', ""auditors' fees"", 'Board members', 'board fees', 'reduction amount', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Tuesday', 'chairmanship', 'company', 'President', 'presentation', 'challenges', 'importance', 'future', 'investments', 'development', 'customers', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'period', 'Dividend', 'shareholders', 'SEK', 'Thursday', 'payment', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'number', 'deputies', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'compensation', 'employees', 'invoices', 'guidelines', 'provision', 'way', 'information', 'Head', 'Mobile', 'download', 'cision', 'Main', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,prnewswire.com
23640,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/decisions-at-the-annual-general-meeting-25-april-2023-301807180.html,Decisions at the Annual General Meeting 25 April 2023,"HABO  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of AB Fagerhult (publ) was held on 25 April 2023 in Fagerhult (the ""AGM""). All resolutions were made in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors or the Nomination Committee…","HABO  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The Annual General Meeting of AB Fagerhult (publ) was held on 25 April 2023 in Fagerhult (the ""AGM"").All resolutions were made in accordance with the proposals of the Board of Directors or the Nomination Committee. Complete information regarding the proposals to the AGM is available on the company's website  www.fagerhultgroup.com.Income statement and balance sheetsThe AGM adopted the income statement and the balance sheet for the parent company as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet for the financial year 2022.DividendThe AGM resolved to pay a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 1.60 per share. The record date for receiving dividend was set to 27 April 2023 and the dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB starting on 3 May 2023.Discharge from liabilityEach of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO were discharged from liability for their administration of the company during the financial year 2022.FeesThe AGM resolved on fees to the members of the Board of Directors and to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  as well as fees for work in the committees of the Board of Directors as follows:SEK 1 010 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors;to the Chairman of the Board of Directors; SEK 390 000 each to the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the AGM and not employed in the Fagerhult Group;each to the other members of the Board of Directors elected by the AGM and not employed in the Fagerhult Group; SEK 134 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 80 000 each to the other members of the Audit Committee; andto the Chairman of the Audit Committee and each to the other members of the Audit Committee; and SEK 50 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and SEK 25 000 each to the other members of the Remuneration Committee.The AGM resolved that the company's auditor's fees will be paid based on current account.Board of DirectorsThe AGM elected members of the Board of Directors. Jan Svensson  Eric Douglas  Cecilia Fasth  Teresa Enander and Magnus Meyer were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors and Eva Elmstedt was elected as new member of the Board of Directors.Jan Svensson was re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Eric Douglas was re-elected as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.AuditorThe AGM elected the auditing firm KPMG AB as auditor for the period until the close of the next annual general meeting and the auditing firm has announced that Authorized Public Accountant Mathias Arvidsson will to serve as chief auditor.Principles for the composition of the Nomination CommitteeThe principles for the composition of the Nomination Committee were adopted. The adopted principles are in line with the principles adopted and in force during 2019-2022.Principles for remuneration to senior managementThe principles for remuneration to senior management were adopted.Remuneration Report for 2022The AGM approved the Board of Director's report regarding compensation pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.2023 Performance-based Share-Savings PlanThe AGM resolved to approve a performance-based share-savings plan (the ""2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan""). The AGM also resolved to approve the delivery and hedging measures proposed by theBoard of Directors for the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan.The program includes up to 90 senior executives in the Fagerhult Group. The participant in the program must acquire shares in Fagerhult at market price to a value between 2.5 percent and 12 percent of the participant's annual base salary. Each acquired share entitles the participant to four performance share rights after a three-year vesting period and each performance share right then entitles to a free share on the conditions set out below.Following the publication of Fagerhult's interim report for the first quarter of 2026  the participants in the program will be allotted shares in Fagerhult  provided continued employment and that the investment in Fagerhult shares has lasted in its entirety during the same period. In order for the allotment of shares to take place  it is also required that a financial performance target related to earnings per share for the Fagerhult Group during the financial years 2023-2025 is achieved.The maximum number of shares in Fagerhult that can be issued in accordance with the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan is limited to 1 344 284  which corresponds to approximately 0.76 percent of the outstanding shares and votes.Earnings per allotted share are limited to a maximum amount of SEK 149  which corresponds to approximately three times the volume-weighted average share price for Fagerhult shares on Nasdaq Stockholm during February 2023.The Board of Directors has estimated the average value of each performance share right at approximately SEK 57 50. The total estimated value of the performance share rights amounts to approximately SEK 10.4 million which corresponds to approximately 0.10 percent of Fagerhult's market capitalization as of 1 March  2023.The cost of the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan in the form of personnel costs is estimated to amount to approximately SEK 3.75 million  which corresponds to approximately 0.15 percent of Fagerhult's total personnel costs during the financial year 2022.The main motives for establishing the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan are to strengthen the company's ability to recruit and retain employees  spread and increase shareholding among employees and create a group-wide focus for the employees concerned.Authorisations to the Board regarding acquisition and disposal of own sharesIn order to secure the company's commitments under the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan and to be able to use repurchased shares in connection with possible acquisitions and to be able to adapt the company's capital structure and thereby contribute to increased shareholder value  the AGM resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions during the period until the next annual general meeting  acquire own shares on Nasdaq Stockholm to the extent the company holds total shares amounts to a maximum of one tenth of all shares in the company. Acquisitions according to the authorization must take place at a price within the price interval registered at any given time. The AGM further resolved to authorize the Board of Directors to transfer a maximum of 1 344 284 repurchased shares free of charge to participants in the 2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan who are entitled to receive allotment of shares in accordance with the terms of the program.Company name and amendment of the articles of associationThe AGM resolved to change AB Fagerhult's company name to Fagerhult Group AB. The resolution included an associated change in § 1 of the company's articles association to therein include the resolved company name Fagerhult Group AB.Minutes with complete resolutions from the AGM will be made available on the company's website  www.fagerhultgroup.com  no later than 9 May 2023. A copy of the Minutes  except the voting list  will be sent upon request to shareholders.Habo  25 April 2023This disclosure contains information that Fagerhult is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation (EU nr 596/2014). The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact person  on 25-04-2023 18:38 CET.CONTACT:For more information  please contact:Bodil Sonesson  President and CEO  +46 722 23 76 02  [email protected]Michael Wood  CFO  +46 730 87 46 47  [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1781/3756519/2011368.pdf Fagerhult  Decisions at the Annual General Meeting 25 April 2023SOURCE Fagerhult",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.17,0.38,0.45,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Decisions', 'Authorized Public Accountant Mathias Arvidsson', 'next annual general meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'four performance share rights', 'annual base salary', 'Swedish Companies Act', '2023 Performance-based Share-Savings Plan', 'financial performance target', 'three-year vesting period', 'total estimated value', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'average share price', 'average value', 'balance sheets', 'KPMG AB', 'financial year', 'Nomination Committee', 'Complete information', 'Income statement', 'record date', 'Audit Committee', 'current account', 'Jan Svensson', 'Eric Douglas', 'Cecilia Fasth', 'Teresa Enander', 'Magnus Meyer', 'Eva Elmstedt', 'new member', 'auditing firm', 'senior management', 'hedging measures', '90 senior executives', 'free share', 'first quarter', 'continued employment', 'same period', 'maximum number', 'maximum amount', 'three times', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'AB Fagerhult', 'The AGM', 'interim report', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Fagerhult Group', 'other members', 'outstanding shares', 'The Board', 'Remuneration Report', 'parent company', 'chief auditor', 'Vice Chairman', 'Fagerhult shares', 'HABO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'resolutions', 'accordance', 'proposals', 'Directors', 'website', 'fagerhultgroup', 'Dividend', 'shareholders', 'SEK', '3 May', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', 'administration', 'Fees', 'work', 'committees', 'close', 'Principles', 'composition', 'line', 'force', 'compensation', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'delivery', 'program', 'participant', 'market', '2.5 percent', '12 percent', 'acquired', 'conditions', 'publication', 'investment', 'entirety', 'order', 'allotment', 'place', 'earnings', '0.76 percent', 'votes', 'volume-weighted', 'February', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,prnewswire.com
23641,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/convening-notice---annual-general-meeting-in-immunovia-ab-publ-301806444.html,CONVENING NOTICE - ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN IMMUNOVIA AB (publ),"LUND  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") will take place on Friday 26th May 2023 at 9.00 at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lund. Pursua…","LUND  Sweden  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunovia AB (publ)  reg. no. 556730-4299  hereby gives notice that the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") will take place on Friday 26th May 2023 at 9.00 at The Spark  Scheeletorget 1  Medicon Village  in Lund.Pursuant to section 9 of Immunovia AB's articles of association  the board has resolved that shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by post. Shareholders may therefore choose to exercise their voting rights in person at the meeting  by proxy or through advance voting via regular mail or e-mail.Preconditions for participationA shareholder who wishes to participate in the AGM must (i) be recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 17th May 2023  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the AGM no later than 22nd May 2023  either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Medicon Village  223 63 Lund or via email to [email protected]  or by casting an advance vote in accordance with what is set out below no later than 22nd May 2023. A participation notice shall contain name and personal identity number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number  registered shareholding in Immunovia AB and number of attending assistants  if any (not more than 2).To be entitled to participate in the AGM  in addition to providing notification of participation  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 17th May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than 22nd May 2023 will be taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Advance voting via regular mail or e-mailThe shareholders may also exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance  so-called postal voting. A special form shall be used for advance voting  which once completed and signed shall be sent to the company either by post to ""Bolagsstämma""  Immunovia AB  Medicon Village  223 63 Lund or via email to [email protected] . The voting form will be available at the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/ . The voting form must be received by the company no later than 22nd May 2023. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the voting form. Submission of a voting form is considered as a notification of participation.Authorisation documentsShareholders who are represented by proxy must issue a written  dated proxy for the representative. Such proxy forms are available at https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/. The proxy should be sent to the company in accordance with the above  together with the participation notice or with the advance notice form. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the certificate of registration or an equivalent certificate of authority must be submitted to the company.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meeting Preparation and approval of voting list Election of person(s) to approve the minutes Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened Approval of the agenda Presentation of the annual report and audit report Decision on:a.approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet  and the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheetb.approval of allocations regarding the company's loss according to the adopted balance sheetc.whether to discharge the directors and the managing director from liability Determination of fees for the board  committees and the auditors Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditorsa.Re-election Philipp von Hugob.Re-election Peter Høngaard Andersen (as Board member)c.Election Vanessa Rollingsd.Election Helge Lubenowe.Election Sven Andréassonf.Election Peter Høngaard Andersen (Chairman of the Board)g.Omval Mats-Åke Andersson (auditor)h.Omval Martin Gustafsson (deputy auditor) Resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to management Resolution on authorization of the board to resolve on new issue of shares Closing of the meetingResolution proposals at Immunovia AB's Annual General Meeting1 Opening of the meeting and election of a chairman for the meetingThe nomination committee for the 2023 AGM has consisted of its chairman Peter Lindvall (representing Mikael Löfman)  Mats Leifland (representing Mats Ohlin) Ranny Davidoff (representing himself) and Carl Borrebaeck in his capacity as Chairman of the Board. Since Carl Borrebaeck was also one of the three largest shareholders  he has made his seat (in his capacity as a shareholder) available to the next shareholder. Carl Borrebaeck has chosen  as from 13th April 2023  not to participate in the nomination committee's work due to personal reasons.The nomination committee proposes that business lawyer Fredrik Önnerfors should be elected as chairman for the meeting or  if he is not able to participate at the meeting  another person proposed by the nomination committee.7 b approval of allocations regarding the company's loss according to the adopted balance sheetThe board proposes that the company's losses shall be allocated in accordance with the proposal set out in the annual report for 2022.8 Determination of fees for the board  committees and the auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the chairman of the board shall receive SEK 550 000 and each of the other members of the board shall receive SEK 240 000. Remuneration for committee work is proposed to amount to SEK 30 000 for members of the audit and remuneration committees and SEK 50 000 for the chairmen of the audit and remuneration committees. Travel expenses will be reimbursed in accordance with company policy. Lastly  the nomination committee proposes that the auditor's fees are to be paid as per approved invoice.9 Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the number of board members shall be five  with no deputy members  that board members Philipp von Hugo and Peter Høngaard Andersen shall be re-elected as board members  and that Vanessa Rollings  Helge Lubenow and Sven Andréasson shall be elected as new board members.After having founded the company and served as Immunovia's Chairman of the Board since the start in 2007  Carl Borrebaeck has himself elected not to stand for re-election at the Annual General Meeting  and will thereby leave Immunovia's Board in order to increase his involvement in his other development companies. Martin Möller  Eric Krafft and Hans Johansson have declined re-election.Peter Høngaard Andersen is proposed to be elected Chairman of the Board.Vanessa RollingsVanessa Rollings is a senior financial executive with over 25 years of experience assisting healthcare  technology  and consumer & retail companies scale their business. Vanessa's career reflects a demonstrated track record of building and developing high-functioning finance and accounting teams  leading corporate development  raising capital  rapidly growing revenues  building out a business intelligence function  managing investor relations  and executing M&A transactions in domestic and global markets. Vanessa is currently CFO of Big Health  a privately-held digital therapeutics company providing safe and effective non-drug alternatives for the most common mental health conditions. Previously  Vanessa was the Chief Financial Officer of Tempus Labs  Inc.  a privately-held  data driven precision medicine company. She has held CFO roles at three other companies  including a consulting firm with ~$100 million in annual revenues and a health-tech venture capital firm. Prior to her CFO roles  Vanessa was an investment banker focused on sell-side mergers & acquisitions at William Blair. Vanessa has an MBA in finance and marketing from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University and a Bachelors of Business Administration from the University of Notre Dame.Vanessa Rollings is independent in relation to the company  the company's management and the company's major shareholders.. She currently holds no shares in Immunovia.Helge LubenowDr. Helge Lubenow (*1968  German) studied Biology and earned the doctoral degree at the University of Cologne and the Max-Planck-Institute in the field of genetics. After joining Qiagen GmbH  Germany  in 1997  Dr. Lubenow held various positions  most recently Senior Vice President  Head of Molecular Diagnostic Business. During this time  Dr. Lubenow also assumed positions in enterprises newly acquired by Qiagen GmbH  such as Corbett Life Science  Sydney  Australia and Digene Inc.  Gaithersburg  U.S.A. and was responsible for integration of the respective enterprise. In 2016  Dr. Lubenow founded her own consulting firm AGOS Consulting. From 2018 to 2019 she was the managing director of tesa Labtec GmbH a manufacturer of pharmaceutical special dosage forms. In January 2020 she was appointed as CEO of Proteomedix AG  Zurich  Switzerland  an organization engaged in prostate cancer diagnostics for which she had served as a member of the board since 2017. Dr. Lubenow has many years of experience in the field of molecular diagnostics within a broad network in the health sector  in management consulting and is an expert for the in vitro diagnostics industry in Europe  Asia and the United States. Dr. Lubenow is an independent member (within the meaning of the German Corporate Governance Code) of the legally required supervisory boards of the following companies: Biofrontera AG  Leverkusen  Germany (since December 2021); Epigenomics AG  Berlin  Germany (since June 2016). Dr. Lubenow is a member of the following comparable control committees of domestic and foreign companies: Neracare GmbH  Frankfurt am Main  Germany; Human Gesellschaft für Biochemica und Diagnostica mbH  Wiesbaden  Germany; Avelo AG  Schlieren  Switzerland. Helge Lubenow is independent in relation to the company  the company's management and the company's major shareholders. She currently holds no shares in Immunovia.Sven AndréassonSven Andréasson has more than 40 years' experience as an executive in the life science industry. He started his career at Kabi  Stockholm  where he became CEO for the German  UK and Belgian subsidiaries. He subsequently became head of the Biopharmaceutical division responsible for human growth hormones  blood plasma products  and LMW heparin/ thrombolytic cardiovascular products. After the acquisition of Pharmacia in 1989 he became President of Pharmacia International in Brussels  Belgium and later Pharmacia SA  Paris  France (today part of Pfizer). From 1999 he served for nine years as the President and CEO of Active Biotech  Lund Sweden  a publicly traded company developing innovative products for autoimmune diseases including multiple sclerosis (partnered with TEVA) and for various cancers. He subsequently became CEO of Beta-Cell NV  in Brussels  a company developing cell-based treatments for diabetes. In February 2012 he became CEO of Isconova AB  a vaccine development company acquired by Novavax Inc  MD  USA where he is Senior VP  Business & Corporate Development. Sven Andréasson has an MSc in business administration and finance from the Stockholm School of Economics. Sven Andreasson is independent in relation to the company  the company's management and the company's major shareholders. He currently holds no shares in ImmunoviaMore information concerning the board members proposed for re-election can be found on the company's website and in the annual report for 2022.The nomination committee also proposes that the chartered accountant Mats-Åke Andersson  HLB Auditoriet AB  is re-elected as auditor of the company  with Martin Gustafsson  HLB Auditoriet AB as deputy auditor.11 Resolution regarding guidelines for remuneration to managementThe board proposes  after recommendation from the remuneration committee  that the remuneration to senior management shall consist of fixed salary (possibly combined with a variable element)  other customary benefits and a pension scheme. The total annual remuneration shall be in line with market practice and competitive on the market where the manager in question is active  and take the manager's qualifications and experience into consideration  while also taking exceptional performance into account. The fixed salary shall be revised on a yearly basis. As referred to herein  the Immunovia's CEO and the group's management team shall be considered as ""senior management"".Fixed salary and variable remuneration shall be related to the manager's responsibilities and authorities. The variable remuneration shall be paid in cash or in the form of shares  subscription warrants  convertible bonds or other share related instruments such as synthetic options or personnel options  and be based on results compared to defined targets  and further be structures so that there is an increased common interest between the manager and the company's shareholders is achieved. The vesting period (or the period from the agreement date to the day on which a share can be acquired) cannot be less than three years. Variable cash remuneration shall not exceed the fixed salary. The terms and conditions for variable remuneration should be drafted so that the it is possible for the board  in cases of severe financial conditions for the company  to limit or withdraw variable remuneration in cases where payment of such variable remuneration is deemed unreasonable and inconsistent with the company's responsibility towards the company's shareholders. For annual bonus it should be possible to limit or refrain from payment if the board deems it motivated for other reasons.If a board member performs other work for the company than the board work  consultancy fees and other remuneration for such work can be paid after special resolution by the board.As far as possible  pension benefits shall be fee based. The CEO and other members of the group's management team shall have a notice period of not more than 18 months. Fixed salary and severance pay during the notice period shall not exceed an amount corresponding to two years of fixed salary.The board shall promote the application of the above guidelines in all group companies. The board shall have the right to deviate from the above guidelines if the board in a particular case deems that there are compelling reasons that motivates such deviation.Matters concerning salaries and other remuneration to the CEO and other members of the group's management team shall be handled by the remuneration committee and decided by the board.The guidelines adopted by the 2022 AGM have been complied with  and all remuneration that has not yet been paid out falls within the guidelines. For information regarding remuneration and ongoing programs  please see the company's remuneration report  which will be made available on the company's website in the manner set out below.12 Resolution on authorization of the board to resolve on new issue of sharesFor the purposes of enabling the board to develop the company's capital structure  diversify the shareholder base  finance or carry out acquisitions or other arrangements  the board proposes the AGM to authorize the board to resolve  on one or several occasions before the next AGM  on an issue of shares. Such issue may entail a deviation from the shareholders' preferential right to subscribe for new shares and also entail that payment of the new shares may be made in cash or by consideration in kind. The issue may result in an aggregate increase in the share capital corresponding to the issue of a maximum of 20 % of the number of shares as per the 2023 AGM.The new shares shall  in the event of a deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  be issued at a subscription price based on the share price at the time of the issue  decreased by any discount in line with market practice that the Board deems necessary.The board or any person appointed by the board is entitled to resolve on any minor changes to the AGM's resolution that may be required at registration of the resolution at the Swedish Companies Registration Office.A resolution passed by the AGM in accordance with this proposal is valid only if supported by shareholders holding at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the meeting.Number of shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  there are a total of 22 631 581 shares in the company  each share representing one vote  it however being noted that 22 655 917 new shares have been issued (but not yet registered with the Companies' Registrations Office) in accordance with the resolution at the extraordinary general meeting on 16th March 2023 . The company does not hold any of its own shares.DocumentsThe annual report  the complete proposals of the nomination committee  the remuneration report and other documentation for the AGM (including a proxy form and the voting form) will be available at the company and posted on the company's website https://immunovia.com/sv/bolagsstamma/ no later than three weeks prior to the AGM. The documents will be sent upon request to shareholders providing their address to the company.Information at the AGMThe board shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the company's relation to other companies within the group  in accordance with the Swedish Company's Act Chapter 7 § 32.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the privacy notice available on Euroclear's webpage  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Lund in April 2023Immunovia AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Karin Almqvist LiwendahlChief Financial Officer[email protected]+46 709 11 56 08About ImmunoviaImmunovia is a diagnostic company with the vision to revolutionize blood-based diagnostics and increase survival rates for patients with cancer.Our first product  IMMray™ PanCan-d is the only blood test currently available specifically for the early detection of pancreatic cancer. The test has unmatched clinical performance. Commercialization of IMMray™ PanCan-d started in August 2021 in the USA and IMMray™ PanCan-d is offered as a laboratory developed test (LDT) exclusively through Immunovia  Inc. For more information see: www.immunoviainc.com.Immunovia collaborates and engages with healthcare providers  leading experts and patient advocacy groups globally to make this test available to all high-risk pancreatic cancer groups.The USA  the first market in which IMMray™ PanCan-d is commercially available  is the world's largest market for the detection of pancreatic cancer with an estimated  addressable market size of 1.8 million individuals per year who could benefit from our test.Immunovia's shares (IMMNOV) are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. For more information  please visit www.immunovia.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/13121/3757211/2007904.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Immunovia AB",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.0,negative,0.01,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'IMMUNOVIA AB', 'Re-election Peter Høngaard Andersen', 'Election Sven Andréasson', 'Omval Martin Gustafsson', 'Mikael Löfman', 'Election Vanessa Rollings', 'Election Helge Lubenow', 'audit report Decision', 'personal identity number', 'Friday 26th May', 'corporate registration number', 'Annual General Meeting', 'three largest shareholders', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Such proxy forms', 'voting right registration', 'meeting Resolution proposals', 'advance notice form', 'Peter Lindvall', 'annual report', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'telephone number', 'Immunovia AB', '17th May', '22nd May', 'special form', 'voting form', 'The Spark', 'Medicon Village', 'voting rights', 'Bolagsstämma', 'registered shareholding', 'attending assistants', 'postal voting', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Authorisation documents', 'legal entity', 'voting list', 'consolidated profit', 'managing director', 'auditors Election', 'new issue', 'nomination committee', 'Mats Leifland', 'Mats Ohlin', 'Ranny Davidoff', 'Carl Borrebaeck', 'next s', 'advance voting', 'remuneration report', 'share register', 'loss statement', 'advance vote', 'regular mail', 'equivalent certificate', 'person(s', 'liability Determination', 'deputy auditor', 'participation notice', 'board members', 'loss account', 'LUND', 'April', 'publ', 'AGM', 'place', 'Scheeletorget', 'section', 'articles', 'association', 'Preconditions', 'circumstances', 'intention', 'email', 'accordance', 'name', 'address', 'addition', 'notification', 'shares', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'time', 'company', 'website', 'bolagsstamma', 'entirety', 'Submission', 'representative', 'copy', 'authority', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Presentation', 'allocations', 'directors', 'fees', 'committees', 'guidelines', 'management', 'authorization', 'capacity', 'seat']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,prnewswire.com
23642,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-back-in-record-mode-hope-for-good-figures-43634557/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Deutsche Börse back in record mode - hope for good figures,(marketscreener.com) Deutsche Börse shares resumed their record chase on Tuesday. After taking a breather at the beginning of the week  they reached an all-time high of 186.15 euros in the afternoon. Most recently  the stock exchange operator's shares were am…,FRANKFURT (dpa-AFX Broker) - Deutsche Börse shares resumed their record chase on Tuesday. After taking a breather at the beginning of the week  they reached an all-time high of 186.15 euros in the afternoon.Most recently  the stock exchange operator's shares were among the biggest gainers on the Dax  gaining 1.5 percent to 185.65 euros  benefiting from hopes of solid business figures. The German benchmark index slipped slightly.Deutsche Börse will present its quarterly figures after close of trading on Wednesday. Analysts expect another strong quarter. The company is on track to achieve its targets  they said.Bank UBS said investors are likely to focus on interest-rate-sensitive businesses such as the custody business of subsidiary Clearstream  while some weakness is expected in equities trading./la/zb-----------------------dpa-AFX Broker - Trader News from dpa-AFX-----------------------,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.1,0.64,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'record mode', 'good figures', 'hope', 'Deutsche Börse shares', 'stock exchange operator', 'German benchmark index', 'solid business figures', 'quarterly figures', 'custody business', 'record chase', 'time high', 'biggest gainers', '1.5 percent to', 'strong quarter', 'Bank UBS', 'interest-rate-sensitive businesses', 'Trader News', 'equities trading', 'dpa-AFX Broker', 'FRANKFURT', 'Tuesday', 'breather', 'beginning', 'week', '186.15 euros', 'afternoon', 'Dax', '185.65 euros', 'hopes', 'close', 'Wednesday', 'Analysts', 'company', 'track', 'targets', 'investors', 'subsidiary', 'Clearstream', 'weakness']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23643,Clearstream,Bing API,https://interfax.com/newsroom/top-stories/90039/,Kazakhstan Stock Exchange to segregate accounts of Russian  Belarusian citizens from other accounts,The Kazakhstan Stock Exchange (KASE) has circulated information on the need to segregate accounts of citizens of Russian  Belarusian citizens at Central Securities Depository  the investment bank Halyk Finance said.,"Kazakhstan Stock Exchange to segregate accounts of Russian  Belarusian citizens from other accountsALMATY. April 26 (Interfax) - The Kazakhstan Stock Exchange (KASE) has circulated information on the need to segregate accounts of citizens of Russian  Belarusian citizens at Central Securities Depository  the investment bank Halyk Finance said.Halyk Finance informed of a letter from the KASE regarding segregation of accounts of Russian  Belarusian citizens at Central Securities Depository  namely securities accounts denominated in a currency other than the tenge and instruments settled through the international settlement depositories Euroclear and Clearstream.It is noted that tentatively the segregation will begin after May 1  2023. Thereafter  according to Halyk Finance  there may be delays in settlement of deals on the KASE  which ""may lead to default situations and penalties on the part of the exchange.""""To minimize the risks of default on transactions on the KASE  Halyk Finance plans to shut access for Russian  Belarusian citizens to the KASE Global sector and other instruments on the KASE denominated in foreign currencies  settlement for which is held in the international settlement depositories Euroclear and Clearstream starting from April 27  2023 "" the company said.Deputy Chair of Kazakhstan's Agency for Regulation and Development of the Financial Market Maria Khadzhiyeva told a Wednesday briefing that the KASE introduced this order due to demands by international accounting organizations.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['Kazakhstan Stock Exchange', 'Russian, Belarusian citizens', 'other accounts', 'The Kazakhstan Stock Exchange', 'international accounting organizations', 'Central Securities Depository', 'Russian, Belarusian citizens', 'international settlement depositories', 'KASE Global sector', 'securities accounts', 'investment bank', 'Halyk Finance', 'foreign currencies', 'Deputy Chair', 'Financial Market', 'Maria Khadzhiyeva', 'Wednesday briefing', 'default situations', 'other instruments', 'other accounts', 'ALMATY', 'April', 'Interfax', 'information', 'need', 'letter', 'segregation', 'currency', 'tenge', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'May', 'delays', 'deals', 'penalties', 'part', 'risks', 'transactions', 'access', 'company', 'Agency', 'Regulation', 'Development', 'order', 'demands']",2023-04-26,2023-04-26,interfax.com
23644,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-up-005-3064112,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.05% By Investing.com,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.05%,Published Apr 25  2023 01:15PM ET© Reuters. Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX up 0.05%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher while losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the rose 0.05%  while the index fell 0.66%  and the index lost 0.79%.The best performers of the session on the were Daimler Truck Holding AG (ETR: )  which rose 2.90% or 0.87 points to trade at 30.83 at the close. Meanwhile  SAP SE (ETR: ) added 2.25% or 2.70 points to end at 122.58 and Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) was up 1.83% or 3.35 points to 186.30 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N. (ETR: )  which fell 3.83% or 0.38 points to trade at 9.52 at the close. Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR: ) declined 2.99% or 10.80 points to end at 349.90 and Commerzbank AG O.N. (ETR: ) was down 2.87% or 0.31 points to 10.34.The top performers on the MDAX were Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO (ETR: ) which rose 12.46% to 34.30  TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) which was up 3.02% to settle at 16.05 and Gerresheimer AG (ETR: ) which gained 2.43% to close at 92.80.The worst performers were Evotec AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 6.21% to 16.67 in late trade  Wacker Chemie O.N. (ETR: ) which lost 4.35% to settle at 138.50 and K&S AG (ETR: ) which was down 3.80% to 17.95 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were TeamViewer AG (ETR: ) which rose 3.02% to 16.05  SAP SE (ETR: ) which was up 2.25% to settle at 122.58 and Eckert & Ziegler AG O.N. (ETR: ) which gained 1.13% to close at 46.60.The worst performers were Evotec AG O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 6.21% to 16.67 in late trade  Morphosys AG O.N. (ETR: ) which lost 3.00% to settle at 19.08 and Sartorius AG VZO O.N. (ETR: ) which was down 2.99% to 349.90 at the close.Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 429 to 229 and 94 ended unchanged.Shares in SAP SE (ETR: ) rose to 52-week highs; up 2.25% or 2.70 to 122.58. Shares in Deutsche Boerse AG (ETR: ) rose to all time highs; gaining 1.83% or 3.35 to 186.30. Shares in K&S AG (ETR: ) fell to 52-week lows; down 3.80% or 0.71 to 17.95. Shares in SAP SE (ETR: ) rose to 52-week highs; gaining 2.25% or 2.70 to 122.58.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was up 2.17% to 17.43.Gold Futures for June delivery was up 0.10% or 1.95 to $2 001.75 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in June fell 2.41% or 1.90 to hit $76.86 a barrel  while the July Brent oil contract fell 2.51% or 2.07 to trade at $80.47 a barrel.EUR/USD was down 0.67% to 1.10  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.06% to 0.88.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.57% at 101.65.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.03,0.83,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'Investing', 'Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.', 'Sartorius AG VZO O.N.', 'Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Wacker Chemie O.N.', 'Commerzbank AG O.N.', 'Evotec AG O.N.', 'Ziegler AG O.N.', 'Morphosys AG O.N.', 'Daimler Truck Holding AG', 'July Brent oil contract', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'K&S AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'TeamViewer AG', 'Gerresheimer AG', 'Gold Futures', 'Crude oil', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'SAP SE', 'worst performers', 'top performers', 'Falling stocks', '52-week highs', 'time highs', '52-week lows', 'implied volatility', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'June delivery', 'Apr', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Tuesday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'losses', 'session', 'ETR', '2.70 points', '10.80 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'Eckert', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '3.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,investing.com
23645,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/R-STAHL-AG-11277506/news/R-STAHL-extends-contract-with-CEO-Dr-Mathias-Hallmann-early-43627623/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,R. STAHL extends contract with CEO Dr. Mathias Hallmann early,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word: PersonnelR. STAHL extends contract with CEO Dr. Mathias Hallmann early 25.04.2023 / 10:04 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL …,EQS-News: R. Stahl AG / Key word(s): PersonnelR. STAHL extends contract with CEO Dr. Mathias Hallmann early25.04.2023 / 10:04 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.R. STAHL extends contract with CEO Dr. Mathias Hallmann earlySupervisory Board continues successful cooperationOngoing development of the strategic positioningContract term until end of September 2026Waldenburg  25 April 2023 – The R. STAHL Supervisory Board is continuing the successful cooperation with CEO Dr. Mathias Hallmann. At today’s Supervisory Board meeting  the committee decided unanimously on an early extension of the current contract with the CEO until 30 September 2026. This is his second contract extension since 2020.“Dr. Hallmann assumed the role of CEO at R. STAHL in 2018 in a difficult economic situation and has fundamentally repositioned the company strategically in recent years  returning the company to a profitable growth path”  says Peter Leischner  Chairman of the Supervisory Board at R. STAHL AG. “We look forward to continuing along the successful path we have embarked on with Dr. Hallmann in the years ahead.”Dr. Mathias Hallmann has been on the Executive Board of R. STAHL AG since October 2017 and became CEO in January 2018. Dr. Hallmann has been the sole member of the Executive Board since July 2022 and has also assumed responsibility for finance on an interim basis in addition to his other duties.About R. STAHL - www.r-stahl.comR. STAHL is the world's leading supplier of electrical and electronic products and systems for explosion protection. These products and systems prevent explosions in hazardous areas and contribute to the safety of people  machines and the environment. The portfolio ranges from products used in switching/distributing  installing  operating/monitoring  lighting and signalling/alarming up to automation.Typical customers are the chemical and pharmaceutical industry  the oil & gas industry - including LNG applications - as well as the food and beverage industry. Most of the R. STAHL products are also approved for use with hydrogen. In 2022 global sales amounting to around €274 million were generated by 1 676 employees. The shares of R. STAHL AG are traded on the Regulated Market/Prime Standard of Deutsche Boerse (ISIN DE000A1PHBB5).Contact:R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof 3074638 Waldenburg (Württ.)GermanyTel. +49 7942 943-1396investornews@r-stahl.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['CEO Dr. Mathias Hallmann', 'R. STAHL', 'contract', 'R. STAHL AGJudith SchäubleDirector', 'The R. STAHL Supervisory Board', 'CEO Dr. Mathias Hallmann', 'difficult economic situation', 'Regulated Market/Prime Standard', 'Corporate CommunicationsAm Bahnhof', 'Supervisory Board meeting', 'profitable growth path', 'R. STAHL products', 'second contract extension', 'Dr. Hallmann', 'Executive Board', 'early extension', 'successful path', 'Key word', 'successful cooperation', 'Ongoing development', 'strategic positioning', 'Peter Leischner', 'sole member', 'interim basis', 'other duties', 'leading supplier', 'explosion protection', 'hazardous areas', 'Typical customers', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'gas industry', 'LNG applications', 'beverage industry', 'global sales', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'ISIN DE000A1PHBB', 'Investor Relations', 'Württ.', 'Contract term', 'current contract', 'electronic products', 'recent years', 'EQS-News', 'Personnel', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'end', 'September', 'Waldenburg', '25 April', 'today', 'committee', 'role', 'company', 'Chairman', 'October', 'January', 'July', 'responsibility', 'finance', 'addition', 'world', 'electrical', 'systems', 'explosions', 'safety', 'people', 'machines', 'environment', 'portfolio', 'distributing', 'monitoring', 'lighting', 'automation', 'chemical', 'oil', 'food', 'use', 'hydrogen', '1,676 employees', 'shares', 'Contact', 'GermanyTel', '10', '04', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23646,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/deutsche-boerse-posts-stronger-than-expected-q1-profit-2023-04-26/,Deutsche Boerse posts stronger-than-expected Q1 profit,German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said on Wednesday it posted a 12% rise in first-quarter net profit  a better result than analysts had expected  and that it may exceed its forecasts for 2023.,"FRANKFURT  April 26 (Reuters) - German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) on Wednesday said it posted a 12% rise in first-quarter net profit  a better result than analysts had expected  and that it may exceed its forecasts for 2023.Revenue at the group rose 16% in the quarter from a year earlier  helped by higher interest rates and market volatility that generates trading income  the company said.Net profit attributable to shareholders was 473 million euros ($522.05 million)  up from 421 million euros a year ago  the company said.Analysts had expected a profit increase of nearly 10% and a revenue increase of almost 14%.Deutsche Boerse was rosy on its outlook  saying that 2023 earnings would be at the upper end of its projected forecasts or ""even slightly exceed it.""Those forecasts are for full-year revenue of 4.5 billion-4.7 billion euros and earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortisation of 2.6 billion-2.8 billion euros.($1 = 0.9060 euros)Reporting by Tom Sims and Hakan Ersen Editing by Chris ReeseOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Q1 profit', 'expected', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'German exchange operator', 'Hakan Ersen Editing', '4.5 billion-4.7 billion euros', '2.6 billion-2.8 billion euros', 'higher interest rates', 'first-quarter net profit', 'profit increase', 'million euros', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'market volatility', 'trading income', 'upper end', 'Tom Sims', 'Chris Reese', 'revenue increase', 'full-year revenue', '0.9060 euros', 'FRANKFURT', 'April', 'Wednesday', '12% rise', 'result', 'analysts', 'forecasts', 'group', 'company', 'shareholders', '2023 earnings', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2023-04-26,2023-04-26,reuters.com
23647,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.hl.co.uk/funds/research-and-news/fund-news--and--alerts/fidelity-global-dividend-april-2023-fund-update,Fidelity Global Dividend: April 2023 fund update,Investment Analyst Aidan Moyle shares our analysis on the manager  process  culture  ESG integration  cost and performance of the Fidelity Global Dividend fund.,This research represented the views of the author at the time of publishing; however  it might not reflect their current views.Investments can go down as well as up so there is always a danger that you could get back less than you invest. Nothing here is personalised advice  if unsure you should seek advice.Daniel Roberts is a highly experienced income investor and uses a clear and effective processA global equity income fund with a valuation focus  which could work well alongside US-dominated or global growth fundsGlobal income funds have struggled in recent years  though they have done well more recently  and this fund’s long-term performance has been strongThis fund features on our Wealth Shortlist of funds chosen by our analysts for their long-term performance potentialHow it fits in a portfolioThe Fidelity Global Dividend fund aims to deliver long-term income and growth  with a focus on providing some shelter in weaker markets. Daniel Roberts’ unconstrained investment approach allows him to invest anywhere in the world  but he tends to favour large companies from developed markets. He won’t compromise on quality and is mindful of valuation – how much a company’s share price should be compared with its prospects. The fund could provide international diversification to an income-focused investment portfolio and work well alongside ‘growth’ orientated funds.ManagerDaniel Roberts is a seasoned investor with almost 20 years of experience under his belt. Prior to joining Fidelity in 2011  he worked at Gartmore and Aviva Investors running UK and European income funds. He has managed this fund since launch in January 2012  looking for the same type of companies as his previous funds but with a much richer hunting ground - the whole world.Roberts stepped down from managing the Fidelity Global Enhanced Income fund on 30 April 2022  which means he can dedicate his time to the Global Dividend fund. Fred Sykes and Jochen Breuer  who were appointed co-managers of Global Enhanced Income in April 2021  will continue to run the fund using the existing investment process.Roberts is the sole manager of this fund and carries out a lot of his own analysis  but he can make use of the large pool of Fidelity analysts available to him  totalling over 170 globally. He also benefits from the idea sharing and challenge provided by Fidelity’s Equity Income team.ProcessRoberts entered the investment industry around the time of the Dot-com crash  so he’s seen first-hand the risk of companies’ share prices rising too far without enough earnings growth support  making them ‘overvalued’. It means he pays close attention to valuations and makes sure he doesn’t buy shares at a price he believes is above the company’s future growth potential.Roberts’ approach focuses on individual company analysis  paying close attention to their financial accounts to ensure the company dividends are sustainable. He also assesses how a company has fared during different market conditions  looking to identify predictable revenue streams and resilience. The manager favours companies with simple business models  sensible management teams and healthy balance sheets whilst avoiding companies with too much debt.The process whittles down a universe of 3 000 companies to a portfolio of between 40-60 holdings. These tend to be larger companies  at a size of $5bn and above. While the manager can invest in higher-risk smaller companies  he tends not to make use of this flexibility. European companies make up around 55% of the fund  which includes exposure to areas like the UK  Switzerland  and Germany. Just under a third is invested in the US  but this is much less than the benchmark. Roberts also invests in higher-risk emerging markets. There’s a broad range of themes in the fund with a focus on more defensive sectors like consumer staples and pharmaceuticals.Roberts focuses on the long-term sustainability and growth of dividends  rather than high dividends now that may not grow further or be cut. This means there is no minimum yield requirement for any single investment and the manager invests in some companies with a yield lower than the market if there’s an expectation it will grow over time. The manager targets a yield of at least 25% more than the benchmark’s yield.Recent investments include German multinational pharmaceutical and biotech company  Bayer. Roberts believes its currently trading at an attractive valuation. The company also has an innovative new product pipeline which should allow it to gain market share. Omnicom  the advertising agency company was also another recent addition. The company has grown consistently with only two years of negative growth in 25 years. They also pay a well-covered dividend. In contrast  Akzo Nobel  the European paint producer was sold after a deterioration of fundamentals. The company is witnessing lower sales volumes and rising input costs from high inflation. US Bancorp  the funds only bank in the portfolio was also sold. Its acquisition of Union Bank brought integration risk and a recent fine by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was a mark down on the company’s governance. It was sold to pursue more attractive opportunities.Please note charges can be taken from capital  which can increase the yield but reduces the potential for capital growth. Roberts has the flexibility to use derivatives in this fund  which adds risk if used.CultureFidelity was founded in 1969 and is a global investment manager. The company remains privately owned  meaning its managers can focus on the long-term interests of investors rather than short-term shareholder demands. That’s helped the firm develop an investment-focused culture  where investment ideas are openly discussed and debated  and information is shared amongst the firm’s various teams.The company's scale means investment teams are well-resourced and fund managers are well-incentivised. We think it's positive that all Fidelity fund managers are incentivised based on the longer-term performance of their funds. We think this aligns their interests with those of investors.ESG integrationFidelity has worked hard to encourage its fund managers to integrate Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) analysis into their investment processes in recent years. Managers have access to the firm’s proprietary ESG ratings tool and a bank of analysts with ESG expertise. That said  we think ESG integration is a work in progress at Fidelity and some managers don’t implement ESG as systematically as others. Roberts has always placed high emphasis on governance  but he began integrating environmental and social considerations more recently.Fidelity has also bolstered its dedicated ESG team  which writes regular ESG reports on companies held by Fidelity fund managers. The firm votes where it is possible to do so and quarterly voting reports are posted online  complete with rationales for votes against management and abstentions.While Fidelity has made strides forward at the firm level  we don’t think this has fully fed through to the fund level. While there is plenty of ESG information available to all Fidelity fund managers  we’re not yet convinced they all put it to full use.CostThe fund is available for an annual ongoing charge of 0.93%. The HL platform fee of up to 0.45% per year also applies.PerformanceThe fund has performed better than the average fund in the IA Global Equity Income sector since launch in 2012  growing 206.51%* compared with 157.69% for the sector. Our analysis suggests this is down to Roberts’ stock picking ability and being exposed to the right regions. Remember past performance is not a guide to future returns.In recent years  global equity income funds haven’t tended to perform as well as the broader global market. The US market  the technology sector  as well as other high-growth areas have performed well. These areas don’t pay much in the way of dividends though  so many global income funds don’t have as much invested and have missed out on some of the gains made.Over the past year the fund returned 4.75% compared with 2.28% for the sector average. The fund’s focus on more defensive areas of the market has benefited performance. Roberts’ conservative approach and focus on high-quality companies means the fund performs differently to its peers at times. Historically  it’s performed better than peers in falling markets  but has tended to marginally lag them in a rising market and not owning companies that are highly sensitive to economic conditions has hindered short-term performance.So far this year  ‘value’ companies have performed better – these are businesses that have often been shunned by investors and whose shares may look ‘cheap’ compared with the companies’ prospects. The fund’s investments in the financials sector have benefited from this trend  including German stock exchange group Deutsche Börse and insurers Munich Reinsurance. On the other hand  European healthcare companies Roche Holding  and Novo-Nordisk haven’t performed as well.Over the longer term we believe this fund benefits from a well-resourced manager with the potential to deliver good returns for investors  but this isn’t guaranteed. The manager has a good record of growing the fund’s income over time  and it currently yields 2.67% but remember income is variable and can change over time. Yields are not a reliable indicator of future income.Annual percentage growth Mar 18 -Mar 19 Mar 19 -Mar 20 Mar 20 -Mar 21 Mar 21 -Mar 22 Mar 22 -Mar 23 Fidelity Global Dividend 15.27% 1.51% 21.41% 8.07% 4.75% IA Global Equity Income 8.39% -9.58% 32.40% 11.90% 2.28%Past performance is not a guide to the future. Source: *Lipper IM to 31/03/2023.Find out more about Fidelity Global Dividend including chargesFidelity Global Dividend Key Investor InformationImportant information - Please remember the value of investments  and any income from them  can fall as well as rise so you could get back less than you invest. This article is provided to help you make your own investment decisions  it is not advice. If you are unsure of the suitability of an investment for your circumstances please seek advice. No news or research item is a personal recommendation to deal.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.13,0.48,True,English,"['Fidelity Global Dividend', 'April 2023 fund update', 'The Fidelity Global Dividend fund', 'innovative new product pipeline', 'Fidelity Global Enhanced Income fund', 'enough earnings growth support', 'global equity income fund', 'Equity Income team', 'Global income funds', 'richer hunting ground', 'predictable revenue streams', 'simple business models', 'sensible management teams', 'healthy balance sheets', 'German multinational pharmaceutical', 'lower sales volumes', 'rising input costs', 'experienced income investor', 'European paint producer', 'future growth potential', 'global growth funds', 'higher-risk emerging markets', 'European income funds', 'unconstrained investment approach', 'different market conditions', 'long-term performance potential', 'growth’ orientated funds', 'higher-risk smaller companies', 'existing investment process', 'advertising agency company', 'minimum yield requirement', 'income-focused investment portfolio', 'companies’ share prices', 'individual company analysis', 'long-term income', 'investment industry', 'single investment', 'seasoned investor', 'negative growth', 'European companies', 'weaker markets', 'developed markets', 'market share', 'Fidelity analysts', 'previous funds', 'long-term sustainability', 'effective process', 'Wealth Shortlist', 'international diversification', 'Aviva Investors', 'same type', 'Fred Sykes', 'Jochen Breuer', 'large pool', 'idea sharing', 'Dot-com crash', 'close attention', 'Roberts’ approach', 'financial accounts', '40-60 holdings', 'broad range', 'defensive sectors', 'consumer staples', 'attractive valuation', 'recent addition', 'Akzo Nobel', 'high inflation', 'recent fine', 'large companies', 'larger companies', 'high dividends', 'biotech company', 'current views', 'Daniel Roberts', 'recent years', 'Process Roberts', 'Recent investments', 'two years', 'US Bancorp', 'Union Bank', 'integration risk', 'company dividends', 'sole manager', '3,000 companies', '20 years', '25 years', 'research', 'author', 'time', 'publishing', 'danger', 'advice', 'clear', 'US-dominated', 'shelter', 'world', 'quality', 'prospects', 'belt', 'Gartmore', 'UK', 'launch', 'January', '30 April', 'managers', 'lot', 'challenge', 'shares', 'resilience', 'debt', 'universe', 'size', 'flexibility', 'exposure', 'areas', 'Switzerland', 'Germany', 'benchmark', 'themes', 'pharmaceuticals', 'expectation', 'Bayer', 'trading', 'Omnicom', 'contrast', 'deterioration', 'fundamentals', 'acquisition']",2023-04-26,2023-04-26,hl.co.uk
23648,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ts-imagine-bolster-crypto-trading-114454781.html,TS Imagine to Bolster Crypto Trading Offering Through Deutsche Boerse Unit,TS Imagine will make use of Crypto Finance's trading infrastructure to enhance its digital asset capabilities.,"Join the most important conversation in crypto and web3! Secure your seat todayTS Imagine  which provides trading services to institutional clients  is working with Crypto Finance  a unit of Deutsche Boerse  to bolster its cryptocurrency offering.TS Imagine provides trading  portfolio and risk management services to institutional investors such as private banks. It will now make use of Crypto Finance's crypto trading infrastructure to enhance its digital asset capabilities  according to an emailed announcement on Wednesday.The aim of Crypto Finance  two-thirds owned by German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse  is to provide financial institutions with the crypto investment services of the sophistication and regulatory oversight that they would be used to in traditional finance. It also recently joined forces with Apex Group to offer institutional-grade crypto products.""As more sophisticated investors and their teams continue to seek exposure to cryptocurrencies  we are proud to offer a deep  liquid connection network to this exciting and emerging asset class "" TS Imagine's head of digital assets  Alexandre Carteau  said in the statement. ""Adding Crypto Finance as a regulated crypto destination for our clients demonstrates our commitment to meeting the evolving needs of our institutional clients.""Read More: Swiss Government-Owned Bank PostFinance to Offer Customers Crypto",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Crypto Trading Offering', 'Deutsche Boerse Unit', 'deep, liquid connection network', 'Swiss Government-Owned Bank PostFinance', 'German stock exchange', 'emerging asset class', 'risk management services', 'digital asset capabilities', 'institutional-grade crypto products', 'regulated crypto destination', 'crypto investment services', 'crypto trading infrastructure', 'trading services', 'digital assets', 'Crypto Finance', 'important conversation', 'TS Imagine', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'cryptocurrency offering', 'institutional investors', 'private banks', 'financial institutions', 'regulatory oversight', 'traditional finance', 'Apex Group', 'sophisticated investors', 'Alexandre Carteau', 'evolving needs', 'institutional clients', 'web3', 'seat', 'unit', 'portfolio', 'use', 'announcement', 'Wednesday', 'aim', 'two-thirds', 'sophistication', 'forces', 'teams', 'exposure', 'cryptocurrencies', 'exciting', 'head', 'statement', 'commitment', 'Customers']",2023-04-26,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/results-annual-extraordinary-shareholders-meeting-160000211.html,Results of the Annual and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting,Ghent  Belgium  April 25  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated information Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an...,Biotalys NVGhent  Belgium  April 25  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated informationBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  held its annual and an extraordinary shareholders' meeting today at 10:00 a.m. CEST at the Company’s seat. The legally required presence quorum was reached for the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the meetings. All documents relating to the shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the website of the Company. The minutes will be made available in due course.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com .,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Results', 'Annual', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'food protection', 'presence quorum', 'due course', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'AgTech) company', 'More information', 'Biotalys NV', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'BTLS', 'annual', '10:00 a', 'seat', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'minutes', 'Head', 'Communication', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', '9']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jde-peet-combine-home-cpg-060000921.html,JDE Peet’s to combine Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  25 April 2023 JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its...,JDE Peet's N.V.PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  25 April 2023JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to combine its Out-Of-Home and CPG Europe segments  into one European segment under the leadership of Juan Amat  currently President  CPG Europe.This proposed organisational change will enable the European markets to apply a true omnichannel approach  a model the company successfully applies in all of its other markets. Additionally  it will allow the company to leverage its brands more effectively and reduce complexity.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “Over the last couple of years  we have successfully implemented various initiatives that have strengthened the foundations and improved the performance of our Out-of-Home business. However  we operate in a dynamic environment  and how our customers and consumers engage with us  buy our products  and use our services continues to structurally evolve. Combining our Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments will allow us to better leverage our brand power and unlock value.”If these proposed changes are effectuated  JDE Peet’s will align its segment reporting with the new organisational model. The reporting of the other segments and the total company is not subject to change.The proposed changes described above are subject to information and/or consultation as applicable regulations require.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 20 558 1753Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 20 55 81212IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.6,0.35,0.05,True,English,"['CPG Europe segments', 'JDE Peet', 'Home', 'true omnichannel approach', 'CPG Europe segments', 'one European segment', 'new organisational model', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'other segments', 'European markets', 'N.V.', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Juan Amat', 'organisational change', 'Fabien Simon', 'last couple', 'various initiatives', 'dynamic environment', 'brand power', 'segment reporting', 'applicable regulations', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'other markets', 'total company', 'proposed changes', 'Enquiries Media', 'Home business', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '25 April', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'intention', 'leadership', 'President', 'brands', 'complexity', 'CEO', 'years', 'foundations', 'performance', 'customers', 'consumers', 'products', 'services', 'value', 'information', 'consultation', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,200 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', 'portfolio', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-international-n-v-reports-160000503.html,ASM International N.V. reports first quarter 2023,Almere  The Netherlands April 25  2023  6 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today reports its first quarter 2023 operating results...,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsApril 25  2023  6 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today reports its first quarter 2023 operating results (unaudited).Strong Q1 revenue with lower orders reflecting softening market conditionsFinancial highlights€ million Q1 2022 Q4 2022 Q1 2023 New orders 705.7 828.6 647.4 YoY change % at constant currencies 65% 26% (6) % Revenue 516.9 724.8 710.0 YoY change % at constant currencies 25% 42% 40% Normalized gross profit margin 1) 47.8% 46.9% 51.1% Normalized operating result 1) 143.0 189.8 221.2 Normalized operating result margin 1) 27.7% 26.2% 31.2% Share in income of investments in associates (excluding amortization intangible assets resulting from the sale of ASMPT stake 2013) 23.7 8.3 9.4 Amortization intangible assets (resulting from the sale of ASMPT stake in 2013) (3.2) (3.5) (3.4) Reversal of impairment of investments in associates — 106.1 215.4 Net earnings 142.5 236.6 380.4 Normalized net earnings 2) 145.7 142.4 183.01 Excluding amortization of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocations (before tax)2 Excluding amortization of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocations (net of tax)  change in fair value of the contingent consideration (LPE earn-out) and impairment reversal of ASMPTNew orders of €647 million for the first quarter 2023 decreased by 6% at constant currencies compared to the same period last year (decreased 11% as reported).Year-on-year revenue growth for the first quarter 2023 was 40% at constant currencies (37% as reported).Normalized gross profit margin of 51.1%  excluding PPA expenses in the first quarter 2023  improved compared to 47.8% in the same quarter last year  mainly explained by mix.Normalized operating result for the first quarter 2023  excluding PPA expenses  improved from €143 million last year to €221 million this year due to strong revenue growth.Net earnings included a non-cash reversal of €215 million  with the previous impairment of the ASMPT stake fully reversed at the end of Q1  reflecting the recovery in the market valuation of ASMPT.Net earnings included a negative impact of €15 million (net of tax) relating to PPA expenses. Normalized net earnings for the first quarter 2023 were €183 million  up from €146 million in Q1 last year  and included a translation loss of €7 million compared to a translation gain of €9 million in Q1 2022 and a translation loss of €36 million in Q4 2022.Details of (estimated) amortization and earn-out expenses (PPA expenses) relating to the 2022 acquisitions of LPE and Reno are found in Annex 2.Story continuesComment“ASM delivered good first quarter results. Revenue increased 40% at constant currencies to €710 million ” said Benjamin Loh  President and CEO of ASM. “Revenue exceeded previous guidance of €660-700 million due to some systems that were delivered in Q1 instead of Q2 at the request of customers  and supported by the strong order backlog at the end of Q4. Gross margin increased to 51% due to an exceptionally strong mix. With operating expenses under control  operating profit increased by 17% compared to previous quarter to a record high of €221 million. Supported by improved profitability  free cash flow increased to €155 million. At €647 million  orders in Q1 were still at healthy level  but down 6% at constant currencies year on year and reflected softening market conditions towards the end of the quarter.Demand in the memory market further weakened in Q1 and is expected to remain at low levels in the remainder of the year. Logic/foundry demand for the advanced nodes is relatively more resilient  but recently we have also seen a number of push-outs in this segment reflecting softer end-market conditions and some delays in new customer fab readiness. These push-outs will impact our expected orders in Q2 and Q3. Following expected growth in the first half of the year  we expect a decrease in the second half sales of 10% or more compared to the first half  which is a lower level of revenue in the second half than we previously projected.For the full year 2023  we expect revenue to show a single digit increase  at constant currencies and including the consolidation of LPE. This compares to overall wafer equipment spending which is now forecasted to decline by approximately a high teens percentage this year.ASM remains well positioned for the next nodes. In logic/foundry we expect the transition to the next generation gate-all-around (GAA) technology to drive meaningful share of wallet gains  and to support our order intake as per the end of 2023.OutlookOn a currency-comparable level  we expect revenue of a €650-690 million for Q2. Based on the current visibility  and reflecting aforementioned order push-outs  we project  following expected growth in the first half  a decrease in sales in the second half of 10% or more compared to the first half of the year.Wafer fab equipment (WFE) is expected to drop by a high teens percentage in 2023  down from a previous forecast of a mid to high teens percentage drop. We expect to again outperform the WFE market this year.Memory WFE is expected to decline by a significant double-digit percentage.In the logic/foundry market  spending on the advanced nodes is still expected to be at a good level in 2023  but lower than previously expected  particularly in the second half of the year. This is partly offset by stronger market spending in the older node segments of the logic/foundry market.Annual General MeetingOn March 31  2023  ASM published the agenda  convocation and other materials for the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM)  to be held on May 15  2023  which  as also earlier announced  includes amongst others:A new remuneration policy for the Management Board;declare a regular dividend of €2.50 per common share over 2022;re-appoint KPMG Accountants N.V. for the financial year 2023 and 2024; andapprove the annual accounts of 2022.Please refer to the AGM documents available on our website for more detailed information.Share buyback programIn February 2022  ASM announced a new share buyback program of up to €100 million to be executed within the 2022/2023 time frame. ASM announces today that this program will commence on April 27  2023  and will end as soon as the aggregate purchase price of the common shares acquired by ASM has reached €100 million  but ultimately on November 15  2023. ASM has the intention to reduce its capital by withdrawing the shares repurchased as part of this share buyback program  save for such number of treasury shares as maybe necessary to fund ongoing share and option programs for employees and board members. The repurchase program is part of ASM's commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders through share buybacks.Progress of the share buyback program will be updated on a weekly basis  starting on May 1  2023. This information will be published on our website.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  April 26  2023  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast  and replay will be accessible at this link.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.14,0.21,True,English,"['ASM International N.V.', 'first quarter', 'mid to high teens percentage drop', 'overall wafer equipment spending', 'new customer fab readiness', 'ASM International NV Almere', 'ASM International N.V.', 'good first quarter results', 'first quarter 2023 operating results', 'Wafer fab equipment', 'purchase price allocations', 'softer end-market conditions', 'single digit increase', 'softening market conditions', 'free cash flow', 'fair value adjustments', 'strong order backlog', 'gross profit margin', 'operating result margin', 'second half sales', 'strong revenue growth', 'Amortization intangible assets', 'Strong Q1 revenue', 'record high', 'Gross margin', 'year revenue growth', 'operating profit', 'first half', 'market valuation', 'memory market', 'New orders', 'order intake', 'operating expenses', 'same quarter', 'previous quarter', 'strong mix', 'cash reversal', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Financial highlights', 'constant currencies', 'Net earnings', 'contingent consideration', 'same period', 'negative impact', 'translation loss', 'translation gain', 'Benjamin Loh', 'previous guidance', 'healthy level', 'low levels', 'Logic/foundry demand', 'advanced nodes', 'lower level', 'next nodes', 'next generation', 'wallet gains', 'currency-comparable level', 'current visibility', 'previous forecast', 'PPA expenses', 'lower orders', 'expected orders', 'previous impairment', 'order push-outs', 'ASMPT stake', 'full year', 'meaningful share', 'impairment reversal', 'April', 'CET', '4 YoY', 'income', 'investments', 'associates', 'tax', 'change', 'recovery', 'Q4', 'Details', '2022 acquisitions', 'LPE', 'Reno', 'Annex', 'Story', 'Comment', 'President', 'CEO', 'systems', 'Q2', 'request', 'customers', 'control', 'profitability', 'remainder', 'number', 'segment', 'delays', 'decrease', 'consolidation', 'transition', 'GAA', 'technology', 'Outlook', 'WFE', '6']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jcdecaux-information-concerning-availability-explanatory-154000487.html,JCDecaux: Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023,Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023 Paris  April 25  2023...,JCDecauxInformation concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023Paris  April 25  2023 – The shareholders of the Company are advised that the Combined General Meeting will be held on Tuesday  May 16  2023 at 2:30 p.m. at 17 rue Soyer 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine.The Shareholders' Meeting will be webcast live with audio and will be available on JCDecaux’s website at www.jcdecaux.com/ag2023.The notice to shareholders (avis de réunion) which included the agenda  the draft resolutions as well as the practical details regarding attendance and voting rights at the General Meeting were published on April 7  2023 in the BALO (French official legal announcement publication) n° 42.The documents and information referred to in articles R.22-10-23  L.225-115 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code are available on the Company’s website at www.jcdecaux.com/ag2023.For further information  please contact:Rémi GRISARDHead of Investor RelationsTéléphone : +33 (0)1 30 79 79 93Email : remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comKey Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)Story continues(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'explanatory documentation', 'JCDecaux', 'Information', 'availability', 'May', 'French official legal announcement publication', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'avis de réunion', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'French Commercial Code', 'Téléphone', 'Platinum Medal status', 'Rémi GRISARD', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Home Media company', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'explanatory documentation', '17 rue Soyer', 'draft resolutions', 'practical details', 'voting rights', 'Investor Relations', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', '1,040,132 advertising panels', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', '604,536 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '101,976 advertising panels', 'outdoor advertising', '654,957 advertising panels', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', '371 advertising panels', 'Euronext Paris', 'Euronext 100', 'JCDecaux', 'Information', 'availability', 'May', 'April', 'Tuesday', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'audio', 'website', 'notice', 'agenda', 'attendance', 'BALO', 'documents', 'articles', 'Head', 'Email', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,573 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,200 employees', 'Eurolist', 'part', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '205 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'Story', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment', '2:30']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unibail-rodamco-westfield-acquires-outstanding-160000132.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield acquires outstanding share of Croydon Partnership from Hammerson,Paris  Amsterdam  April 25  2023 Press release Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield acquires outstanding share of Croydon Partnership from Hammerson Unibail-Rodamco...,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEParis  Amsterdam  April 25  2023Press releaseUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield acquires outstanding share of Croydon Partnership from HammersonUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (“URW”) has completed the acquisition of Hammerson’s 50% stake in the Croydon Partnership  a 10 hectare parcel which includes the Whitgift and Centrale shopping centres as well as high street retail frontage  office blocks and multi-storey car parks in the heart of the designated GLA Opportunity Area in South London.Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield said: “Urban regeneration projects are at the heart of URW’s purpose to create sustainable places that reinvent being together  and we are very excited about what can be achieved in Croydon. With our full ownership of the property  it allows URW to work in partnership with the Mayor of Croydon  the Greater London Authority and other vital local stakeholders on a vision and options that support the wider transformation of the area.”Jason Perry  Mayor of Croydon said: “The regeneration of Croydon town centre remains a top priority and I have been working closely with businesses and partners to bring forward the redevelopment of the Whitgift Centre and wider regeneration of the town centre. We welcome the agreement that has been reached by URW as an important step in progressing this. We look forward to working with them as they develop a new masterplan in 2023  which will inform a new  revised application for the town centre that will meet the future needs of our community.I have reconvened the Mayor’s Town Centre Advisory Board  which is working with key partners to drive forward the regeneration  and we look forward to seeing plans progress.”The Croydon project is fully aligned with the Group’s strategy of unlocking mixed-use development opportunities embedded in its portfolio. It also builds on the success of its transformational UK regeneration projects in both White City and Stratford.Story continues# # #For further information please contact:Investor RelationsAlex EstruchVP  Chief of Staff to the CEO+1 (424) 303-1948Alex.Estruch@urw.comMedia RelationsGlobal:Cornelia Schnepf – FinElk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euUK:Ciara Solmi – URW+44 779 511 6524Ciara.Solmi@urw.comFrance:Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 43 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comAttachment,neutral,0.35,0.65,0.0,positive,0.78,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['outstanding share', 'Croydon Partnership', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'Hammerson', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'other vital local stakeholders', 'high street retail frontage', 'Town Centre Advisory Board', 'transformational UK regeneration projects', 'multi-storey car parks', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', 'positive environmental, social', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'Urban regeneration projects', 'Greater London Authority', 'new, revised application', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', '€3 Bn development pipeline', 'GLA Opportunity Area', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'mixed-use development opportunities', 'Centrale shopping centres', 'Croydon town centre', 'The Croydon project', 'Alex Estruch VP', 'sustainable places', 'mixed-use assets', 'high-quality offices', 'South London', 'new masterplan', '78 shopping centres', 'wider regeneration', 'Whitgift Centre', 'Press release', 'outstanding share', '10 hectare parcel', 'office blocks', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'full ownership', 'wider transformation', 'Jason Perry', 'top priority', 'important step', 'future needs', 'White City', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Ciara Solmi', 'Ciara.Solmi', 'Sonia Fellmann', 'Sonia.Fellmann', 'United States', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', 'committed partner', 'economic impact', 'stapled shares', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Standard & Poor', 'Baa2 rating', 'The Group', '€52 Bn portfolio', 'dynamic cities', 'major cities', 'Croydon Partnership', 'key partners', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'April', 'Hammerson', 'URW', 'acquisition', '50% stake', 'heart', 'purpose', 'property', 'Mayor', 'vision', 'options', 'businesses', 'redevelopment', 'agreement', 'community', 'plans', 'progress', 'strategy', 'success', 'Stratford', 'Story', 'information', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'FinElk', 'France', 'PLEAD', 'developer', 'operator', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'communities', 'Ticker', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23654,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sika-successfully-places-eur-2-174500832.html,SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES EUR 2 250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS,SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES EUR 2 250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS Sika Capital B.V. in the Netherlands  with a guarantee from Sika AG  today successfully...,"Sika AGSIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES EUR 2 250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDSSika Capital B.V. in the Netherlands  with a guarantee from Sika AG  today successfully completed a triple-tranche bond offering with a total amount of EUR 2 250 million. The payment date of the bonds is May 3  2023. The bonds were placed under the global coordination of Citigroup and UBS Investment Bank  with Citigroup  UBS Investment Bank and HSBC acting as Active Bookrunners and Credit Suisse as Passive Bookrunner. The bonds are planned to be listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (""Euronext Dublin"").EUR 500 million bond May 2023 – November 2024 (1.5 years) with a floating coupon of 3mE+20bps payable quarterly.EUR 1 000 million bond May 2023 – November 2026 (3.5 years) with a fixed coupon of 3.750% per annum. The bond was issued at 99.93% which reflects a yield of 3.777%.EUR 750 million bond May 2023 – May 2030 (7 years) with a fixed coupon of 3.750% per annum. The bond was issued at 99.451% which reflects a yield of 3.841%.The net proceeds of the transaction will be used for the financing of the acquisition of the MBCC Group and for general corporate purposes to support the growth strategy of Sika.CONTACTDominik SlappnigCorporate Communications &Investor Relations+41 58 436 68 21slappnig.dominik@ch.sika.comSIKA CORPORATE PROFILESika is a specialty chemicals company with a leading position in the development and production of systems and products for bonding  sealing  damping  reinforcing  and protecting in the building sector and motor vehicle industry. Sika has subsidiaries in 101 countries around the world and manufactures in over 300 factories. Its more than 27 500 employees generated annual sales of CHF 10.49 billion in 2022.The media release can be downloaded from the following link:Media Release",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES', '250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS', 'Sika Capital B.V.', 'UBS Investment Bank', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'specialty chemicals company', 'motor vehicle industry', 'general corporate purposes', 'triple-tranche bond offering', 'EUR 500 million bond', 'EUR 1,000 million bond', 'EUR 750 million bond', 'SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES', 'SIKA CORPORATE PROFILE', '250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS', 'Corporate Communications', 'Sika AG', 'total amount', 'payment date', 'global coordination', 'Active Bookrunners', 'Credit Suisse', 'Passive Bookrunner', 'Euronext Dublin', 'floating coupon', 'fixed coupon', 'net proceeds', 'MBCC Group', 'growth strategy', 'Dominik Slappnig', 'Investor Relations', 'leading position', 'building sector', 'annual sales', 'media release', 'following link', 'Netherlands', 'guarantee', 'May', 'Citigroup', 'HSBC', 'November', '1.5 years', '3mE+20bps', '3.5 years', 'annum', 'yield', 'transaction', 'financing', 'acquisition', 'CONTACT', 'development', 'production', 'systems', 'products', 'bonding', 'sealing', 'damping', 'subsidiaries', '101 countries', 'world', '300 factories', '27,500 employees', '99.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cabka-starts-strong-growth-first-053000810.html,Cabka starts year with strong growth in first quarter,Sales in the first quarter amounted to € 55.4 million up 11% Frank Roerink nominated to Management BoardAnnual Report 2022 published Amsterdam 25 April 2023....,Sales in the first quarter amounted to € 55.4 million up 11%Frank Roerink nominated to Management BoardAnnual Report 2022 publishedAmsterdam 25 April 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its first quarter 2023 trading update.Commercial PerformanceSales performance in the first quarter of 2023 was solid across all business segments  especially driven by strong continued recovery in the US  where the resumption of operations after the flooding of 26 July 2022 is proceeding according to plan.Overall  total sales were up 11% Y-o-Y  in line with the previously communicated growth objective of high single digits  resulting in a total sales volume in the first quarter of € 55.4 million (2022Q1: € 49.9 million).Frank Roerink nominated as CFO for Management BoardThe Supervisory Board of Cabka N.V. will nominate Mr. Frank Roerink (1969) as member of the Management Board and CFO of Cabka N.V. at the 8 June 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM). Frank Roerink was appointed interim-CFO of Cabka on 1 February 2023. For more information on Frank Roerink please refer to the press release of 26 January 2023.The full agenda of the AGM will be published on 27 April 2023.Annual Report 2022 publishedCabka publishes its financial report for the accounts of Cabka N.V. 2022  today. The report including Cabka’s first ESG report can be found and downloaded as PDF on the investor section of the Cabka website under Reports & Presentations .OutlookWe reiterate our guidance for full year 2023 of high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%  barring unforeseen circumstances  as stated in our preliminary results on 15 March 2023.Financial Calendar 20238 June Annual General Meeting13 June Capital Markets Day17 August Ex-Dividend* Date18 August Dividend* Record Date22 August Publication Half Year Results 202325 August Dividend* Payment Date19 October Trading Update Q3 202320 March 2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023Story continues* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  +316 109 42514www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachment,positive,0.75,0.24,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['strong growth', 'first quarter', 'Cabka', 'year', 'August Publication Half Year Results', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', '13 June Capital Markets Day', 'international securities identification number', '8 June 2023 Annual General Meeting', '8 June Annual General Meeting', 'August Dividend* Record Date', '25 August Dividend* Payment Date', 'high-single digit sales growth', 'first quarter 2023 trading update', 'Management Board Annual Report', 'August Ex-Dividend* Date', '19 October Trading Update', 'high single digits', 'large container solutions', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'road safety products', 'full value chain', 'Publication Preliminary Results', 'strong continued recovery', 'first ESG report', 'rare industry knowledge', 'total sales volume', 'Cabka N.V.', 'Mr. Frank Roerink', 'full year', 'actual results', 'Supervisory Board', 'ECO products', 'Sales performance', 'financial report', 'growth objective', 'full agenda', 'Commercial Performance', 'press release', 'EBITDA margin', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'Financial Calendar', 'David Brilleslijper', 'Press contact', 'D.Brilleslijper', 'Commercial contact', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'current view', 'financial position', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'EU) No', 'market abuse', 'looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', 'Cabka website', 'CABKA ticker', 'investor section', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'other risks', 'business segments', 'inside information', 'post-consumer waste', 'The Company', 'April', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'resumption', 'operations', 'flooding', '26 July', 'plan', 'line', 'CFO', 'member', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'interim', '1 February', '26 January', 'accounts', 'PDF', 'Reports', 'Presentations', 'Outlook', 'guidance', '15 March', '20 March', 'Story', 'Reference', 'distribution', 'investors', 'construction', 'recycling', 'manufacturing', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'document', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-070300629.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – 24 April 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – 24 April 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 17 April to 21 April 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-04-17 SELL 50 9.550000 477.50 XAMS 2023-04-19 BUY 3 9.500000 28.50 XAMS 2023-04-19 SELL 10 9.550000 95.50 XAMS 2023-04-20 BUY 97 9.500000 921.50 XAMS 2023-04-21 SELL 396 9.647096 3 820.25 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.75,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'FL Entertainment Press Release', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '24 April', 'shares', '17 April', '21 April', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'BUY', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-bruno-zerbib-appointed-091700819.html,Press Release: Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange group,Press release Paris  25 April 2023 Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange group Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief...,"OrangePress releaseParis  25 April 2023Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange groupBruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of Orange and member of the Group's Executive Committee from 1 June 2023. He will replace Michaël Trabbia who was appointed Executive Director and CEO of Orange Wholesale as of April 3. Bruno Zerbib was previously Chief Technology and Digital Officer of Schneider Electric.Christel Heydemann  Chief Executive Officer of Orange  commented: “I am delighted to welcome Bruno Zerbib to the Group’s executive management team as director of innovation. As new technologies such as artificial intelligence and network function virtualization become increasingly prevalent  we must strive to remain at the forefront of these new developments to stay ahead in our various markets and before our customers. I would also like to sincerely thank Michaël Trabbia for his tenure as head of innovation.”Bruno Zerbib is a graduate of TélécomSud Paris and the University of Paris Cité where he specialized in IT. He began his career in 1998 in Silicon Valley where he held several positions at Hewlett Packard and then at Cisco. He moved to Yahoo in 2012 where he led the company's transformation into a cloud-native platform capable of handling over one billion monthly users.In 2017  Bruno Zerbib joined Altice as Director of Technology and IT. He worked as part of Altice’s Global Engineering Innovation division on key topics such as augmented TV experience  technology partnerships and network transformation for all of Altice subsidiaries. In 2018  he joined Schneider Electric as Director of Technology and Digital to provide more efficient  sustainable technological solutions to Schneider Electric customers  in particular by integrating the use of the cloud  artificial intelligence and industrial IoT.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Story continuesOrange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com ; +33 6 86 17 88 89Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.22,0.06,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Bruno Zerbib', 'Chief Technology', 'Innovation Officer', 'Orange group', 'efficient, sustainable technological solutions', 'one billion monthly users', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'TélécomSud Paris', 'Global Engineering Innovation division', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Michaël Trabbia', 'augmented TV experience', 'total customer base', 'executive management team', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'network function virtualization', 'new business model', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '242 million mobile customers', 'Schneider Electric customers', 'Chief Executive Officer', '287 million customers', '43.5 billion euros', 'telecommunication services', 'new technologies', 'new developments', 'Executive Committee', 'leading provider', 'network excellence', 'global IT', 'Innovation Officer', 'Paris Cité', 'Euronext Paris', 'Orange Business', 'Press release', 'Christel Heydemann', 'artificial intelligence', 'various markets', 'Silicon Valley', 'several positions', 'cloud-native platform', 'key topics', 'industrial IoT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'service quality', 'symbol ORAN', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Chief Technology', 'Bruno Zerbib', 'Sylvain Bruno', 'network transformation', 'Executive Director', 'Digital Officer', 'technology partnerships', 'Orange Wholesale', 'The Group', 'Tom Wright', 'Altice subsidiaries', 'Orange group', '25 April', 'member', '1 June', 'CEO', 'forefront', 'tenure', 'head', 'graduate', 'University', 'career', 'Packard', 'Cisco', 'Yahoo', 'company', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'Story', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mdxhealth-announces-ordinary-extraordinary-general-200000425.html,MDxHealth Announces its Ordinary and Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meetings,NEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONAPRIL 25  2023  4:00 pm ET/ 22:00 CET IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – April 25  2023 – MDxHealth SA (Nasdaq and...,"mdxhealthNEWS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATIONAPRIL 25  2023  4:00 pm ET/ 22:00 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – April 25  2023 – MDxHealth SA (Nasdaq and Euronext Brussels: MDXH) (the ""Company"" or ""mdxhealth"")  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today invites the holders of securities issued by the Company to its ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders' meetings that will be held on Thursday  May 25  2023 at 3:00 p.m.  Belgian time.The items on the agenda of the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders' meetings include the proposed approval of a number of resolutions relating to the financial year ended on 31 December 2022  as well as the renewal of board mandates  the issuance of a new share option plan called the ""2023 Share Option Plan"" and the renewal of the authorization to the board of directors to increase the share capital within the framework of the authorized capital.In order to participate to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings of the Company  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with article 7:134  §2  first indent of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code and the articles of association of the Company  and fulfill the formalities described in the convening notice. The convening notice  forms and other documents relating to the ordinary and extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the Company’s website.The Company recommends holders of its securities to use e-mail for all communication with the Company regarding the general shareholders' meetings. The Company's email address for such communication is: agsm@mdxhealth.com.About mdxhealth®mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.Story continuesFor more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comNOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. The GPS test was formerly known as and is frequently referenced in guidelines  coverage policies  reimbursement decisions  manuscripts and other literature as Oncotype DX Prostate  Oncotype DX GPS  Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score  and Oncotype Dx Prostate Cancer Assay  among others. The Oncotype DX trademark  and all other trademarks and service marks  are the property of their respective owners.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.52,0.38,0.1,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Shareholders’ Meetings', 'MDxHealth', 'Oncotype Dx Prostate Cancer Assay', 'Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score', ""extraordinary general shareholders' meetings"", 'extraordinary general shareholders’ meetings', 'new share option plan', 'The Oncotype DX trademark', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'Oncotype DX GPS', 'U.S. headquarters', 'other molecular technologies', 'other urologic diseases', 'actionable molecular information', 'additional laboratory operations', 'European headquarters', 'other documents', 'other literature', 'share capital', 'The Netherlands', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Belgian time', 'financial year', 'authorized capital', 'first indent', 'Belgian Companies', 'Associations Code', 'convening notice', 'email address', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'GPS test', 'coverage policies', 'reimbursement decisions', 'service marks', 'respective owners', 'The Company', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'other trademarks', 'board mandates', 'patient diagnosis', 'Resolve mdx', 'Monitor mdx', 'MDxHealth SA', 'mdxhealth logo', 'mdxhealth®', 'APRIL', '22:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'Nasdaq', 'securities', 'Thursday', 'May', 'items', 'agenda', 'approval', 'number', 'resolutions', '31 December', 'renewal', 'issuance', 'authorization', 'directors', 'framework', 'order', 'article', 'formalities', 'forms', 'website', 'communication', 'treatment', 'tests', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'cancers', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'Story', 'NOTE', 'registered', 'guidelines', 'manuscripts', 'others', 'property', 'Attachment', '4:00', '3:00', '13']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23659,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2654252/0/en/Results-of-the-Annual-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Results of the Annual and Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting,Ghent  Belgium  April  25  2023  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated information   Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”) ...,Ghent  Belgium  April 25  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated informationBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  held its annual and an extraordinary shareholders' meeting today at 10:00 a.m. CEST at the Company’s seat. The legally required presence quorum was reached for the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the meetings. All documents relating to the shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the website of the Company. The minutes will be made available in due course.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comAbout Biotalys,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Results', 'Annual', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'Agricultural Technology', 'food protection', 'presence quorum', 'due course', 'Communication T', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'regulated information', 'AgTech) company', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Biotalys', 'Euronext', 'BTLS', 'crop', 'annual', '10:00 a', 'seat', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'minutes', 'Head', '9']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653500/0/en/Mithra-Releases-Invitation-to-its-General-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders’ Meeting,Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders’ Meeting   Liege  Belgium  25 April 2023 – 7:30 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a...,"Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders’ MeetingLiege  Belgium  25 April 2023 – 7:30 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women’s Health  today announces the invitation to its general shareholders’ meeting that will be held on Tuesday May 25 2023 at 2:00 PM (CEST).The notice for the General Meeting including a description of the formalities to participate in the meeting is available on the website investors.mithra.com.Admission requirementsAs referred in the meeting’s invitation published in the Belgian press  the right to participate in the general shareholder’s meeting and to vote is subject to the prior registration of the shares under the shareholder’s name on 11 May 2023 at midnight (CEST) (the ""Record Date"")  either by way of registration on the company’s share register  or either by way of registration in book entry form in an account held with a settlement institution or a certified account holder  without taking into account the number of shares held by the shareholder at the day of the general meeting. Only persons who are shareholders on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the general meeting.A certification is delivered to the shareholder by the settlement institution or certified account holder which certifies the number of dematerialized shares registered in its accounts under the name of the shareholder on the Record Date  for which the shareholder has expressed its intention to participate in the general meeting.The shareholder indicates his willingness to participate in the General Meeting by 19 May 2023 at the latest. This must be done by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com   or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège.Right to ask questionsThe directors answer questions that are asked by the shareholders  in writing before the meeting  concerning their report or the agenda  in accordance with legal provisions. These questions may be asked prior to the General Meeting by email to the address corporate.secretary@mithra.com or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège. These questions must be received by the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest.Further information relating to the abovementioned right and the modalities for exercising them are available on the Company's website ( www.mithra.com ).ProxiesAny shareholder who wish to vote for that meeting shall be represented by a proxy holder determined by the Company.Shareholders wishing to be represented must send the completed and signed proxy form to the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra’s headquarter.Shareholders wishing to vote by mail must send the completed and signed proxy form to the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra’s headquarter.Further information on the exercise of this right is available on the Company’s website ( www.mithra.com ). The proxy and voting forms may be obtained on the Company's website ( www.mithra.com ) or upon request at the Company's registered office  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com .Shareholders wishing to be represented must comply with the registration and confirmation procedure described above.Available documentsAll documents concerning the general meeting that are required by law to be made available to shareholders as well as the text of the amended articles of association following the approval of the amendments proposed on the agenda may be consulted on the Company's website (www.mithra.com) as from 25 April 2023. As from the same date  shareholders have the right to consult these documents on business days and during normal office hours  at the Company's registered office and/or  upon display of their securities  obtain copies of these documents free of charge.Requests for copies may also be made  free of charge  by mail (writing) marked for the attention Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com .1 The form must be signed in writing or electronically  with a qualified electronic signature within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on electronic identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive 1999/93/EC  as amended********For more information  please contact:Alexandra Deschner: +32 (0)4 349 28 22 – investorrelations@mithra.comAbout MithraMithra (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biotech company dedicated to transforming Women’s Health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill Estelle®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product Donesta®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  Mithra has an approximate headcount of 230 staff members and is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE®  DONESTA® and MYRING® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Mithra', 'Invitation', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'normal office hours', 'qualified electronic signature', 'book entry form', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'certified account holder', 'Belgian biotech company', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Belgian press', 'registered office', 'electronic identification', 'electronic transactions', 'proxy holder', 'Admission requirements', 'Record Date', 'share register', 'settlement institution', 'rue Saint-Georges', '4000 Liège', 'legal provisions', 'voting forms', 'confirmation procedure', 'same date', 'business days', 'EU) No', 'European Parliament', 'trust services', 'internal market', 'Directive 1999/93/EC', 'Alexandra Deschner', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'General Meeting', 'proxy form', 'Further information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'dematerialized shares', 'prior registration', 'Corporate Secretary', 'Available documents', 'women hea', 'Tuesday May', '11 May', '19 May', 'Invitation', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '25 April', '7:30 CET', 'MITRA', 'Health', '2:00 PM', 'notice', 'description', 'formalities', 'website', 'investors', 'right', 'name', 'midnight', 'CEST', 'way', 'number', 'persons', 'certification', 'accounts', 'intention', 'willingness', 'email', 'attention', 'questions', 'directors', 'writing', 'report', 'agenda', 'accordance', 'address', 'modalities', 'Proxies', 'fax', 'headquarter', 'exercise', 'request', 'law', 'text', 'articles', 'association', 'approval', 'amendments', 'display', 'securities', 'copies', 'charge', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'Council', '23 July', 'investorrelations', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'products', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'potential', 'applications', '32']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653520/0/en/JDE-Peet-s-to-combine-Out-of-Home-and-CPG-Europe-segments.html,JDE Peet’s to combine Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  25 April 2023  JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced...,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  25 April 2023JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to combine its Out-Of-Home and CPG Europe segments  into one European segment under the leadership of Juan Amat  currently President  CPG Europe.This proposed organisational change will enable the European markets to apply a true omnichannel approach  a model the company successfully applies in all of its other markets. Additionally  it will allow the company to leverage its brands more effectively and reduce complexity.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “Over the last couple of years  we have successfully implemented various initiatives that have strengthened the foundations and improved the performance of our Out-of-Home business. However  we operate in a dynamic environment  and how our customers and consumers engage with us  buy our products  and use our services continues to structurally evolve. Combining our Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments will allow us to better leverage our brand power and unlock value.”If these proposed changes are effectuated  JDE Peet’s will align its segment reporting with the new organisational model. The reporting of the other segments and the total company is not subject to change.The proposed changes described above are subject to information and/or consultation as applicable regulations require.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 20 558 1753Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 20 55 81212IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['CPG Europe segments', 'JDE Peet', 'Home', 'true omnichannel approach', 'CPG Europe segments', 'one European segment', 'new organisational model', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'other segments', 'European markets', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Juan Amat', 'organisational change', 'Fabien Simon', 'last couple', 'various initiatives', 'dynamic environment', 'brand power', 'segment reporting', 'applicable regulations', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'other markets', 'total company', 'proposed changes', 'Enquiries Media', 'Home business', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '25 April', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'intention', 'leadership', 'President', 'brands', 'complexity', 'CEO', 'years', 'foundations', 'performance', 'customers', 'consumers', 'products', 'services', 'value', 'information', 'consultation', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,200 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', 'portfolio', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-053000908.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 24 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9737 £ 23.8306 Estimated MTD return 1.25 % 1.34 % Estimated YTD return -2.87 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 169.74 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.85 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3318 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2392The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000705.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 24 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9737 £ 23.8306 Estimated MTD return 1.25 % 1.34 % Estimated YTD return -2.87 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 169.74 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.85 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3318 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2392The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.19,0.63,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MERIDIA-RE-IV-SOCIMI-S-124393072/news/Meridia-RE-IV-SOCIMI-U-Equity-contribution-43634649/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Meridia RE IV SOCIMI U : Equity contribution,(marketscreener.com)   MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.   640 Diagonal Avenue  Floor 5  Barcelona    www.meridiareivsocimi.com   Barcelona  25 April 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Coun…,"MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.640 Diagonal Avenue  Floor 5  Barcelona (Spain)www.meridiareivsocimi.comBarcelona  25 April 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  MERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U. (""the Company"" or ""MRE-IV"") hereby notifies the following:PRESS RELEASEOn 25 April 2023 the sole shareholder of the Company has approved and made an equity contribution to the Company amounting to 3 900 000 euros to  mainly  provide liquidity to the Company's structure.We remain at your disposal for any clarifications you may require.Yours faithfully Mr. José Luis Raso FernándezMember of the Board of Directors ofMERIDIA RE IV  SOCIMI  S.A.U.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Meridia RE IV SOCIMI U', 'Equity contribution', 'Mr. José Luis Raso Fernández', 'S.A.U.', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Market Abuse Regulation', '640 Diagonal Avenue', 'European Parliament', 'ongoing obligations', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'sole shareholder', 'equity contribution', 'RE IV', 'SOCIMI', 'Floor', 'Barcelona', 'Spain', '25 April', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'companies', 'Company', 'MRE', 'following', '3,900,000 euros', 'liquidity', 'structure', 'disposal', 'clarifications', 'Member', 'Board', 'Directors']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23665,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOTALYS-NV-124363415/news/Results-of-the-Annual-and-Extraordinary-Shareholders-Meeting-43634951/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Results of the Annual and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Ghent  Belgium  April 25  2023 -- Press release – regulated information Biotalys   an Agricultural Technology company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  held its annual and an extraordinary shareho…,Ghent  Belgium  April 25  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Press release – regulated informationBiotalys (Euronext - BTLS) (the “Company” or “Biotalys”)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  held its annual and an extraordinary shareholders' meeting today at 10:00 a.m. CEST at the Company’s seat. The legally required presence quorum was reached for the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting. The shareholders approved all items on the agenda of the meetings. All documents relating to the shareholders’ meetings can be consulted on the website of the Company. The minutes will be made available in due course.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company protecting crops and food with proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and is listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com .Attachments,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"[""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Results', 'Annual', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'proprietary protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'extraordinary shareholders’ meeting', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'Agricultural Technology', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Press release', 'food protection', 'presence quorum', 'due course', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'shareholders’ meetings', 'regulated information', 'More information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'AgTech) company', 'Toon Musschoot', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Biotalys', 'BTLS', 'annual', '10:00 a', 'seat', 'items', 'agenda', 'documents', 'website', 'minutes', 'Head', 'Communication', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'strong', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'July', 'Attachments', '32', '9']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-Information-concerning-the-availability-of-all-the-explanatory-documentation-to-the-Combin-43634691/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,JCDecaux: Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023,(marketscreener.com) Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023 Paris  April 25  2023 – The shareholders of the Company are advised that the Combined General Meeting …,Information concerning the availability of all the explanatory documentation to the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 16  2023Paris  April 25  2023 – The shareholders of the Company are advised that the Combined General Meeting will be held on Tuesday  May 16  2023 at 2:30 p.m. at 17 rue Soyer 92200 Neuilly-sur-Seine.The Shareholders' Meeting will be webcast live with audio and will be available on JCDecaux’s website at www.jcdecaux.com/ag2023.The notice to shareholders (avis de réunion) which included the agenda  the draft resolutions as well as the practical details regarding attendance and voting rights at the General Meeting were published on April 7  2023 in the BALO (French official legal announcement publication) n° 42.The documents and information referred to in articles R.22-10-23  L.225-115 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code are available on the Company’s website at www.jcdecaux.com/ag2023.For further information  please contact:Rémi GRISARDHead of Investor RelationsTéléphone : +33 (0)1 30 79 79 93Email : remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comKey Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'explanatory documentation', 'JCDecaux', 'Information', 'availability', 'May', 'French official legal announcement publication', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'French Commercial Code', 'Téléphone', 'Platinum Medal status', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Home Media company', 'Rémi GRISARD', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'réunion', 'explanatory documentation', '17 rue Soyer', 'avis de', 'draft resolutions', 'practical details', 'voting rights', 'Investor Relations', 'Key Figures', 'daily audience', '850 million people', '1,040,132 advertising panels', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', '604,536 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '101,976 advertising panels', 'outdoor advertising', '654,957 advertising panels', '70,973 advertising panels', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', '371 advertising panels', 'Euronext Paris', 'RE100 Leader', 'Euronext 100', 'Information', 'availability', 'May', 'April', 'Tuesday', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'audio', 'JCDecaux', 'website', 'notice', 'agenda', 'attendance', 'BALO', 'documents', 'articles', 'Head', 'Email', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,573 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '11,200 employees', 'Eurolist', 'part', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'pioneer', '153 airports', '205 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment', '2:30']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23667,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CABKA-N-V-115395161/news/Cabka-starts-year-with-strong-growth-in-first-quarter-43626511/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Cabka starts year with strong growth in first quarter,(marketscreener.com) Sales in the first quarter amounted to € 55.4 million up 11% Frank Roerink nominated to Management BoardAnnual Report 2022 published Amsterdam 25 April 2023. Cabka N.V.   a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste…,Sales in the first quarter amounted to € 55.4 million up 11%Frank Roerink nominated to Management BoardAnnual Report 2022 publishedAmsterdam 25 April 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its first quarter 2023 trading update.Commercial PerformanceSales performance in the first quarter of 2023 was solid across all business segments  especially driven by strong continued recovery in the US  where the resumption of operations after the flooding of 26 July 2022 is proceeding according to plan.Overall  total sales were up 11% Y-o-Y  in line with the previously communicated growth objective of high single digits  resulting in a total sales volume in the first quarter of € 55.4 million (2022Q1: € 49.9 million).Frank Roerink nominated as CFO for Management BoardThe Supervisory Board of Cabka N.V. will nominate Mr. Frank Roerink (1969) as member of the Management Board and CFO of Cabka N.V. at the 8 June 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM). Frank Roerink was appointed interim-CFO of Cabka on 1 February 2023. For more information on Frank Roerink please refer to the press release of 26 January 2023.The full agenda of the AGM will be published on 27 April 2023.Annual Report 2022 publishedCabka publishes its financial report for the accounts of Cabka N.V. 2022  today. The report including Cabka’s first ESG report can be found and downloaded as PDF on the investor section of the Cabka website under Reports & Presentations .OutlookWe reiterate our guidance for full year 2023 of high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%  barring unforeseen circumstances  as stated in our preliminary results on 15 March 2023.Financial Calendar 20238 June Annual General Meeting13 June Capital Markets Day17 August Ex-Dividend* Date18 August Dividend* Record Date22 August Publication Half Year Results 202325 August Dividend* Payment Date19 October Trading Update Q3 202320 March 2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  +316 109 42514www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO products are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.Attachment,positive,0.75,0.24,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['strong growth', 'first quarter', 'Cabka', 'year', 'August Publication Half Year Results', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', '13 June Capital Markets Day', 'international securities identification number', '8 June 2023 Annual General Meeting', '8 June Annual General Meeting', 'August Dividend* Record Date', '25 August Dividend* Payment Date', 'high-single digit sales growth', 'first quarter 2023 trading update', 'Management Board Annual Report', 'August Ex-Dividend* Date', '19 October Trading Update', 'high single digits', 'large container solutions', 'logistics chain sustainability', 'road safety products', 'full value chain', 'Publication Preliminary Results', 'strong continued recovery', 'first ESG report', 'rare industry knowledge', 'total sales volume', 'Cabka N.V.', 'Mr. Frank Roerink', 'full year', 'actual results', 'Supervisory Board', 'ECO products', 'Sales performance', 'financial report', 'growth objective', 'full agenda', 'Commercial Performance', 'press release', 'EBITDA margin', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'Financial Calendar', 'David Brilleslijper', 'Press contact', 'D.Brilleslijper', 'Commercial contact', 'integrated approach', 'innovation center', 'attractive returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other variations', 'comparable terminology', 'future events', 'current view', 'financial position', 'future performance', 'undue reliance', 'EU) No', 'market abuse', 'looking statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'plastic waste', 'post-industrial waste', 'Cabka website', 'CABKA ticker', 'investor section', 'maximum use', 'recycled plastics', 'production loop', 'other risks', 'business segments', 'inside information', 'post-consumer waste', 'The Company', 'April', 'subsidiaries', 'RTP', 'resumption', 'operations', 'flooding', '26 July', 'plan', 'line', 'CFO', 'member', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'interim', '1 February', '26 January', 'accounts', 'PDF', 'Reports', 'Presentations', 'Outlook', 'guidance', '15 March', '20 March', 'Reference', 'distribution', 'investors', 'construction', 'recycling', 'manufacturing', 'capability', 'capacity', 'end-products', '1 March', 'Disclaimer', 'content', 'terms', 'projects', 'case', 'negative', 'discussions', 'strategy', 'objectives', 'goals', 'intentions', 'respect', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'strategies', 'Readers', 'guarantees', 'obligation', 'law', 'document', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Regulation', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23668,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIATIV-16579012/news/Visiativ-REVENUE-UP-7-IN-Q1-2023-43635043/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Visiativ :  REVENUE UP 7% IN Q1 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Organic growth in ARR doubled to €30.0m+20% growth in the CONSULTING businessContinued momentum in international business: +25% Lyon  25 April 2023 – 6:00 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for sma…,"Organic growth in ARR doubled to €30.0m+20% growth in the CONSULTING businessContinued momentum in international business: +25%Lyon  25 April 2023 – 6:00 p.m. Visiativ  a digital transformation and innovation expert for small and medium-sized businesses  is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris (FR0004029478  ALVIV).Visiativ achieved consolidated revenue of €59.4m in Q1 2023  up 7%. At constant scope and exchange rates  organic growth was -4%. As a reminder  Q1 2022 was characterised by growth of 27% (+21% organic)  notably for the SOFTWARE business (+35% of growth o/w +30% organic)  representing a high basis for comparison at the start of the 2023 financial year.The stability of the SOFTWARE business in Q1 2023 masks the strong increase in SaaS subscriptions – more than doubling (+125%) and now accounting for +20% of SOFTWARE sales versus less than 10% in Q1 2022.At end-March 2023  ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) totalled €30.0m  up 130% from end-March 2022 (+100% organic) and representing sequential growth of 9% compared to the previous quarter.The CONSULTING business posted sustained growth  up 20% in Q1 2023 (+4% in organic terms)  driven by the dynamics of innovation.Recurring business  which represented 67% of revenue  was up 11% in Q1 2023 (+1% in organic terms).In line with FY 2022  international business continued to propel the Visiativ's growth with €21.5m of revenue now achieved outside France  i.e. growth of 25% (+5% organic) which accounted for 36% of total revenue.€m – Unaudited data as of 31/03 Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Change Organic change[1] SOFTWARE 34.5 34.1 -1% -9% o/w SaaS subscriptions 3.2 7.2 +125% +52% CONSULTING 21.1 25.3 +20% +4% TOTAL REVENUE 55.6 59.4 +7% -4% o/w International revenue 17.2 21.5 +25% +5% As a % 31% 36% o/w Recurring revenue 35.9 39.7 +11% +1% As a % 65% 67%The SOFTWARE business reported stable revenue in Q1 2023 (-1% in reported terms  -9% in organic terms). As a reminder  sales to industry were particularly buoyant in Q1 2022 (notably licence sales).During the period  SaaS (Software as a Service) revenues surged +125% (+52% organic) – accounting for 21% of the SOFTWARE division's total revenue versus 13% on a full-year basis in 2022 – which reflects the robust growth in subscriptions  in line with Visiativ's strategic ambitions and the company's shift in focus to a SaaS sales model.At end-March 2023  ARR (Annual Recurring Revenue) totalled €30.0m versus slightly in excess of €13m at end-March 2022  i.e. an increase of 130% (+100% organic) and €27.4m at end-December 2022 which equates to sequential organic growth of 9%.The CONSULTING business achieved growth of 20% in Q1 2023 (+4% organic)  benefitting from the consolidation since 1st October 2022 of Absiskey  a strategy and innovation financing consultancy firm based in France and Poland.In Q1 2023  recurring revenue (multi-year contracts  software maintenance  SaaS contracts and subscriptions) amounted to €39.7m  up 11% (+1% in organic terms) and representing 67% of Visiativ's total billings.For Visiativ  international business remained a strategic growth driver in Q1 2023  with sales outside France up 25% (+5% at constant scope and exchange rates)  thereby increasing the share of billings issued internationally to 36% of the company's total for the period  versus 30% in Q1 2022.OUTLOOKIn an uncertain economic environment  for 2023  Visiativ will seek to strengthen the pillars of its development  namely to:Strengthen the value proposition through the Visiativ Innovation Platform;the value proposition through the Visiativ Innovation Platform; Consolidate the Visiativ Agora technology platform;the Visiativ Agora technology platform; Develop the subscription model by capitalising on the software platform;the subscription model by capitalising on the software platform; Continue the growth momentum in international business;the growth momentum in international business; Accelerate growth by making further accretive acquisitions.FINANCIAL CALENDAREVENTS DATES Annual General Meeting Thursday 25 May  2023 Q2 2023 revenues Wednesday 26 July  2023 H1 2023 results Tuesday 19 September  2023 Q3 2023 revenues Tuesday 24 October  2023 Full-year 2023 revenue Wednesday 24 January 2024 Full-year 2023 results Tuesday 19 March 2024These dates are an indication and may be changed if necessary. All publications will be issued after close of trading markets on Euronext Paris.ABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 23 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €259 million in 2022. Visiativ is present in 14 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  Poland  the United Kingdom  U.A.E  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 400 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.comVISIATIV CONTACTLydia JOUVALExternal CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)4 78 87 29 29lydia.jouval@visiativ.com INVESTOR CONTACTACTUSMathieu OMNESTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr PRESS CONTACTACTUSSerena BONITel.: +33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.fr[1] growth at constant consolidation scope  restated for the consolidations of MB CAD (as of 1st April 2022)  Daxium and Braithwaite (as of 1st July 2022)  Absiskey (as of 1st October 2022)  and at constant exchange rates.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lnBqk5ialpnKy2tvaJtsapWUm2djkmGcm5bKmmdwlZabaZ6Vm5qVl52eZnBqmmdq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79524-visiativ-pr-q1-2023-25042023-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Visiativ', 'Q1', 'EVENTS DATES Annual General Meeting', 'innovation financing consultancy firm', 'Visiativ Agora technology platform', 'uncertain economic environment', 'Annual Recurring Revenue', 'Visiativ Innovation Platform', 'strategic growth driver', 'The SOFTWARE business', 'sequential organic growth', 'The CONSULTING business', 'SaaS sales model', 'software platform', 'innovation expert', 'Recurring business', 'strategic ambitions', 'subscription model', 'sequential growth', 'international business', 'organic terms', 'digital transformation', 'medium-sized businesses', 'consolidated revenue', 'constant scope', 'high basis', '2023 financial year', 'previous quarter', 'International revenue', 'stable revenue', 'reported terms', 'full-year basis', 'multi-year contracts', 'SaaS contracts', 'value proposition', 'accretive acquisitions', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'H1 2023 results', 'Full-year 2023 revenue', 'Full-year 2023 results', 'trading markets', 'performance lever', 'long term', 'innovative approach', 'proven experience', 'SOFTWARE division', 'software maintenance', 'total revenue', 'licence sales', 'Service) revenues', 'Q2 2023 revenues', 'Q3 2023 revenues', 'Euronext Growth', 'sustained growth', 'robust growth', 'SOFTWARE sales', 'exchange rates', 'Organic change', 'strong increase', 'SaaS subscriptions', '1st October', 'Euronext Paris', 'three pillars', 'growth momentum', 'Mid-Market customers', 'total billings', '31/03 Q1', '+20% growth', 'ARR', 'Lyon', '25 April', 'small', 'ALVIV', 'reminder', 'comparison', 'start', 'stability', 'less', 'end-March', 'dynamics', 'line', 'FY 2022', 'France', 'Unaudited', 'data', 'industry', 'period', 'company', 'shift', 'focus', 'excess', 'end-December', 'consolidation', 'Absiskey', 'strategy', 'Poland', 'share', 'OUTLOOK', 'development', 'Thursday', 'May', 'July', 'September', 'January', 'indication', 'publications', 'close', 'mission', 'companies', 'solutions', 'services', 'transformations', 'unique', 'support', 'Engage', 'deployment', 'Connect', 'communities', 'sharing', '35 years', '6:00', '€']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23669,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INDUSTRIE-DE-NORA-S-P-A-140214472/news/Industrie-De-Nora-S-p-A-De-Nora-Successfully-Commissions-20-CECHLO-MS-systems-at-10-water-treatme-43625743/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Industrie De Nora S p A : De Nora Successfully Commissions 20 CECHLO®-MS systems at 10 water treatment works for Hong Kong Water Supplies Department,(marketscreener.com)   De Nora CECHLO-MS system at Sha Tin Water Treatment Works with our De Nora commissioning team.    Hong Kong  25  April  2023 - Industrie De Nora S.p.A. - Italian multinational listed on the Euronext Milan  specialised in the elect…,"De Nora CECHLO-MS system (production capacity 2.25ton/day-Cl2) at Sha Tin Water Treatment Works with our De Nora commissioning team.Hong Kong  25  April  2023 - Industrie De Nora S.p.A. - Italian multinational listed on the Euronext Milan  specialised in the electrochemical processes and leader in sustainable technologies and in the emerging green hydrogen industry - has completed the successful commissioning of CECHLO®-MS systems for the Hong Kong Water Supplies Department (WSD). CECHLO®-MS systems generating chlorine and sodium hypochlorite on-site and the customized Capital Controls® Gas feed systems  are now fully operational in all 10-water treatment works in Hong Kong  providing safe and reliable water to the residents of Hong Kong.De Nora has completed the commissioning of 20 units for the Hong Kong project  making it the largest installation of the CECHLO®-MS systems in Asia. As the Technology Licensor to the main contractors  De Nora has demonstrated excellent performance and reliability in fulfilling all its contractual obligations  being responsible for the systems' engineering  procurement  and commissioning.""The successful commissioning of the CECHLO®-MS for the Hong Kong water treatment works is a game-changer for De Nora and the water treatment industry "" said Paolo Dellachà  Chief Executive Officer of Industrie De Nora. ""Our team has demonstrated our commitment to providing innovative  reliable  and sustainable solutions to our customers.""""The Hong Kong project has been a true test of our team's capabilities  and we have passed with flying colors "" added Dellachà. ""This achievement has been challenging  which has been overcome thanks to our remote monitoring system supported by our strong technical expertise in electrochemistry to mitigate site access issues during the Covid pandemic. We now look forward to pushing the boundaries answering to complex water treatment requirement with our electrochemical solutions.""De Nora is committed to enabling its customers to meet the world's growing demand for clean water  clean energy  and sustainable industrial processes. With over 100 years of experience in providing highly innovative electrochemical solutions  De Nora is a prominent player in the water treatment industry. Its track record of success sets the standard for excellence in the industry.The De Nora CECHLO®-MS system is an ideal solution for safe  reliable  and sustainable water treatment  and its successful commissioning in Hong Kong is a testament to De Nora's commitment to delivering cutting-edge solutions that exceed customer expectations.About Us:Industrie De Nora is an Italian multinational company listed on the Euronext Milan stock exchange  specializing in electrochemistry  a leader in sustainable technologies  and has a vital role in the industrial green hydrogen production chain. The Company has a portfolio of products and systems to optimize the energy efficiency of critical industrial electrochemical processes and a range of products and solutions for water treatment. Globally  Industrie De Nora is the world's largest supplier of activated electrodes (serving a broad portfolio of customers operating in the fields of chlorine and caustic soda production  components for electronics  and non-ferrous metal refining). Industrie De Nora is also among the world's leading suppliers of water filtration and disinfection technologies (for the industrial  municipal  and marine sectors) and the world's leading swimming pool disinfection components supplier. Leveraging its well-established electrochemical knowledge  proven manufacturing capability  and a supply chain established over the years  the Company has developed and qualified a portfolio of electrodes and components to produce hydrogen through the electrolysis of water  which is critical for the energy transition. In this sector  the company also holds 34% of thyssenkrupp nucera AG &Co. KGaA  a joint venture established with the thyssenkrupp group.Founded in 1923  Industrie De Nora generated total revenues of around EUR 853 million and an Adjusted EBITDA of approx. EUR 191 million in 2022. The Company's growth process has developed organically through continued penetration of new markets and applications and through acquisitions in the U.S.  Asia  and Europe. De Nora's continuous innovation drives its growth  represented by its evolving intellectual property portfolio  which currently includes more than 260 patent families with more than 2 800 territorial extensions. The De Nora family controls the Group  which owns 53.3% of the Company's share capital. Snam S.p.A. is a minority shareholder with about 21.6% of the capital.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['Hong Kong Water Supplies Department', 'Industrie De Nora S', '10 water treatment works', '20 CECHLO®-MS systems', 'leading swimming pool disinfection components supplier', 'Industrie De Nora S.p.A.', 'The De Nora CECHLO®-MS system', 'Capital Controls® Gas feed systems', 'Hong Kong Water Supplies Department', 'industrial green hydrogen production chain', 'Snam S.p.A.', 'Hong Kong water treatment works', 'emerging green hydrogen industry', 'De Nora CECHLO-MS system', 'Sha Tin Water Treatment', 'complex water treatment requirement', 'Euronext Milan stock exchange', 'evolving intellectual property portfolio', 'The De Nora family', 'critical industrial electrochemical processes', 'The Hong Kong project', '10-water treatment works', 'remote monitoring system', 'De Nora commissioning team', 'Industrie De Nora.', 'CECHLO®-MS systems', 'sustainable industrial processes', 'caustic soda production', 'water treatment industry', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'strong technical expertise', 'ferrous metal refining', 'sustainable water treatment', 'site access issues', 'innovative electrochemical solutions', 'Italian multinational company', 'largest supplier', 'leading suppliers', 'disinfection technologies', 'U.S.', 'supply chain', 'production capacity', 'The Company', 'reliable water', 'clean water', 'water filtration', ""systems' engineering"", 'share capital', 'electrochemical knowledge', 'sustainable technologies', 'sustainable solutions', 'successful commissioning', 'sodium hypochlorite', 'largest installation', 'Technology Licensor', 'main contractors', 'excellent performance', 'contractual obligations', 'true test', 'flying colors', 'Covid pandemic', 'growing demand', 'clean energy', 'prominent player', 'track record', 'ideal solution', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'customer expectations', 'vital role', 'energy efficiency', 'broad portfolio', 'marine sectors', 'manufacturing capability', 'energy transition', 'nucera AG', 'Co. KGaA', 'joint venture', 'total revenues', 'continued penetration', 'new markets', 'continuous innovation', '260 patent families', '2,800 territorial extensions', 'minority shareholder', 'Paolo Dellachà', 'activated electrodes', 'growth process', 'April', 'leader', 'WSD', 'chlorine', 'safe', 'residents', '20 units', 'Asia', 'reliability', 'procurement', 'game-changer', 'commitment', 'customers', 'capabilities', 'achievement', 'electrochemistry', 'boundaries', 'world', '100 years', 'experience', 'standard', 'excellence', 'testament', 'products', 'range', 'fields', 'electronics', 'municipal', 'electrolysis', 'group', 'EBITDA', 'applications', 'acquisitions', 'Europe']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23670,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-SOCIMI-BME-GROWTH-Dual-Listing-43634551/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : SOCIMI - BME GROWTH Dual Listing,(marketscreener.com)   Ktesios SOCIMI - BME GROWTH Dual Listing      25 Apr 2023 17:04 CEST    Subscribe     Issuer   KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI S.A      The Ordinary General Meeting of Ktesios´...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote…,Ktesios SOCIMI - BME GROWTH Dual ListingThe Ordinary General Meeting of Ktesios´ Shareholders approved  among others  the agreements that are set out below given their relevance to the Company: to request the admission to trading on BME GROWTH OF BME MTF EQUITY  to appoint SOCIEDAD DE GESTIÓN DE LOS SISTEMAS DE REGISTRO  COMPENSACIÓN Y LIQUIDACIÓN DE VALORES  S. A. U. (IBERCLEAR)  to request the exclusion from trading on EURONEXT ACCESS LISBON  to delegate on the Board of Directors to work on a potential capital increases for 2023 with maximum limit of 30 000 000 €  at 14.5 € per share (nominal plus premium).20230425-bme-growth-dual-listing.pdf,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'BME GROWTH Dual Listing', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'BME GROWTH Dual Listing', 'BME MTF EQUITY', 'S. A. U.', 'EURONEXT ACCESS LISBON', 'potential capital increases', 'GESTIÓN DE', 'COMPENSACIÓN', 'LIQUIDACIÓN', 'Ktesios SOCIMI', 'Ktesios´ Shareholders', 'LOS SISTEMAS', 'maximum limit', 'others', 'agreements', 'relevance', 'Company', 'trading', 'SOCIEDAD', 'REGISTRO', 'IBERCLEAR', 'exclusion', 'Board', 'Directors', 'premium', 'dual-listing', '14.5']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23671,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-SOCIMI-BME-GROWTH-Dual-Listing-43634554/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : SOCIMI- BME GROWTH Dual Listing,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  April 25  2023      Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the       Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse...https://www.marketscreener.com/qu…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  April 25  2023Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI  S.A. (the "" "" or "" "")  hereby announces the following: Company KtesiosRELEVANT INFORMATIONThe Ordinary General Meeting of Ktesios´ Shareholders approved  among others  the agreements that are set out below given their relevance to the Company:- To request the admission to trading onof all the shares representing the capital stock of the CompanyBME GROWTHcurrentlyOFoutstanding BME MTF EQUITYas well as inclusion in the Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System (SIBE)  as well as those shares that may be issued between the date of this resolution and the date of the effective admission to trading.- To appoint SOCIEDAD DE GESTIÓN DE LOS SISTEMAS DE REGISTRO  COMPENSACIÓN Y LIQUIDACIÓN DE VALORES  S. A. U. (IBERCLEAR)  as entity in charge of the book entries and registration of the Company's shares. The Company's shares are represented by book entries and are registered in the accounting register kept by SOCIEDADE GESTORA DE SISTEMAS DE LIQUIDAÇÃO E DE SISTEMAS CENTRALIZADOS DE VALORES MOBILIÁRIOS S.A. (""INTERBOLSA"") and its participating entities. IBERCLEAR maintains a direct link with INTERBOLSA  which allows it to settle and register the Company's shares admitted to trading on BME Growth.- To request the exclusion from trading on EURONEXT ACCESS LISBON of all the shares representing the capital stock of the Company currently in circulation  as well as those shares that may be issued between the date of this resolution and the date of the effective admission to trading after the shares have been admitted to trading on BME GROWTH.- To delegate on the Board of Directors to work on a potential capital increases for 2023 with maximum limit of 30 000 000 €  at 14.5 € per share (nominal plus premium)  with the possibility of incomplete subscription. There could be one or several capital increases and types  that must be approved by the shareholders.CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridKtesiosRegistradaRealenEstateel RegistroSOCIMIMercantilS.A. de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614 Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.6,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'SOCIMI- BME GROWTH Dual Listing', 'Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System', 'VALORES MOBILIÁRIOS S.A.', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'LIQUIDACIÓN DE VALORES', 'KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI', 'S. A. U.', 'KtesiosRegistradaRealenEstateel RegistroSOCIMIMercantilS.A.', 'potential capital increases', 'several capital increases', 'BME MTF EQUITYas', 'EURONEXT ACCESS LISBON', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'capital stock', 'SISTEMAS DE', 'GESTIÓN', 'COMPENSACIÓN', 'Sección', 'book entries', 'BME Growth', 'The Company', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'European Parliament', 'Commission Directives', 'ongoing obligations', 'RELEVANT INFORMATION', 'effective admission', 'accounting register', 'SOCIEDADE GESTORA', 'LIQUIDAÇÃO', 'participating entities', 'direct link', 'maximum limit', 'incomplete subscription', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Ktesios´ Shareholders', 'SISTEMAS CENTRALIZADOS', 'Company Ktesios', '16th April', 'Madrid', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', 'companies', 'others', 'agreements', 'relevance', 'trading', 'shares', 'inclusion', 'SIBE', 'date', 'resolution', 'IBERCLEAR', 'entity', 'charge', 'registration', 'INTERBOLSA', 'exclusion', 'circulation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'premium', 'possibility', 'types', 'CIF', '7º Izda', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'Tel', '5', '34']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23672,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-25-04-2023-ndash-Ktesios-SOCIMI-ndash-BME-GROWTH-Dual-Listing-43634700/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : 25.04.2023 – Ktesios SOCIMI – BME GROWTH Dual Listing,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  April 25  2023      Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the       Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse...https://www.marketscreener.com/qu…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  April 25  2023Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI  S.A. (the "" "" or "" "")  hereby announces the following: Company KtesiosRELEVANT INFORMATIONThe Ordinary General Meeting of Ktesios´ Shareholders approved  among others  the agreements that are set out below given their relevance to the Company:- To request the admission to trading onof all the shares representing the capital stock of the CompanyBME GROWTHcurrentlyOFoutstanding BME MTF EQUITYas well as inclusion in the Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System (SIBE)  as well as those shares that may be issued between the date of this resolution and the date of the effective admission to trading.- To appoint SOCIEDAD DE GESTIÓN DE LOS SISTEMAS DE REGISTRO  COMPENSACIÓN Y LIQUIDACIÓN DE VALORES  S. A. U. (IBERCLEAR)  as entity in charge of the book entries and registration of the Company's shares. The Company's shares are represented by book entries and are registered in the accounting register kept by SOCIEDADE GESTORA DE SISTEMAS DE LIQUIDAÇÃO E DE SISTEMAS CENTRALIZADOS DE VALORES MOBILIÁRIOS S.A. (""INTERBOLSA"") and its participating entities. IBERCLEAR maintains a direct link with INTERBOLSA  which allows it to settle and register the Company's shares admitted to trading on BME Growth.- To request the exclusion from trading on EURONEXT ACCESS LISBON of all the shares representing the capital stock of the Company currently in circulation  as well as those shares that may be issued between the date of this resolution and the date of the effective admission to trading after the shares have been admitted to trading on BME GROWTH.- To delegate on the Board of Directors to work on a potential capital increases for 2023 with maximum limit of 30 000 000 €  at 14.5 € per share (nominal plus premium)  with the possibility of incomplete subscription. There could be one or several capital increases and types  that must be approved by the shareholders.CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridKtesiosRegistradaRealenEstateel RegistroSOCIMIMercantilS.A. de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614 Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.39,0.6,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'BME GROWTH Dual Listing', 'Ktesios SOCIMI', 'Spanish Stock Exchange Interconnection System', 'VALORES MOBILIÁRIOS S.A.', 'The Ordinary General Meeting', 'LIQUIDACIÓN DE VALORES', 'KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI', 'S. A. U.', 'KtesiosRegistradaRealenEstateel RegistroSOCIMIMercantilS.A.', 'potential capital increases', 'several capital increases', 'BME MTF EQUITYas', 'EURONEXT ACCESS LISBON', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'capital stock', 'SISTEMAS DE', 'GESTIÓN', 'COMPENSACIÓN', 'Sección', 'book entries', 'BME Growth', 'The Company', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'European Parliament', 'Commission Directives', 'ongoing obligations', 'RELEVANT INFORMATION', 'effective admission', 'accounting register', 'SOCIEDADE GESTORA', 'LIQUIDAÇÃO', 'participating entities', 'direct link', 'maximum limit', 'incomplete subscription', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Ktesios´ Shareholders', 'SISTEMAS CENTRALIZADOS', 'Company Ktesios', '16th April', 'Madrid', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', 'companies', 'others', 'agreements', 'relevance', 'trading', 'shares', 'inclusion', 'SIBE', 'date', 'resolution', 'IBERCLEAR', 'entity', 'charge', 'registration', 'INTERBOLSA', 'exclusion', 'circulation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'premium', 'possibility', 'types', 'CIF', '7º Izda', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'Tel', '5', '34']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23673,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-AIRWELL-125185219/news/Groupe-Airwell-AIRWELL-FULL-YEAR-2022-RESULTS-43634975/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Groupe Airwell :  AIRWELL: FULL-YEAR 2022 RESULTS,(marketscreener.com)  Press release  25 April 2023  6 pm CETFULL-YEAR 2022 RESULTSCONSOLIDATED REVENUE: +23.2%FURTHER INVESTMENTS TO SUPPORT THE GROUP'S GROWTHCONSTANT INCREASE IN THE ORDER BACKLOGFrench...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote…,"Press release  25 April 2023  6 pm CETFULL-YEAR 2022 RESULTSCONSOLIDATED REVENUE: +23.2%FURTHER INVESTMENTS TO SUPPORT THE GROUP'S GROWTHCONSTANT INCREASE IN THE ORDER BACKLOGFrench standards(in €m) 2022(1) 2021(2) Change Revenue 55.7 45.2 +23.2% EBITDA 1.6 2.4 -33.3% EBIT 1.5 1.9 -22.7% Net profit 1.0 1.5 -33.8%(1) Consolidated accounts approved by the Board of Directors on 20 April 2023(2) Non-audited pro-forma data including the full-year contribution of acquisitions made in 2021Strong momentum in businessIn 2022  the Airwell Group (Euronext Access+  MLAIR)  supplier and creator of smart energy ecosystems  generated consolidated revenue of €55.7m  a sustained increase of 23.2%. The order book also increased by more than 20%  marked by accelerating demand for the new HP (Air-Water Heat Pumps) and EnR (Renewable Energies) solutions. The innovative energy efficient solutions provided by the Group are increasingly popular in the residential market  which accounts for 93.3% of sales  with a sustained acceleration in international business  including Morocco and Poland. This good momentum confirms the success of Airwell's strategic positioning in a market driven by new environmental standards and energy efficiency in buildings.Gross margin resilience and lower operating profit  reflecting strategic investments to build the futureGross margin totalled €17.0m  or 30.6% of consolidated revenue  up 14% on 2021. The lower level of growth compared with revenue was due to pressure on supply costs  which cannot always be passed on to customer contracts.Throughout the year  the Group continued to invest and recruit in strategic projects (Leezy Offer  Hybrid House  Airwell Academy) in order to prepare for future growth. As a result  EBITDA  which included a pro-forma increase in personnel costs (+20.5%)  a doubling in office space (including the opening of the second Airwell Academy) and an increase in marketing expenses (+21.8%)  came to €1.6m  down €0.8m.EBIT stood at €1.5m  down 22.7%.After deducting financial items of €0.3m and a tax charge of €0.4m  the net result was €1.0m  implying a net margin of 1.8%.Operating cash flow amounted to €0.9m. This reflected an increase in WCR of around 15%  which remains under control in view of growth in revenue (+23.2%). Cash flow from investments showed a net inflow of €0.4m  mainly stemming from the disposal of the Johnson brand. Financing-related flows represented a net outflow of €1.1m. These include the €1.5m capital increase carried out at the end of December and a net debt reduction of €2.6m. Overall  the group generated net cash flow of €0.2m.Consolidated balance sheet analysisAt 31 December 2022  Airwell's equity amounted to €3.9m. Equity was strengthened by €1.5m following a private placement with two Norwegian family offices  as well as retained earnings from the previous year.Gross financial debt was €3.8m at the end of 2022. It was €2.6m lower than consolidated gross debt at the end of 2021. Net debt amounted to €1.8m  representing 1.1x 2022 EBITDA or gearing of 45%.Attractive outlookIn view of the constant increase in business with strong growth in exports  which now represent more than 27% of the Group's revenue  Airwell confirms its strategic roadmap enabling it to target revenue of €100m and EBITDA margin of more than 5% by 2025.In this regard  the Group intends to focus its efforts on rolling out its Service activities  stepping up commercial momentum in France and internationally  through targeted acquisitions  and finally  continuing to develop innovative offers.""In 2022  we continued our transformation initiated in 2019 while maintaining attractive growth in our revenue. Thanks to the investments made over the past three years and the strengthening of our financial structure  we are well positioned to achieve our ambitious targets and become a leader in the energy efficiency market  which is set to experience very strong growth over the next 10 years. The project to transfer the Group's shares and raise funds on Euronext Growth®* should also help strengthen our positions in France and further conquer the European market "" stated Laurent ROEGEL  President of the Airwell Group.*Subject to Euronext Growth® Paris agreementNext publication: Revenue for the first quarter of 2023: Wednesday 10 May 2023  after market close.About AirwellFounded in 1947 in France  Airwell is a leading French supplier of HVAC systems. In a market driven by the energy transition  the company aims to become a leader in Europe  and a key player in climate and thermal solutions based on needs and uses on a global level  with presence in 80 countries.Compartment: Euronext Access+; Ticker: MLAIRwww.groupe-airwell.comContactsAIRWELLCEOLaurent ROEGELinvestisseurs@airwell.comAtout CapitalListing SponsorRodolphe OSSOLArodolphe.ossola@atoutcapital.com+33 (0)1 56 69 61 86CapValueFinancial CommunicationGilles BROQUELET/Dina MORINinfo@capvalue.fr+33 (01) 80 81 50 00This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lWiblJSYk2eUm5pqZZ6Za2Fqb2pjl2aVmZeXmZedaZjFbp1ml2hoZsqYZnBqmmhr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79535-airwell-pr-ra-2022-250423.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.14,0.18,True,English,"['FULL-YEAR 2022 RESULTS', 'Groupe Airwell', 'two Norwegian family offices', 'Atout Capital Listing Sponsor', 'Consolidated balance sheet analysis', 'Euronext Growth® Paris agreement', 'innovative energy efficient solutions', 'Air-Water Heat Pumps', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'smart energy ecosystems', 'past three years', '€1.5m capital increase', 'new environmental standards', 'net debt reduction', 'Gross margin resilience', 'lower operating profit', 'leading French supplier', 'Gross financial debt', 'net cash flow', 'second Airwell Academy', 'energy efficiency market', 'French standards', 'gross debt', 'innovative offers', 'Operating cash', 'energy transition', 'Net profit', 'Euronext Access', 'new HP', 'lower level', 'next 10 years', 'thermal solutions', 'financial items', 'net margin', 'net inflow', 'net outflow', 'financial structure', 'Financial Communication', 'Press release', 'FULL-YEAR 2022 RESULTS', 'pro-forma data', 'full-year contribution', 'Strong momentum', 'Renewable Energies', 'sustained acceleration', 'good momentum', 'strategic positioning', 'supply costs', 'customer contracts', 'strategic projects', 'Leezy Offer', 'Hybrid House', 'personnel costs', 'office space', 'marketing expenses', 'tax charge', 'Johnson brand', 'Financing-related flows', 'private placement', 'Attractive outlook', 'strategic roadmap', 'Service activities', 'commercial momentum', 'ambitious targets', 'Laurent ROEGEL', 'first quarter', 'HVAC systems', 'key player', 'global level', 'Gilles BROQUELET', 'Dina MORIN', 'CONSOLIDATED REVENUE', 'strong growth', 'attractive growth', 'CONSTANT INCREASE', 'sustained increase', 'forma increase', 'net result', 'ORDER BACKLOG', 'order book', 'residential market', 'European market', 'FURTHER INVESTMENTS', 'strategic investments', 'previous year', 'targeted acquisitions', 'Next publication', 'AIRWELL CEO', 'Rodolphe OSSOLA', 'Change Revenue', 'future growth', 'international business', '1.1x 2022 EBITDA', 'THE GROUP', 'Airwell Group', '25 April', 'CET', 'SUPPORT', 'Board', 'Directors', '20 April', 'MLAIR', 'creator', 'demand', 'EnR', 'sales', 'Morocco', 'Poland', 'success', 'buildings', 'pressure', 'doubling', 'opening', 'WCR', 'control', 'view', 'disposal', 'end', 'December', 'equity', 'earnings', 'gearing', 'exports', 'regard', 'efforts', 'France', 'transformation', 'strengthening', 'leader', 'shares', 'funds', 'positions', 'President', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'company', 'climate', 'needs', 'uses', 'presence', '80 countries', 'Compartment', 'Ticker', 'Contacts', 'investisseurs', 'CapValue', '6', '2021', '23.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23674,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NN-GROUP-N-V-16805129/news/NN-N-Group-prices-its-green-debt-offering-of-EUR-1-billion-of-subordinated-notes-43634606/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,NN N : Group prices its green debt offering of EUR 1 billion of subordinated notes,(marketscreener.com)  NN Group today announces that it is has priced EUR 1 billion of subordinated notes . It is the second issuance under NN Group's Sustainability Bond Framework  which was established in February 2022 with the aim to finance green and soci…,"NN Group today announces that it is has priced EUR 1 billion of subordinated notes (the ""Notes""). It is the second issuance under NN Group's Sustainability Bond Framework  which was established in February 2022 with the aim to finance green and social projects.The Notes have a maturity of 20.5 years and are first callable after 10.5 years  subject to redemption conditions. The coupon is fixed at 6.00% per annum until the first reset date on 3 November 2033 and will be floating thereafter. The Notes are expected to qualify as Tier 2 regulatory capital. The Notes are expected to be rated by Standard & Poor's (BBB-) and Fitch (BBB+) and will be listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: XS2616652637).An amount equivalent to the net proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be applied for financing and/or re-financing of specified green projects and/or activities in accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as further described in NN Group N.V.'s Sustainability Bond Framework and for the repayment of some of the Group's existing indebtedness.The Notes are issued under the EUR 7 500 000 000 Debt Issuance Programme of NN Group N.V. for which the base prospectus dated 9 June 2022 as supplemented on 19 August 2022 and 24 April 2023 (the ""Base Prospectus"") is available on www.nn-group.com.",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['green debt offering', 'subordinated notes', 'Group', 'EUR', 'Sustainability Bond Framework', 'first reset date', 'Tier 2 regulatory capital', '7,500,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme', 'Group N.V.', 'second issuance', 'social projects', 'redemption conditions', 'Standard & Poor', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'net proceeds', 'eligibility criteria', 'existing indebtedness', 'base prospectus', 'green projects', 'subordinated notes', 'The Notes', 'February', 'aim', 'maturity', '20.5 years', '10.5 years', 'coupon', '3 November', 'BBB', 'Fitch', 'amount', 'issue', 'financing', 'activities', 'accordance', 'repayment', 'June', '19 August', '24 April', '6.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23675,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIXIUM-VISION-16603793/news/Pixium-Vision-announces-the-availability-of-its-annual-report-for-the-financial-year-2022-43635382/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Pixium Vision announces the availability of its annual report for the financial year 2022,(marketscreener.com)         Pixium Vision announces the availability of itsannual report for the financial year 2022 Paris  April 25  2023 – 7.00 p.m. CET - Pixium Vision SA   a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable …,Pixium Vision announces the availability of itsannual report for the financial year 2022Paris  April 25  2023 – 7.00 p.m. CET - Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independently  announces that its annual report for the year 2022 has been made available on the Company’s website (link).ContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer Nonhoffinvestors@pixium-vision.com Media RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie Baumontsophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49ABOUT PIXIUM VISIONPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Pixium Vision', 'annual report', 'financial year', 'availability', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Institut de la Vision', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'Rose Piquante Consulting', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'annual report', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'financial year', 'bioelectronics company', 'pixium-vision Attachment', 'Sophie Baumont', 'availability', 'April', 'CET', 'patients', 'sight', 'website', 'link', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'investors', 'rosepiquante', 'world', 'academic', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'information', 'PixiumVision', '7.00']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23676,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2654320/0/en/Pixium-Vision-announces-the-availability-of-its-annual-report-for-the-financial-year-2022.html,Pixium Vision announces the availability of its annual report for the financial year 2022,Pixium Vision announces the availability of itsannual report for the financial year 2022   Paris  April 25  2023 – 7.00 p.m. CET - Pixium Vision...,English FrenchPixium Vision announces the availability of itsannual report for the financial year 2022Paris  April 25  2023 – 7.00 p.m. CET - Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independently  announces that its annual report for the year 2022 has been made available on the Company’s website (link).ContactsInvestor RelationsPixium VisionOffer Nonhoffinvestors@pixium-vision.com Media RelationsRose Piquante ConsultingSophie Baumontsophie.baumont@rosepiquante-consulting.com+33 6 27 74 74 49ABOUT PIXIUM VISIONPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Pixium Vision', 'annual report', 'financial year', 'availability', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Media Relations Rose Piquante Consulting', 'Institut de la Vision', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'Pixium Vision SA', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Investor Relations', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'University hospital', 'English French', 'annual report', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'financial year', 'bioelectronics company', 'pixium-vision Attachment', 'Sophie Baumont', 'availability', 'April', 'CET', 'patients', 'sight', 'website', 'link', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'rosepiquante', 'world', 'academic', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'information', 'PixiumVision', '7.00']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23677,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD-43851519/news/Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-acquires-outstanding-share-of-Croydon-Partnership-from-Hammerson-43634934/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield acquires outstanding share of Croydon Partnership from Hammerson,(marketscreener.com) Paris  Amsterdam  April 25  2023 Press release Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield acquires outstanding share of Croydon Partnership from Hammerson Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield has completed the acquisition of Hammerson’s 50% stake in the Croydon Part…,Paris  Amsterdam  April 25  2023Press releaseUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield acquires outstanding share of Croydon Partnership from HammersonUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (“URW”) has completed the acquisition of Hammerson’s 50% stake in the Croydon Partnership  a 10 hectare parcel which includes the Whitgift and Centrale shopping centres as well as high street retail frontage  office blocks and multi-storey car parks in the heart of the designated GLA Opportunity Area in South London.Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield said: “Urban regeneration projects are at the heart of URW’s purpose to create sustainable places that reinvent being together  and we are very excited about what can be achieved in Croydon. With our full ownership of the property  it allows URW to work in partnership with the Mayor of Croydon  the Greater London Authority and other vital local stakeholders on a vision and options that support the wider transformation of the area.”Jason Perry  Mayor of Croydon said: “The regeneration of Croydon town centre remains a top priority and I have been working closely with businesses and partners to bring forward the redevelopment of the Whitgift Centre and wider regeneration of the town centre. We welcome the agreement that has been reached by URW as an important step in progressing this. We look forward to working with them as they develop a new masterplan in 2023  which will inform a new  revised application for the town centre that will meet the future needs of our community.I have reconvened the Mayor’s Town Centre Advisory Board  which is working with key partners to drive forward the regeneration  and we look forward to seeing plans progress.”The Croydon project is fully aligned with the Group’s strategy of unlocking mixed-use development opportunities embedded in its portfolio. It also builds on the success of its transformational UK regeneration projects in both White City and Stratford.# # #For further information please contact:Investor RelationsAlex EstruchVP  Chief of Staff to the CEO+1 (424) 303-1948Alex.Estruch@urw.comMedia RelationsGlobal:Cornelia Schnepf – FinElk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euUK:Ciara Solmi – URW+44 779 511 6524Ciara.Solmi@urw.comFrance:Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 43 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.comAttachment,neutral,0.35,0.65,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.01,True,English,"['outstanding share', 'Croydon Partnership', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'Hammerson', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'other vital local stakeholders', 'high street retail frontage', 'Town Centre Advisory Board', 'transformational UK regeneration projects', 'multi-storey car parks', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'industry-leading sustainability standards', 'positive environmental, social', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'Urban regeneration projects', 'Greater London Authority', 'new, revised application', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', '€3 Bn development pipeline', 'GLA Opportunity Area', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'mixed-use development opportunities', 'Centrale shopping centres', 'Croydon town centre', 'The Croydon project', 'Alex Estruch VP', 'sustainable places', 'mixed-use assets', 'high-quality offices', 'South London', 'new masterplan', '78 shopping centres', 'wider regeneration', 'Whitgift Centre', 'Press release', 'outstanding share', '10 hectare parcel', 'office blocks', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'full ownership', 'wider transformation', 'Jason Perry', 'top priority', 'important step', 'future needs', 'White City', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Ciara Solmi', 'Ciara.Solmi', 'Sonia Fellmann', 'Sonia.Fellmann', 'United States', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'exhibition venues', 'committed partner', 'economic impact', 'stapled shares', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Standard & Poor', 'Baa2 rating', 'The Group', '€52 Bn portfolio', 'dynamic cities', 'major cities', 'Croydon Partnership', 'key partners', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'April', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'Hammerson', 'URW', 'acquisition', '50% stake', 'heart', 'purpose', 'property', 'Mayor', 'vision', 'options', 'businesses', 'redevelopment', 'agreement', 'community', 'plans', 'progress', 'strategy', 'success', 'Stratford', 'information', 'Staff', 'CEO', 'FinElk', 'France', 'PLEAD', 'developer', 'operator', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', '10 convention', 'services', 'December', 'retrofitting', 'buildings', 'commitments', 'communities', 'Ticker', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23678,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coca-cola-europacific-partners-plc-060000501.html,Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc Announces Q1 Trading Update & Interim Dividend Declaration,Trading Update for the First Quarter ended 31 March 2023 & Interim Dividend Declaration,"UXBRIDGE  UK / ACCESSWIRE / April 25  2023 / Trading Update for the First Quarter ended 31 March 2023 & Interim Dividend DeclarationGood start to the year  confidently reaffirming FY23 guidanceQ1 2023 Change vs 2022 Revenue Volume(UC)[1] Revenue per UC[1] [2] [4] Comparable Volume[2] [3] Revenue per UC[1] [2] [4] FXN[2] [4] Revenue Revenue Europe €3 145m 590m €5.42 5.0% 8.5% 14.0% 12.0% API €1 009m 178m €5.77 0.0% 13.5% 13.5% 11.5% CCEP €4 154m 768m €5.50 4.0% 10.0% 14.0% 12.0%Damian Gammell  Chief Executive Officer  said:""We have had an encouraging start to the year  delivering solid top-line growth as consumers continued to enjoy our portfolio of leading brands across a broad pack offering. Our performance reflects great in-market execution with further growth in the home channel and the tail end of continued recovery of the away from home channel. This resulted in strong volume growth across our developed markets and albeit early in its transformation journey  Indonesia delivered volume growth in the core sparkling category. Our focus on revenue growth management and our headline price and promotion strategy also drove solid gains in revenue per unit case.""Although our first quarter has set us up really well for the rest of the year  it is typically our smallest. We are building on this momentum supported by fantastic activation plans. We remain focused on driving profitable revenue growth and solid free cash flow  and I am pleased to confidently reaffirm our full-year guidance for 2023  despite a dynamic outlook. We are confident that we have the right strategy  done sustainably  to deliver on our ambitious mid-term growth objectives which combined with today's interim dividend declaration  demonstrate the strength and resilience of our business  and our ability to deliver continued shareholder value. All underpinned by our talented and engaged people as well as our strong relationships with The Coca-Cola Company  our other brand partners  and our customers  who continue to share in our success.""Story continuesNote: All footnotes included after the 'About CCEP' sectionQ1 HIGHLIGHTS[2]RevenueQ1 Reported +12.0%; Q1 Fx-neutral +14.0%[4]Continued to deliver the largest revenue growth YTD for our retail customers within FMCG in Europe & within NARTD in Australia & New Zealand [5]NARTD YTD value share gains [5] across measured channels both in store (+10bps) & online (+40bps)Comparable volume +4.0% [3] (Europe: +5.0%; API: flat) reflecting solid in-market execution & underlying demand. In API  the strategic SKU portfolio rationalisation in Indonesia offset continued trading momentum in Australia & New Zealand Away from Home (AFH) channel comparable volume: +5.5% [3] driven by good underlying demand & the tail end of the effects of the pandemic. Immediate consumption (IC) packs continued to recover reflecting increased mobility (+9.5% [6] vs 2022) Home channel comparable volume: +3.0% [3] driven by solid in-market executionRevenue per unit case +10.0% [1] [4] reflecting positive headline price across all markets  alongside favourable pack & channel mix led by the recovery of the AFH channelRecent trading indicating no significant change in underlying consumer demandDividendDeclaring first-half interim dividend per share of €0.67  calculated as 40% of the full-year 2022 dividend. Reaffirming FY23 guidance for an annualised total dividend payout ratio of approximately 50%[7]OtherInnovation highlights: NARTD: Monster Juice & Ultra flavour extensions  What the Fanta Purple rolled out in Europe  Schweppes Melon Watermelon & Peach Coconut Soda Mixers launched in GB ARTD: Jack Daniel's & Coca-Cola ready to drink (RTD) launched in GB & the NetherlandsSustainability highlights: Retained inclusion on Carbon Disclosure Project's A List for Supplier Engagement Rating for fifth consecutive year Recognised  for the third time  in the Financial Times-Statista list of Europe's Climate Leaders Joined 'Open Call to Accelerate Action on Water'  an initiative from the United Nations Global Compact Second industry partnership PET recycling facility on track to open in Australia. The two sites will have the capacity to recycle the equivalent of 2 billion PET bottles each yearFY23 GUIDANCE[2]The outlook for FY23 reflects current market conditions. Guidance is on a comparable & Fx-neutral basisRevenue: comparable growth of 6-8% (unchanged)Driven by price & mix through dynamic headline pricing  including the annualisation of FY22 second headline price increases  & promotional optimisationCost of sales per unit case: comparable growth of ~8% (unchanged)Concentrate directly linked to revenue per unit case through incidence pricing modelCommodity inflation expected to be up ~10% (unchanged)FY23 hedge coverage at ~90%Low overall FX transactional exposure (<10%)Operating profit: comparable growth of 6-7% (unchanged)Continued focus on delivering efficiency programmes & discretionary spend optimisationComparable effective tax rate: ~23% (unchanged)Free cash flow: at least €1.6bn (unchanged)Capital expenditure: 4-5% of revenue excluding leases (unchanged)Dividend payout ratio: ~50%[7] (unchanged)First Quarter Revenue Performance by Geography[2]All values are unaudited & all references to volumes are on a comparable basis versus prior year equivalent period unless stated otherwiseQ1 Fx-neutral € million % change % change Great Britain 689 4.5 % 10.5 % France[9] 535 15.5 % 15.5 % Germany 659 17.5 % 17.5 % Iberia[10] 655 20.5 % 20.5 % Northern Europe[11] 607 4.5 % 7.5 % Total Europe 3 145 12.0 % 14.0 % API[8] 1 009 11.5 % 13.5 % Total CCEP 4 154 12.0 % 14.0 %APIFlat volume reflects strong trading in Australia & New Zealand  benefiting from the recovery of the AFH channel & navigation of industry-wide supply constraints  offset mainly by strategic SKU rationalisation in Indonesia.Coca-Cola Classic  Coca-Cola Zero Sugar & Monster performed well in all markets. In Australia  Fanta & Sprite achieved double-digit volume growth reflecting the strategic focus on Flavours.Revenue/UC[12] growth driven by favourable underlying price in all markets  promotional optimisation in Australia & positive pack & channel mix from the recovery of the AFH channel.FranceVolume growth reflects continued trading momentum in both channels  whilst also cycling some customer disruption in the Home channel last year.Coca-Cola Original Taste & Coca-Cola Zero Sugar performed well  both achieving high single-digit volume growth. Continued strong performance in Fuze tea  achieving double-digit growth across both channels.Revenue/UC[12] growth driven by favourable underlying price from the annualisation of last year's headline price increases  as well as further headline price implemented late in the first quarter of 2023. Positive brand mix also contributed to the growth.GermanyVolume growth  despite further strategic de-listings within the water portfolio  reflects the recovery of the AFH channel following the later removal of covid restrictions last year & soft comparables. Strong trading in the Home channel also supported overall volume growth.Coca-Cola Original Taste  Fanta  Fuze Tea & Monster all performed well  achieving double-digit volume growth.Revenue/UC[12] growth driven by favourable underlying price from the annualisation of the second headline price increase last year & positive pack mix from the recovery of the AFH channel e.g. small glass +21.5%.Great BritainFlat volume reflects resilient trading despite cycling tough comparables following the early rebound of the AFH channel last year.Coca-Cola Zero Sugar continued to perform well  while Dr Pepper & Monster achieved double-digit volume growth.Revenue/UC[12] growth driven predominantly by favourable underlying price from the annualisation of the second headline price increase last year & promotional optimisation.IberiaVolume growth reflects recovery of the AFH channel & soft comparables from cycling covid restrictions last year. Resilient trading in the Home channel also supported overall volume growth.Coca-Cola Original Taste & Coca-Cola Zero Sugar performed well & both Monster & Aquarius achieved double-digit volume growth.Revenue/UC[12] growth driven by favourable underlying price  with further headline pricing implemented in both Spain & Portugal  in addition to positive pack & channel mix from the recovery of the AFH channel e.g. small glass +21.5%.Northern EuropeVolume growth reflects recovery of the AFH channel following the later removal of covid restrictions last year & soft comparables.Coca-Cola Zero Sugar  Fuze Tea & Monster all performed well.Revenue/UC[12] growth driven by favourable underlying price  with further headline pricing implemented in some markets  alongside positive pack & channel mix from the recovery of the AFH channel e.g. small glass +21.5%.First Quarter Volume Performance by Category[2] [3]All values are unaudited & all references to volumes are on a comparable basis versus prior year equivalent period unless stated otherwiseQ1 % of Total % Change Sparkling 85.0 % 4.5 % Coca-Cola® 58.5 % 4.5 % Flavours  Mixers & Energy 26.5 % 5.0 % Stills 15.0 % (1.5) % Hydration 7.5 % 0.5 % RTD Tea  RTD Coffee  Juices & Other[13] 7.5 % (3.5) % Total 100.0 % 4.0 %Coca-Cola®Original Taste +5.5% driven by the recovery of the AFH channel in markets cycling covid restrictions last year.Lights +3.0% reflecting continued solid performance in Coca-Cola Zero Sugar across all markets (+8.0%) supported by innovation & targeted campaigns.Coca-Cola Zero Sugar continued to gain value share[5] (+20bps of total Cola).Flavours  Mixers & EnergyFanta +6.5% driven by the recovery of the AFH channel  with soft comparables from cycling covid restrictions last year. What the Fanta continued to drive excitement with the latest flavour rolling out across Europe.Continuing growth trends in Energy (+15.0%) led by Monster. Innovation & solid in-market execution continued to drive recruitment & distribution.HydrationContinued strong performance in Sports (+14.5%)  offsetting decline in Water. Growth driven by Aquarius & Powerade  both achieving double-digit growth.Water -5.0% driven by strategic exit of Vio large PET in Germany & Indonesia SKU rationalisation.RTD Tea  RTD Coffee  Juices & Other[13]Juice drinks -8.0% reflecting Indonesia SKU rationalisation.RTD Tea +2.0% driven by Fuze Tea (+23.5%) & Nestea (+15.5%) in Europe  partially offset by SKU rationalisation in Indonesia.Costa RTD continues to maintain momentum in GB & Australia continues to benefit from double-digit growth in -196.Conference Call25 April 2023 at 12:00 BST  13:00 CEST & 7:00 a.m. EDT; accessible via www.cocacolaep.comReplay & transcript will be available at www.cocacolaep.com as soon as possibleDividendThe CCEP Board of Directors declared a first-half interim dividend of €0.67 per shareThe interim dividend is payable 25 May 2023 to those shareholders of record on 12 May 2023CCEP will pay the interim dividend in euros to holders of shares on Euronext Amsterdam  the Spanish Stock Exchanges & London Stock ExchangeOther publicly held shares will be converted into an equivalent US dollar amount using exchange rates issued by WM/Reuters taken at 16:00 BST on 25 April 2023. This translated amount will be posted on our website here: https://ir.cocacolaep.com/shareholder-information-and-tools/dividendsFinancial CalendarH1 2023 Results: 3 August 2023ContactsInvestor Relations Sarah Willett Claire Michael Claire Copps Awais Khan +44 7970 145 218 +44 7528 251 033 +44 7980 775 889 +44 7528 251 830 Media Relations Shanna Wendt Nick Carter +44 7976 595 168 +44 7976 595 275About CCEPCoca-Cola Europacific Partners is one of the world's leading consumer goods companies. We make  move and sell some of the world's most loved brands - serving 600 million consumers and helping 2 million customers across 29 countries grow.We combine the strength and scale of a large  multi-national business with an expert  local knowledge of the customers we serve and communities we support.The Company is currently listed on Euronext Amsterdam  the NASDAQ Global Select Market  London Stock Exchange and on the Spanish Stock Exchanges  trading under the symbol CCEP.For more information about CCEP  please visit www.cocacolaep.com & follow CCEP on Twitter at @CocaColaEP.___________________A unit case equals approximately 5.678 litres or 24 8-ounce servings Refer to 'Note Regarding the Presentation of Alternative Performance Measures' for further details & to 'Supplementary Financial Information' for a reconciliation of reported to comparable results; Change percentages against prior year equivalent period unless stated otherwise No selling day shift in Q1; CCEP reported volume +4.0% Comparable & Fx-neutral External date sources: Nielsen & IRI P2 YTD Europe only Dividends subject to Board approval Includes Australia  New Zealand & the Pacific Islands  Indonesia & Papua New Guinea Includes France & Monaco Includes Spain  Portugal & Andorra Includes Belgium  Luxembourg  the Netherlands  Norway  Sweden & Iceland Revenue per unit case RTD refers to ready to drink; Other includes Alcohol & CoffeeForward-Looking StatementsThis document contains statements  estimates or projections that constitute ""forward-looking statements"" concerning the financial condition  performance  results  guidance and outlook  dividends  consequences of mergers  acquisitions and divestitures  strategy and objectives of Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc and its subsidiaries (together CCEP or the Group). Generally  the words ""ambition""  ""target""  ""aim""  ""believe""  ""expect""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""anticipate""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""seek""  ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""should""  ""might""  ""will""  ""forecast""  ""outlook""  ""guidance""  ""possible""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""objective"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements  which generally are not historical in nature.Forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from CCEP's historical experience and present expectations or projections. As a result  undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date on which they are made. These risks include but are not limited to:1. those set forth in the ""Risk Factors"" section of CCEP's 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on 17 March 2023;2. the extent to which COVID-19 will continue to affect CCEP and the results of its operations  financial condition and cash flows will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted  including the scope and duration of the pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic;3. risks and uncertainties relating to the global supply chain  including impact from war in Ukraine and increasing geopolitical tension including in the Asia Pacific region  such as the risk that the business will not be able to guarantee sufficient supply of raw materials  supplies  finished goods  natural gas and oil and increased state-sponsored cyber risks;4. risks and uncertainties relating to the global economy and/or a potential recession in one or more countries  including risks from elevated inflation  price increases  price elasticity  disposable income of consumers and employees  pressure on and from suppliers  increased fraud  and the perception or manifestation of a global economic downturn;5. risks and uncertainties relating to potential global energy crisis  with potential interruptions and shortages in the global energy supply  specifically the natural gas supply in our territories. Energy shortages at our sites  our suppliers and customers could cause interruptions to our supply chain and capability to meet our production and distribution targets; and6. risks and uncertainties relating to potential water use reductions due to regulations by national and regional authorities leading to a potential temporary decrease in production volume.7. Due to these risks  CCEP's actual future financial condition  results of operations  and business activities  including its results  dividend payments  capital and leverage ratios  growth  including growth in revenue  cost of sales per unit case and operating profit  free cash flow  market share  tax rate  efficiency savings  achievement of sustainability goals  including net zero emissions and recycling initiatives  capital expenditures  the results of the acquisition of the minority share of our Indonesian business  and ability to remain in compliance with existing and future regulatory compliance  may differ materially from the plans  goals  expectations and guidance set out in forward-looking statements. These risks may also adversely affect CCEP's share price. Additional risks that may impact CCEP's future financial condition and performance are identified in filings with the SEC which are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. CCEP does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except as required under applicable rules  laws and regulations. Any or all of the forward-looking statements contained in this filing and in any other of CCEP's public statements may prove to be incorrect.Note Regarding the Presentation of Alternative Performance MeasuresWe use certain alternative performance measures (non-GAAP performance measures) to make financial  operating and planning decisions and to evaluate and report performance. We believe these measures provide useful information to investors and as such  where clearly identified  we have included certain alternative performance measures in this document to allow investors to better analyse our business performance and allow for greater comparability. To do so  we have excluded items affecting the comparability of period-over-period financial performance as described below. The alternative performance measures included herein should be read in conjunction with and do not replace the directly reconcilable GAAP measures.For purposes of this document  the following terms are defined:''As reported'' are results extracted from our consolidated financial statements.""Comparable'' is defined as results excluding items impacting comparability  which include restructuring charges  acquisition and integration related costs  inventory fair value step up related to acquisition accounting  the impact of the closure of the GB defined benefit pension scheme  net impact related to European flooding  income arising from the favourable court ruling pertaining to the ownership of certain mineral rights in Australia  impact of a defined benefit plan amendment arising from legislative changes in respect of the minimum retirement age and net tax items relating to rate and law changes. Comparable volume is also adjusted for selling days.''Fx-neutral'' is defined as period results excluding the impact of foreign exchange rate changes. Foreign exchange impact is calculated by recasting current year results at prior year exchange rates.''Capex'' or ""Capital expenditures'' is defined as purchases of property  plant and equipment and capitalised software  plus payments of principal on lease obligations  less proceeds from disposals of property  plant and equipment. Capex is used as a measure to ensure that cash spending on capital investment is in line with the Group's overall strategy for the use of cash.''Free cash flow'' is defined as net cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures (as defined above) and interest paid. Free cash flow is used as a measure of the Group's cash generation from operating activities  taking into account investments in property  plant and equipment and non-discretionary lease and interest payments. Free cash flow is not intended to represent residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures.''Dividend payout ratio'' is defined as dividends as a proportion of comparable profit after tax.Additionally  within this document  we provide certain forward-looking non-GAAP financial Information  which management uses for planning and measuring performance. We are not able to reconcile forward-looking non-GAAP measures to reported measures without unreasonable efforts because it is not possible to predict with a reasonable degree of certainty the actual impact or exact timing of items that may impact comparability throughout year.Unless otherwise stated  percent amounts are rounded to the nearest 0.5%.Supplemental Financial Information - Revenue - Reported to ComparableRevenueRevenue CCEP In millions of €  except per case data which is calculated prior to rounding. FX impact calculated by recasting current year results at prior year rates. First-Quarter Ended 31 March 2023 1 April 2022 % Change As reported and comparable 4 154 3 709 12.0 % Adjust: Impact of fx changes 71 n/a n/a Comparable and fx-neutral 4 225 3 709 14.0 % Revenue per unit case 5.50 5.01 10.0 %Revenue Europe In millions of €  except per case data which is calculated prior to rounding. FX impact calculated by recasting current year results at prior year rates. First-Quarter Ended 31 March 2023 1 April 2022 % Change As reported and comparable 3 145 2 805 12.0 % Adjust: Impact of fx changes 56 n/a n/a Comparable and fx-neutral 3 201 2 805 14.0 % Revenue per unit case 5.42 4.99 8.5 %Revenue API In millions of €  except per case data which is calculated prior to rounding. FX impact calculated by recasting current year results at prior year rates. First-Quarter Ended 31 March 2023 1 April 2022 % Change As reported and comparable 1 009 904 11.5 % Adjust: Impact of fx changes 15 n/a n/a Comparable and fx-neutral 1 024 904 13.5 % Revenue per unit case 5.77 5.09 13.5 %This information is provided by RNS  the news service of the London Stock Exchange. RNS is approved by the Financial Conduct Authority to act as a Primary Information Provider in the United Kingdom. Terms and conditions relating to the use and distribution of this information may apply. For further information  please contact rns@lseg.com or visit www.rns.com.SOURCE: Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plcView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/751030/Coca-Cola-Europacific-Partners-plc-Announces-Q1-Trading-Update-Interim-Dividend-Declaration",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.01,True,English,"['Coca-Cola Europacific Partners plc', 'Q1 Trading Update', 'Interim Dividend Declaration', 'United Nations Global Compact Second industry partnership', 'Low overall FX transactional exposure', 'annualised total dividend payout ratio', 'FY22 second headline price increases', 'NARTD YTD value share gains', 'Immediate consumption (IC) packs', 'Peach Coconut Soda Mixers', 'ambitious mid-term growth objectives', 'Comparable effective tax rate', 'strategic SKU portfolio rationalisation', 'largest revenue growth YTD', 'solid free cash flow', 'AFH) channel comparable volume', 'Home channel comparable volume', 'continued shareholder value', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'core sparkling category', 'fantastic activation plans', 'positive headline price', 'Ultra flavour extensions', 'Schweppes Melon Watermelon', 'Carbon Disclosure Project', 'PET recycling facility', '2 billion PET bottles', 'promotional optimisation Cost', 'incidence pricing model', 'discretionary spend optimisation', 'Interim Dividend Declaration', 'first-half interim dividend', 'dynamic headline pricing', 'broad pack offering', 'Financial Times-Statista list', 'underlying consumer demand', 'current market conditions', 'The Coca-Cola Company', 'other brand partners', 'FY23 hedge coverage', 'strong volume growth', 'solid top-line growth', 'good underlying demand', 'revenue growth management', 'profitable revenue growth', 'fifth consecutive year', 'continued trading momentum', 'solid gains', 'AFH channel', 'Revenue Revenue Europe', 'comparable growth', 'full-year 2022 dividend', '2022 Revenue Volume', 'Good start', 'dynamic outlook', 'strong relationships', 'favourable pack', 'Trading Update', 'Recent trading', 'market execution', 'continued recovery', 'channel mix', 'First Quarter', 'Damian Gammell', 'encouraging start', 'leading brands', 'transformation journey', 'promotion strategy', 'unit case', 'right strategy', 'engaged people', 'New Zealand', 'significant change', 'Innovation highlights', 'Monster Juice', 'Fanta Purple', 'Jack Daniel', 'Sustainability highlights', 'Engagement Rating', 'third time', 'Climate Leaders', 'Open Call', 'two sites', 'Fx-neutral basis', 'Commodity inflation', 'Operating profit', 'efficiency programmes', 'FY23 guidance', 'full-year guidance', 'Q1 2023 Change', 'developed markets', ""CCEP' section"", 'Q1 HIGHLIGHTS', 'retail customers', 'GB ARTD', 'tail end', 'UXBRIDGE', 'UK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'UC', 'FXN', 'API', 'consumers', 'performance', 'great', 'Indonesia', 'focus', 'rest', 'strength', 'resilience', 'business', 'talented', 'Story', 'Note', 'FMCG', 'Australia', 'channels', 'store', 'effects', 'pandemic', 'mobility', 'Netherlands', 'inclusion', 'initiative', 'track', 'capacity', 'equivalent', 'annualisation', 'sales', 'Concentrate', 'unchange', '6']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23679,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2654354/0/en/SIKA-SUCCESSFULLY-PLACES-EUR-2-250-MILLION-TRIPLE-TRANCHE-BONDS.html,SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES EUR 2 250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS,SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES EUR 2 250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS    Sika Capital B.V. in the Netherlands  with a guarantee from Sika AG  today...,"English GermanSIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES EUR 2 250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDSSika Capital B.V. in the Netherlands  with a guarantee from Sika AG  today successfully completed a triple-tranche bond offering with a total amount of EUR 2 250 million. The payment date of the bonds is May 3  2023. The bonds were placed under the global coordination of Citigroup and UBS Investment Bank  with Citigroup  UBS Investment Bank and HSBC acting as Active Bookrunners and Credit Suisse as Passive Bookrunner. The bonds are planned to be listed on the Irish Stock Exchange (""Euronext Dublin"").EUR 500 million bond May 2023 – November 2024 (1.5 years) with a floating coupon of 3mE+20bps payable quarterly.EUR 1 000 million bond May 2023 – November 2026 (3.5 years) with a fixed coupon of 3.750% per annum. The bond was issued at 99.93% which reflects a yield of 3.777%.EUR 750 million bond May 2023 – May 2030 (7 years) with a fixed coupon of 3.750% per annum. The bond was issued at 99.451% which reflects a yield of 3.841%.The net proceeds of the transaction will be used for the financing of the acquisition of the MBCC Group and for general corporate purposes to support the growth strategy of Sika.CONTACTDominik SlappnigCorporate Communications &Investor Relations+41 58 436 68 21slappnig.dominik@ch.sika.comSIKA CORPORATE PROFILESika is a specialty chemicals company with a leading position in the development and production of systems and products for bonding  sealing  damping  reinforcing  and protecting in the building sector and motor vehicle industry. Sika has subsidiaries in 101 countries around the world and manufactures in over 300 factories. Its more than 27 500 employees generated annual sales of CHF 10.49 billion in 2022.The media release can be downloaded from the following link:Media Release",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES', '250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS', 'Sika Capital B.V.', 'UBS Investment Bank', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'specialty chemicals company', 'motor vehicle industry', 'general corporate purposes', 'triple-tranche bond offering', 'EUR 500 million bond', 'EUR 1,000 million bond', 'EUR 750 million bond', 'SIKA SUCCESSFULLY PLACES', 'SIKA CORPORATE PROFILE', '250 MILLION TRIPLE-TRANCHE BONDS', 'Corporate Communications', 'Sika AG', 'English German', 'total amount', 'payment date', 'global coordination', 'Active Bookrunners', 'Credit Suisse', 'Passive Bookrunner', 'Euronext Dublin', 'floating coupon', 'fixed coupon', 'net proceeds', 'MBCC Group', 'growth strategy', 'Dominik Slappnig', 'Investor Relations', 'leading position', 'building sector', 'annual sales', 'media release', 'following link', 'Netherlands', 'guarantee', 'May', 'Citigroup', 'HSBC', 'November', '1.5 years', '3mE+20bps', '3.5 years', 'annum', 'yield', 'transaction', 'financing', 'acquisition', 'CONTACT', 'development', 'production', 'systems', 'products', 'bonding', 'sealing', 'damping', 'subsidiaries', '101 countries', 'world', '300 factories', '27,500 employees', '99.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23680,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2654032/0/en/Vallourec-Invitation-to-Q1-2023-Conference-Call.html,Vallourec: Invitation to Q1 2023 Conference Call,Q1 2023 Results Release and Conference CallWednesday  May 17th  2023  Vallourec will publish First Quarter 2023 Results on May 17th  2023 at 07:30 CET....,Q1 2023 Results Release and Conference CallWednesday  May 17th  2023Vallourec will publish F irst Quarter 202 3 Results on Ma y 17 th   202 3 at 07:30 CET .Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer  and Sascha Bibert  Chief Financial Officer are pleased to invite you to a presentation of the results via conference call and audiocast at 09:30 CET .To connect to the audiocast (live and replay)  please visit: https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/vallourec-en/20230517_1/To participate in the call  please dial:UK (Standard International Access): +44 (0) 33 0551 0200US: +1 786 697 3501FR: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66Password: VallourecThe presentation will be available from 09:00 CET on Vallourec’s website: https://www.vallourec.com/en/investorsAbout VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service.In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.www.vallourec.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Q1 2023 Conference Call', 'Vallourec', 'Invitation', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'cutting edge R&D', 'new generation power plants', 'new technological frontiers', 'F irst Quarter', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Standard International Access', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Q1 2023 Results Release', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'Sascha Bibert', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Ticker VK', 'Conference Call', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'th', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'presentation', 'audiocast', 'royalcast', 'landingpage', 'UK', 'Password', '09:00 CET', 'website', 'investors', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Attachment', '07:30', '09:30']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23681,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYDRATEC-INDUSTRIES-N-V-6077625/news/Hydratec-Industries-N-Growth-in-revenue-at-Hydratec-Industries-43634874/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Hydratec Industries N : Growth in revenue at Hydratec Industries,(marketscreener.com)   Industrial Systems   Revenue at Industrial Systems rose significantly in the first quarter compared to the same period in 2022. In North and South America in particular  revenue was up sharply on last year  resulting in significant…,"Industrial SystemsRevenue at Industrial Systems rose significantly in the first quarter compared to the same period in 2022. In North and South America in particular  revenue was up sharply on last year  resulting in significant growth in the margin. This led to Industrial Systems achieving a better result than last year. Eric Stodel (57) has been appointed chief executive officer (CEO) of Royal Pas Reform with effect from 1 January. He previously held the position of CEO at Neways Electronics. Christiaan van Terheijden (46) has been appointed CEO of Lan Handling Technologies with effect from 1 March. Previously  he was CEO of Minkels within the Legrand Group.Hightech ComponentsRevenue at Hightech Components remained unchanged compared to last year's first quarter. Following the Covid-19 crisis and the subsequent supply chain problems  inventory levels among our customers are going back down  while revenue in the health market is growing strongly. The margin remains at the same level as last year  but operating costs have risen. Personnel costs in particular are higher than last year. The result at Hightech Components was therefore lower than in last year's strong first quarter. A social plan was agreed upon with the unions in April regarding the phase-out of the Hellevoetsluis operations. The necessary provision for this will be made in the second quarter.Bart Aangenendt  CEO of Hydratec:""After a good result in 2022  we kicked off this year with a well-filled order book. Higher inflation and uncertainty seem to be having a damping effect on investment appetite  but even now the order book remains well-filled. The need for food  health and mobility remains as strong as ever  and we are well-positioned to respond to that.""Expectations for the 2023 financial yearHydratec Industries has a well-filled order book. In view of macroeconomic developments such as volatile exchange rates  trade restrictions  supply chain uncertainties and rising inflation  we do not consider it possible to make any concrete pronouncements about 2023.Bart AangenendtCEOHydratec Industries is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam NV stock exchange (ISIN NL0009391242  ticker: HYDRA.)",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.05,0.46,True,English,"['Hydratec Industries N', 'Growth', 'revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam NV stock exchange', 'subsequent supply chain problems', 'volatile exchange rates', 'supply chain uncertainties', 'chief executive officer', 'Royal Pas Reform', 'Christiaan van Terheijden', 'Lan Handling Technologies', 'strong first quarter', 'Bart Aangenendt CEO', 'second quarter', 'Industrial Systems', 'same period', 'South America', 'last year', 'significant growth', 'Eric Stodel', 'Neways Electronics', 'Legrand Group', 'Hightech Components', 'Covid-19 crisis', 'inventory levels', 'same level', 'operating costs', 'Personnel costs', 'social plan', 'Hellevoetsluis operations', 'necessary provision', 'order book', 'Higher inflation', 'investment appetite', '2023 financial year', 'macroeconomic developments', 'trade restrictions', 'rising inflation', 'concrete pronouncements', 'Hydratec Industries', 'health market', 'good result', 'damping effect', 'Revenue', 'North', 'margin', '1 January', 'position', '1 March', 'Minkels', 'customers', 'unions', 'April', 'phase', 'uncertainty', 'need', 'food', 'mobility', 'Expectations', 'view', 'ticker', 'HYDRA.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23682,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JDE-PEET-S-N-V-107634499/news/JDE-Peet-s-to-combine-Out-of-Home-and-CPG-Europe-segments-43626670/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,JDE Peet's to combine Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  25 April 2023 JDE Peet’s   the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to combine its Out-Of-Home and CPG Europe segments  into one European segment under the lead…,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  25 April 2023JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company by revenue  today announced its intention to combine its Out-Of-Home and CPG Europe segments  into one European segment under the leadership of Juan Amat  currently President  CPG Europe.This proposed organisational change will enable the European markets to apply a true omnichannel approach  a model the company successfully applies in all of its other markets. Additionally  it will allow the company to leverage its brands more effectively and reduce complexity.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “Over the last couple of years  we have successfully implemented various initiatives that have strengthened the foundations and improved the performance of our Out-of-Home business. However  we operate in a dynamic environment  and how our customers and consumers engage with us  buy our products  and use our services continues to structurally evolve. Combining our Out-of-Home and CPG Europe segments will allow us to better leverage our brand power and unlock value.”If these proposed changes are effectuated  JDE Peet’s will align its segment reporting with the new organisational model. The reporting of the other segments and the total company is not subject to change.The proposed changes described above are subject to information and/or consultation as applicable regulations require.# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 20 558 1753Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 20 55 81212IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['CPG Europe segments', 'JDE Peet', 'Home', 'true omnichannel approach', 'CPG Europe segments', 'one European segment', 'new organisational model', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'other segments', 'European markets', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Juan Amat', 'organisational change', 'Fabien Simon', 'last couple', 'various initiatives', 'dynamic environment', 'brand power', 'segment reporting', 'applicable regulations', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'other markets', 'total company', 'proposed changes', 'Enquiries Media', 'Home business', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '25 April', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'revenue', 'intention', 'leadership', 'President', 'brands', 'complexity', 'CEO', 'years', 'foundations', 'performance', 'customers', 'consumers', 'products', 'services', 'value', 'information', 'consultation', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,200 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', 'portfolio', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23683,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXCLUSIVE-NETWORKS-S-A-127080818/news/Exclusive-S-A-Terms-of-availability-of-a-registration-document-or-its-updates-43631885/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Exclusive S A : Terms of availability of a registration document or its updates,(marketscreener.com)    EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS   AVAILABILITY OF ITS 2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' GENERAL MEETING OF JUNE 8  2023   BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT - April 25  2023   Exclusive Networks SA announces the filing of its …,EXCLUSIVE NETWORKSAVAILABILITY OF ITS 2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' GENERAL MEETING OF JUNE 8  2023BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT - April 25  2023Exclusive Networks SA (Euronext Paris: EXN) announces the filing of its 2022 Universal Registration Document (document d'enregistrement universel) with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF) under the number R23-014.The 2022 Universal Registration Document includes:the Annual Financial Report  comprising the consolidated financial statements  the Company financial statements  the Management Board report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports the Board of Directors Report on corporate Governance the extra-financial statement of performance extra-financial statement of performance  the information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors the required information in relation to the share repurchase program.2022 Universal Registration Document is available for free to the public in accordance with French law and may be viewed or downloaded on the Company website: www.exclusive-networks-ir.com.The Universal Registration Document is also available (in French only) on the AMF's website:ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS MEETING OF EXCLUSIVE NETWORKS SAThe shareholders' meeting of Exclusive Networks SA will take place on 8 June 2023 at 2:00 pm at the Company' headquarters. Information regarding practical modalities to attend the meeting  the agenda and the draft resolutions shall be disclosed as soon as possible. The shareholders are invited to regularly check the page relating to the Annual General meeting of the Company's website: www.exclusive- networks-ir.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.66,0.34,0.0,True,English,"['Exclusive S A', 'registration document', 'Terms', 'availability', 'updates', ""2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' GENERAL MEETING"", 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'The 2022 Universal Registration Document', 'The Universal Registration Document', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Annual General meeting', 'ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS MEETING', 'Annual Financial Report', 'consolidated financial statements', 'share repurchase program', 'Company financial statements', 'Exclusive Networks SA', 'Management Board report', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'French law', 'Euronext Paris', 'enregistrement universel', 'corporate Governance', 'extra-financial statement', ""Company' headquarters"", 'practical modalities', 'draft resolutions', 'Company website', 'AVAILABILITY', 'ITS', 'JUNE', 'BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT', 'April', 'EXN', 'filing', 'AMF', 'number', 'Directors', 'performance', 'information', 'fees', 'relation', 'public', 'accordance', 'place', 'agenda', 'page', '2:00']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23684,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653546/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 24 April 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions...,Press ReleaseParis – 24 April 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 17 April to 21 April 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-04-17 SELL 50 9.550000 477.50 XAMS 2023-04-19 BUY 3 9.500000 28.50 XAMS 2023-04-19 SELL 10 9.550000 95.50 XAMS 2023-04-20 BUY 97 9.500000 921.50 XAMS 2023-04-21 SELL 396 9.647096 3 820.25 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '24 April', 'shares', '17 April', '21 April', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'SELL', 'XAMS', 'BUY', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23685,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXCLUSIVE-NETWORKS-S-A-127080818/news/Exclusive-S-A-Networks-Availability-Of-Its-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-Annual-Shareholder-43627901/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Exclusive S A : Networks Availability Of Its 2022 Universal Registration Document Annual Shareholders' General Meeting Of June 8  2023,(marketscreener.com)  BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT - April 25  2023   Exclusive Networks SA announces the filing of its 2022 Universal Registration Document with the French Financial Markets Authority under the number R23-014.   The 2022 Universal Registration…,BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT - April 25  2023Exclusive Networks SA (Euronext Paris: EXN) announces the filing of its 2022 Universal Registration Document (document d'enregistrement universel) with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des marchés financiers - AMF) under the number R23-014.The 2022 Universal Registration Document includes:the Annual Financial Report  comprising the consolidated financial statements  the Company financial statements  the Management Board report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports the Board of Directors Report on corporate Governance the extra-financial statement of performance the information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors the required information in relation to the share repurchase program.2022 Universal Registration Document is available for free to the public in accordance with French law and may be viewed or downloaded on the Company website: www.exclusive-networks-ir.com.The Universal Registration Document is also available (in French only) on the AMF's website:The shareholders' meeting of Exclusive Networks SA will take place on 8 June 2023 at 2:00 pm at the Company' headquarters. Information regarding practical modalities to attend the meeting  the agenda and the draft resolutions shall be disclosed as soon as possible. The shareholders are invited to regularly check the page relating to the Annual General meeting of the Company's website: www.exclusive-networks-ir.com.Investors & AnalystsHacene BoumendjelHead of Investor Relationsir@exclusive-networks.comMedia FTI ConsultingEmily Oliver / Tom Blundell+33 (0)1 47 03 68 19exclusivenetworks@fticonsulting.comExclusive Networks (EXN) is a global cybersecurity specialist that provides partners and end-customers with a wide range of services and product portfolios via proven routes to market. With offices in over 45 countries and the ability to serve customers in over 170 countries  we combine a local perspective with the scale and delivery of a single global organisation.Our best-in-class vendor portfolio is carefully curated with all leading industry players. Our services range from managed security to specialist technical accreditation and training and capitalize on rapidly evolving technologies and changing business models. For more information visit www.exclusive-networks.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""2022 Universal Registration Document Annual Shareholders' General Meeting"", 'Exclusive S A', 'Networks Availability', 'June', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'The 2022 Universal Registration Document', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'The Universal Registration Document', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Annual Financial Report', 'consolidated financial statements', 'share repurchase program', 'Media FTI Consulting', 'global cybersecurity specialist', 'single global organisation', 'class vendor portfolio', 'leading industry players', 'specialist technical accreditation', 'Company financial statements', 'Management Board report', 'Annual General meeting', 'Exclusive Networks SA', 'French law', 'Euronext Paris', 'enregistrement universel', 'corporate Governance', 'extra-financial statement', ""Company' headquarters"", 'practical modalities', 'draft resolutions', 'Hacene Boumendjel', 'Investor Relations', 'Emily Oliver', 'Tom Blundell', 'wide range', 'product portfolios', 'proven routes', 'local perspective', 'managed security', 'evolving technologies', 'business models', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Company website', 'BOULOGNE-BILLANCOURT', 'April', 'EXN', 'filing', 'AMF', 'number', 'Directors', 'performance', 'information', 'fees', 'public', 'accordance', 'place', '8 June', 'agenda', 'page', 'Investors', 'Analysts', 'fticonsulting', 'partners', 'end-customers', 'services', 'offices', '45 countries', 'ability', '170 countries', 'scale', 'delivery', 'training', 'changing', '2:00']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23686,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MITHRA-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-22744124/news/Mithra-Releases-Invitation-to-its-General-Shareholders-Meeting-43626512/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders’ Meeting Liege  Belgium  25 April 2023 – 7:30 CET – Mithra   a company dedicated to Women’s Health  today announces the invitation to its general shareholders’ meeting that will be he…,"Mithra Releases Invitation to its General Shareholders’ MeetingLiege  Belgium  25 April 2023 – 7:30 CET – Mithra (Euronext Brussels: MITRA)  a company dedicated to Women’s Health  today announces the invitation to its general shareholders’ meeting that will be held on Tuesday May 25 2023 at 2:00 PM (CEST).The notice for the General Meeting including a description of the formalities to participate in the meeting is available on the website investors.mithra.com.Admission requirementsAs referred in the meeting’s invitation published in the Belgian press  the right to participate in the general shareholder’s meeting and to vote is subject to the prior registration of the shares under the shareholder’s name on 11 May 2023 at midnight (CEST) (the ""Record Date"")  either by way of registration on the company’s share register  or either by way of registration in book entry form in an account held with a settlement institution or a certified account holder  without taking into account the number of shares held by the shareholder at the day of the general meeting. Only persons who are shareholders on the Record Date are entitled to vote at the general meeting.A certification is delivered to the shareholder by the settlement institution or certified account holder which certifies the number of dematerialized shares registered in its accounts under the name of the shareholder on the Record Date  for which the shareholder has expressed its intention to participate in the general meeting.The shareholder indicates his willingness to participate in the General Meeting by 19 May 2023 at the latest. This must be done by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com   or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège.Right to ask questionsThe directors answer questions that are asked by the shareholders  in writing before the meeting  concerning their report or the agenda  in accordance with legal provisions. These questions may be asked prior to the General Meeting by email to the address corporate.secretary@mithra.com or by mail marked for the attention of Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège. These questions must be received by the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest.Further information relating to the abovementioned right and the modalities for exercising them are available on the Company's website ( www.mithra.com ).ProxiesAny shareholder who wish to vote for that meeting shall be represented by a proxy holder determined by the Company.Shareholders wishing to be represented must send the completed and signed proxy form to the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra’s headquarter.Shareholders wishing to vote by mail must send the completed and signed proxy form to the Company on 19 May 2023 at the latest  by email  fax or mail to Mithra’s headquarter.Further information on the exercise of this right is available on the Company’s website ( www.mithra.com ). The proxy and voting forms may be obtained on the Company's website ( www.mithra.com ) or upon request at the Company's registered office  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com .Shareholders wishing to be represented must comply with the registration and confirmation procedure described above.Available documentsAll documents concerning the general meeting that are required by law to be made available to shareholders as well as the text of the amended articles of association following the approval of the amendments proposed on the agenda may be consulted on the Company's website (www.mithra.com) as from 25 April 2023. As from the same date  shareholders have the right to consult these documents on business days and during normal office hours  at the Company's registered office and/or  upon display of their securities  obtain copies of these documents free of charge.Requests for copies may also be made  free of charge  by mail (writing) marked for the attention Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA  Corporate Secretary  5  rue Saint-Georges à 4000 Liège  or by email to corporate.secretary@mithra.com .1 The form must be signed in writing or electronically  with a qualified electronic signature within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 910/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on electronic identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive 1999/93/EC  as amended********For more information  please contact:Alexandra Deschner: +32 (0)4 349 28 22 – investorrelations@mithra.comAbout MithraMithra (Euronext: MITRA) is a Belgian biotech company dedicated to transforming Women’s Health by offering new choices through innovation  with a particular focus on contraception and menopause. Mithra’s goal is to develop products offering better efficacy  safety and convenience  meeting women’s needs throughout their life span. Mithra explores the potential of the unique native estrogen estetrol in a wide range of applications in women health and beyond. After having successfully launched the first estetrol-based product in 2021  the contraceptive pill Estelle®  Mithra is now focusing on its second product Donesta®  the next-generation hormone therapy. Mithra also offers partners a complete spectrum of solutions from early drug development  clinical batches and commercial manufacturing of complex polymeric products (vaginal ring  implants) and complex liquid injectables and biologicals (vials  pre-filled syringes or cartridges) at its technological platform Mithra CDMO. Active in more than 100 countries around the world  Mithra has an approximate headcount of 230 staff members and is headquartered in Liège  Belgium. www.mithra.comESTELLE®  DONESTA® and MYRING® are registered trademarks of Mithra Pharmaceuticals or one of its affiliates.Important informationThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. The Company's actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"[""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Mithra', 'Invitation', 'unique native estrogen estetrol', 'normal office hours', 'qualified electronic signature', 'book entry form', 'Mithra Pharmaceuticals SA', 'certified account holder', 'Belgian biotech company', 'General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Belgian press', 'registered office', 'electronic identification', 'electronic transactions', 'proxy holder', 'Admission requirements', 'Record Date', 'share register', 'settlement institution', 'rue Saint-Georges', '4000 Liège', 'legal provisions', 'voting forms', 'confirmation procedure', 'same date', 'business days', 'EU) No', 'European Parliament', 'trust services', 'internal market', 'Directive 1999/93/EC', 'Alexandra Deschner', 'new choices', 'particular focus', 'life span', 'wide range', 'General Meeting', 'proxy form', 'Further information', 'Euronext Brussels', 'dematerialized shares', 'prior registration', 'Corporate Secretary', 'Available documents', 'women hea', 'Tuesday May', '11 May', '19 May', 'Invitation', 'Liege', 'Belgium', '25 April', '7:30 CET', 'MITRA', 'Health', '2:00 PM', 'notice', 'description', 'formalities', 'website', 'investors', 'right', 'name', 'midnight', 'CEST', 'way', 'number', 'persons', 'certification', 'accounts', 'intention', 'willingness', 'email', 'attention', 'questions', 'directors', 'writing', 'report', 'agenda', 'accordance', 'address', 'modalities', 'Proxies', 'fax', 'headquarter', 'exercise', 'request', 'law', 'text', 'articles', 'association', 'approval', 'amendments', 'display', 'securities', 'copies', 'charge', 'meaning', 'Regulation', 'Council', '23 July', 'investorrelations', 'innovation', 'contraception', 'menopause', 'goal', 'products', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'convenience', 'needs', 'potential', 'applications', '32']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23687,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-examines-the-readiness-of-financial-institutions-in-managing-the-complexities-of-Base-43627239/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Wolters Kluwer examines the readiness of financial institutions in managing the complexities of Basel IV in new whitepaper,(marketscreener.com) Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting shows how an integrated solution for financial risk and regulatory metrics offers greater speed  accuracy  consistency  and operational simplicityhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/…,Wolters Kluwer Finance  Risk & Regulatory Reporting shows how an integrated solution for financial risk and regulatory metrics offers greater speed  accuracy  consistency  and operational simplicityThe recent market turmoil and multiple banks’ collapse exposed the lack of regulatory scrutiny in some areas as well as the absence of standardized capital and regulatory metrics. But  according to a new whitepaper  “Integrating Pillars 1  2 and 3: A Better Way to Basel IV ” from Wolters Kluwer’s Finance  Risk & Reporting (FRR) business  to stay solvent  financial institutions have to be decisive and take proactive decisions based on a comprehensive understanding of exposures  impacts and possible scenario outcomes.While the Basel deadlines and risk and reporting requirements vary by region and jurisdiction  there has been consistency among the frameworks to make implementation and compliance easier. Furthermore  Basel practices will have to fit within existing supervisory architecture. For example  European institutions face more rigorous implementation challenges than their global peers as they must contend with a broad array of regulatory obligations in addition to Basel IV/CRR3 — well intended to guard and protect the ecosystem from procyclical excesses. In other instances  Basel standards are not mandated for institutions of a certain asset size  and such an approach has not been pleasant either.Basel IV impacts all risks with an element of interdependency. “The demands of Basel IV in the treatment of each risk – the increased calculations required  additional types of calculations and analysis  and at greater degrees of granularity – are bound to be more puzzling  indeed  especially for banks that have not made the proper adjustments to their organizational and technological architecture ” says Xavier Dubois  Director  Product Management  Wolters Kluwer FRR.“An enterprise solution that uses a common data source for all operations… [that] integrates both internal and regulatory metrics  enhancing insights and enriching each other  instead of challenging each other’s accuracy and meaningfulness — will enhance the consistency and efficiency of banks’ regulatory processes  demanding fewer resources and allowing smoother navigation through a highly regulated  competitive and ever-evolving financial system ” he concluded.Basel IV and its principles of proportionality and interdependency  and all of the frameworks and requirements derived from them  call for a comprehensive  holistic approach to organization  operation and data. And the implementation challenges only reinforce this idea. Yet too many institutions continue to use atomized methods  maintaining independently acting silos for particular departments  or for discrete pieces of risk and performance  Dubois adds. Be it compliance work and reporting of Pillar 1 data  handling Pillar 2 stress testing and capital planning or Pillar 3 data disclosures  all are different facets of the same risk management function and should be consistent. This is where banks globally leverage OneSumX for Basel — a sophisticated software solution to manage the entire process from data integrity and lineage  through to finance and risk management and into regulatory calculators and reporting.Wolters Kluwer FRR  which is part of the company’s Corporate Performance & ESG division  is a global market leader in the provision of integrated regulatory compliance and reporting solutions. It supports regulated financial institutions in meeting their obligations to external regulators and their own board of directors.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230425005115/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'financial institutions', 'Basel IV', 'new whitepaper', 'readiness', 'complexities', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'same risk management function', 'recent market turmoil', 'possible scenario outcomes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Pillar 2 stress testing', 'existing supervisory architecture', 'multiple banks’ collapse', 'Pillar 3 data disclosures', 'global market leader', 'common data source', 'Wolters Kluwer FRR', 'rigorous implementation challenges', 'comprehensive, holistic approach', 'sophisticated software solution', 'banks’ regulatory processes', 'Wolters Kluwer Finance', 'integrated regulatory compliance', 'regulated financial institutions', 'Pillar 1 data', 'integrated solution', 'global leader', 'FRR) business', 'Product Management', 'comprehensive understanding', 'technological architecture', 'regulated, competitive', 'source version', 'global peers', 'enterprise solution', 'data integrity', 'regulatory metrics', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'regulatory calculators', 'greater speed', 'operational simplicity', 'standardized capital', 'new whitepaper', 'Integrating Pillars', 'Better Way', 'proactive decisions', 'European institutions', 'broad array', 'procyclical excesses', 'other instances', 'asset size', 'additional types', 'greater degrees', 'proper adjustments', 'fewer resources', 'smoother navigation', 'many institutions', 'atomized methods', 'particular departments', 'discrete pieces', 'compliance work', 'capital planning', 'different facets', 'entire process', 'external regulators', 'corporate compliance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'Basel IV', 'Basel deadlines', 'Basel practices', 'Basel standards', 'Corporate Performance', 'financial risk', 'Regulatory Reporting', 'regulatory obligations', 'Xavier Dubois', 'ESG division', 'reporting solutions', 'reporting requirements', 'accuracy', 'consistency', 'lack', 'areas', 'absence', 'exposures', 'impacts', 'region', 'jurisdiction', 'frameworks', 'example', 'ecosystem', 'risks', 'element', 'interdependency', 'demands', 'treatment', 'calculations', 'analysis', 'granularity', 'organizational', 'Director', 'operations', 'internal', 'insights', 'meaningfulness', 'efficiency', 'principles', 'proportionality', 'idea', 'silos', 'OneSumX', 'lineage', 'company', 'provision', 'board', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'services', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23688,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ORANGE-4649/news/Press-Release-Bruno-Zerbib-is-appointed-Chief-Technology-Innovation-Officer-of-the-Orange-group-43628204/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Press Release: Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange group,(marketscreener.com) Press release Paris  25 April 2023 Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange group Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of Orange and member of the Group's Executive Committee…,"Press releaseParis  25 April 2023Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange groupBruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of Orange and member of the Group's Executive Committee from 1 June 2023. He will replace Michaël Trabbia who was appointed Executive Director and CEO of Orange Wholesale as of April 3. Bruno Zerbib was previously Chief Technology and Digital Officer of Schneider Electric.Christel Heydemann  Chief Executive Officer of Orange  commented: “I am delighted to welcome Bruno Zerbib to the Group’s executive management team as director of innovation. As new technologies such as artificial intelligence and network function virtualization become increasingly prevalent  we must strive to remain at the forefront of these new developments to stay ahead in our various markets and before our customers. I would also like to sincerely thank Michaël Trabbia for his tenure as head of innovation.”Bruno Zerbib is a graduate of TélécomSud Paris and the University of Paris Cité where he specialized in IT. He began his career in 1998 in Silicon Valley where he held several positions at Hewlett Packard and then at Cisco. He moved to Yahoo in 2012 where he led the company's transformation into a cloud-native platform capable of handling over one billion monthly users.In 2017  Bruno Zerbib joined Altice as Director of Technology and IT. He worked as part of Altice’s Global Engineering Innovation division on key topics such as augmented TV experience  technology partnerships and network transformation for all of Altice subsidiaries. In 2018  he joined Schneider Electric as Director of Technology and Digital to provide more efficient  sustainable technological solutions to Schneider Electric customers  in particular by integrating the use of the cloud  artificial intelligence and industrial IoT.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com ; +33 6 86 17 88 89Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Bruno Zerbib', 'Chief Technology', 'Innovation Officer', 'Orange group', 'efficient, sustainable technological solutions', 'one billion monthly users', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'TélécomSud Paris', 'Global Engineering Innovation division', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Michaël Trabbia', 'augmented TV experience', 'total customer base', 'executive management team', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'network function virtualization', 'new business model', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '242 million mobile customers', 'Schneider Electric customers', 'Chief Executive Officer', '287 million customers', '43.5 billion euros', 'telecommunication services', 'new technologies', 'new developments', 'Executive Committee', 'leading provider', 'network excellence', 'global IT', 'Innovation Officer', 'Paris Cité', 'Euronext Paris', 'Orange Business', 'Press release', 'Christel Heydemann', 'artificial intelligence', 'various markets', 'Silicon Valley', 'several positions', 'cloud-native platform', 'key topics', 'industrial IoT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'service quality', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Chief Technology', 'Bruno Zerbib', 'Sylvain Bruno', 'network transformation', 'Executive Director', 'Digital Officer', 'Orange Wholesale', 'technology partnerships', 'The Group', 'Tom Wright', 'Altice subsidiaries', 'Orange group', '25 April', 'member', '1 June', 'CEO', 'forefront', 'tenure', 'head', 'graduate', 'University', 'career', 'Packard', 'Cisco', 'Yahoo', 'company', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'symbol', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23689,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653596/0/en/Press-Release-Bruno-Zerbib-is-appointed-Chief-Technology-Innovation-Officer-of-the-Orange-group.html,Press Release: Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange group,Press release  Paris  25 April 2023  Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange group  Bruno Zerbib is appointed......,"English FrenchPress releaseParis  25 April 2023Bruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of the Orange groupBruno Zerbib is appointed Chief Technology & Innovation Officer of Orange and member of the Group's Executive Committee from 1 June 2023. He will replace Michaël Trabbia who was appointed Executive Director and CEO of Orange Wholesale as of April 3. Bruno Zerbib was previously Chief Technology and Digital Officer of Schneider Electric.Christel Heydemann  Chief Executive Officer of Orange  commented: “I am delighted to welcome Bruno Zerbib to the Group’s executive management team as director of innovation. As new technologies such as artificial intelligence and network function virtualization become increasingly prevalent  we must strive to remain at the forefront of these new developments to stay ahead in our various markets and before our customers. I would also like to sincerely thank Michaël Trabbia for his tenure as head of innovation.”Bruno Zerbib is a graduate of TélécomSud Paris and the University of Paris Cité where he specialized in IT. He began his career in 1998 in Silicon Valley where he held several positions at Hewlett Packard and then at Cisco. He moved to Yahoo in 2012 where he led the company's transformation into a cloud-native platform capable of handling over one billion monthly users.In 2017  Bruno Zerbib joined Altice as Director of Technology and IT. He worked as part of Altice’s Global Engineering Innovation division on key topics such as augmented TV experience  technology partnerships and network transformation for all of Altice subsidiaries. In 2018  he joined Schneider Electric as Director of Technology and Digital to provide more efficient  sustainable technological solutions to Schneider Electric customers  in particular by integrating the use of the cloud  artificial intelligence and industrial IoT.About OrangeOrange is one of the world’s leading telecommunications operators with sales of 43.5 billion euros in 2022 and 136 000 employees worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 75 000 employees in France. The Group has a total customer base of 287 million customers worldwide at 31 December 2022  including 242 million mobile customers and 24 million fixed broadband customers. The Group is present in 26 countries. Orange is also a leading provider of global IT and telecommunication services to multinational companies under the brand Orange Business. In February 2023  the Group presented its strategic plan ""Lead the Future""  built on a new business model and guided by responsibility and efficiency. ""Lead the Future"" capitalizes on network excellence to reinforce Orange's leadership in service quality.Orange is listed on Euronext Paris (symbol ORA) and on the New York Stock Exchange (symbol ORAN).For more information on the internet and on your mobile: www.orange.com   www.orange-business.com and the Orange News app or to follow us on Twitter: @orangegrouppr.Orange and any other Orange product or service names included in this material are trademarks of Orange or Orange Brand Services Limited.Press contacts:Sylvain Bruno; sylvain.bruno@orange.com ; +33 6 86 17 88 89Tom Wright; tom.wright@orange.com ; +33 6 78 91 35 11Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Bruno Zerbib', 'Chief Technology', 'Innovation Officer', 'Orange group', 'efficient, sustainable technological solutions', 'one billion monthly users', 'New York Stock Exchange', '24 million fixed broadband customers', 'TélécomSud Paris', 'Global Engineering Innovation division', 'Orange Brand Services Limited', 'Michaël Trabbia', 'augmented TV experience', 'total customer base', 'executive management team', 'leading telecommunications operators', 'network function virtualization', 'new business model', 'Orange News app', 'other Orange product', '242 million mobile customers', 'Schneider Electric customers', 'Chief Executive Officer', '287 million customers', '43.5 billion euros', 'telecommunication services', 'new technologies', 'new developments', 'Executive Committee', 'leading provider', 'network excellence', 'global IT', 'Innovation Officer', 'Paris Cité', 'Euronext Paris', 'Orange Business', 'English French', 'Press release', 'Christel Heydemann', 'artificial intelligence', 'various markets', 'Silicon Valley', 'several positions', 'cloud-native platform', 'key topics', 'industrial IoT', 'multinational companies', 'strategic plan', 'service quality', 'symbol ORAN', 'service names', 'Press contacts', 'Chief Technology', 'Bruno Zerbib', 'Sylvain Bruno', 'network transformation', 'Executive Director', 'Digital Officer', 'Orange Wholesale', 'technology partnerships', 'The Group', 'Tom Wright', 'Altice subsidiaries', 'Orange group', '25 April', 'member', '1 June', 'CEO', 'forefront', 'tenure', 'head', 'graduate', 'University', 'career', 'Packard', 'Cisco', 'Yahoo', 'company', 'world', 'sales', '136,000 employees', '31 December', '75,000 employees', 'France', '26 countries', 'February', 'Future', 'responsibility', 'efficiency', 'leadership', 'information', 'internet', 'Twitter', 'orangegrouppr', 'material', 'trademarks', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23690,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASM-INTERNATIONAL-N-V-6312/news/ASM-International-N-V-reports-first-quarter-2023-43634901/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,ASM International N.V. reports first quarter 2023,(marketscreener.com) Almere  The Netherlands April 25  2023  6 p.m. CETASM International N.V. today reports its first quarter 2023 operating results . Strong Q1 revenue with lower orders reflecting softening market conditions Financial highlights € millionQ1 …,Almere  The NetherlandsApril 25  2023  6 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today reports its first quarter 2023 operating results (unaudited).Strong Q1 revenue with lower orders reflecting softening market conditionsFinancial highlights€ million Q1 2022 Q4 2022 Q1 2023 New orders 705.7 828.6 647.4 YoY change % at constant currencies 65% 26% (6) % Revenue 516.9 724.8 710.0 YoY change % at constant currencies 25% 42% 40% Normalized gross profit margin 1) 47.8% 46.9% 51.1% Normalized operating result 1) 143.0 189.8 221.2 Normalized operating result margin 1) 27.7% 26.2% 31.2% Share in income of investments in associates (excluding amortization intangible assets resulting from the sale of ASMPT stake 2013) 23.7 8.3 9.4 Amortization intangible assets (resulting from the sale of ASMPT stake in 2013) (3.2) (3.5) (3.4) Reversal of impairment of investments in associates — 106.1 215.4 Net earnings 142.5 236.6 380.4 Normalized net earnings 2) 145.7 142.4 183.01 Excluding amortization of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocations (before tax)2 Excluding amortization of fair value adjustments from purchase price allocations (net of tax)  change in fair value of the contingent consideration (LPE earn-out) and impairment reversal of ASMPTNew orders of €647 million for the first quarter 2023 decreased by 6% at constant currencies compared to the same period last year (decreased 11% as reported).Year-on-year revenue growth for the first quarter 2023 was 40% at constant currencies (37% as reported).Normalized gross profit margin of 51.1%  excluding PPA expenses in the first quarter 2023  improved compared to 47.8% in the same quarter last year  mainly explained by mix.Normalized operating result for the first quarter 2023  excluding PPA expenses  improved from €143 million last year to €221 million this year due to strong revenue growth.Net earnings included a non-cash reversal of €215 million  with the previous impairment of the ASMPT stake fully reversed at the end of Q1  reflecting the recovery in the market valuation of ASMPT.Net earnings included a negative impact of €15 million (net of tax) relating to PPA expenses. Normalized net earnings for the first quarter 2023 were €183 million  up from €146 million in Q1 last year  and included a translation loss of €7 million compared to a translation gain of €9 million in Q1 2022 and a translation loss of €36 million in Q4 2022.Details of (estimated) amortization and earn-out expenses (PPA expenses) relating to the 2022 acquisitions of LPE and Reno are found in Annex 2.Comment“ASM delivered good first quarter results. Revenue increased 40% at constant currencies to €710 million ” said Benjamin Loh  President and CEO of ASM. “Revenue exceeded previous guidance of €660-700 million due to some systems that were delivered in Q1 instead of Q2 at the request of customers  and supported by the strong order backlog at the end of Q4. Gross margin increased to 51% due to an exceptionally strong mix. With operating expenses under control  operating profit increased by 17% compared to previous quarter to a record high of €221 million. Supported by improved profitability  free cash flow increased to €155 million. At €647 million  orders in Q1 were still at healthy level  but down 6% at constant currencies year on year and reflected softening market conditions towards the end of the quarter.Demand in the memory market further weakened in Q1 and is expected to remain at low levels in the remainder of the year. Logic/foundry demand for the advanced nodes is relatively more resilient  but recently we have also seen a number of push-outs in this segment reflecting softer end-market conditions and some delays in new customer fab readiness. These push-outs will impact our expected orders in Q2 and Q3. Following expected growth in the first half of the year  we expect a decrease in the second half sales of 10% or more compared to the first half  which is a lower level of revenue in the second half than we previously projected.For the full year 2023  we expect revenue to show a single digit increase  at constant currencies and including the consolidation of LPE. This compares to overall wafer equipment spending which is now forecasted to decline by approximately a high teens percentage this year.ASM remains well positioned for the next nodes. In logic/foundry we expect the transition to the next generation gate-all-around (GAA) technology to drive meaningful share of wallet gains  and to support our order intake as per the end of 2023.OutlookOn a currency-comparable level  we expect revenue of a €650-690 million for Q2. Based on the current visibility  and reflecting aforementioned order push-outs  we project  following expected growth in the first half  a decrease in sales in the second half of 10% or more compared to the first half of the year.Wafer fab equipment (WFE) is expected to drop by a high teens percentage in 2023  down from a previous forecast of a mid to high teens percentage drop. We expect to again outperform the WFE market this year.Memory WFE is expected to decline by a significant double-digit percentage.In the logic/foundry market  spending on the advanced nodes is still expected to be at a good level in 2023  but lower than previously expected  particularly in the second half of the year. This is partly offset by stronger market spending in the older node segments of the logic/foundry market.Annual General MeetingOn March 31  2023  ASM published the agenda  convocation and other materials for the 2023 Annual General Meeting (AGM)  to be held on May 15  2023  which  as also earlier announced  includes amongst others:A new remuneration policy for the Management Board;declare a regular dividend of €2.50 per common share over 2022;re-appoint KPMG Accountants N.V. for the financial year 2023 and 2024; andapprove the annual accounts of 2022.Please refer to the AGM documents available on our website for more detailed information.Share buyback programIn February 2022  ASM announced a new share buyback program of up to €100 million to be executed within the 2022/2023 time frame. ASM announces today that this program will commence on April 27  2023  and will end as soon as the aggregate purchase price of the common shares acquired by ASM has reached €100 million  but ultimately on November 15  2023. ASM has the intention to reduce its capital by withdrawing the shares repurchased as part of this share buyback program  save for such number of treasury shares as maybe necessary to fund ongoing share and option programs for employees and board members. The repurchase program is part of ASM's commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders through share buybacks.Progress of the share buyback program will be updated on a weekly basis  starting on May 1  2023. This information will be published on our website.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  April 26  2023  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast  and replay will be accessible at this link.ContactInvestor and media relationsVictor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.76,0.11,0.13,True,English,"['ASM International N.V.', 'first quarter', 'mid to high teens percentage drop', 'overall wafer equipment spending', 'new customer fab readiness', 'ASM International N.V.', 'good first quarter results', 'first quarter 2023 operating results', 'Wafer fab equipment', 'purchase price allocations', 'softer end-market conditions', 'single digit increase', 'softening market conditions', 'free cash flow', 'fair value adjustments', 'strong order backlog', 'gross profit margin', 'operating result margin', 'second half sales', 'strong revenue growth', 'Amortization intangible assets', 'Strong Q1 revenue', 'record high', 'Gross margin', 'year revenue growth', 'operating profit', 'first half', 'market valuation', 'operating expenses', 'memory market', 'New orders', 'order intake', 'same quarter', 'previous quarter', 'strong mix', 'cash reversal', 'The Netherlands', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Financial highlights', 'constant currencies', 'Net earnings', 'contingent consideration', 'same period', 'PPA expenses', 'negative impact', 'translation loss', 'translation gain', 'out expenses', 'Benjamin Loh', 'previous guidance', 'healthy level', 'low levels', 'Logic/foundry demand', 'advanced nodes', 'lower level', 'next nodes', 'next generation', 'meaningful share', 'wallet gains', 'currency-comparable level', 'current visibility', 'previous forecast', 'lower orders', 'expected orders', 'previous impairment', 'order push-outs', 'ASMPT stake', 'full year', 'WFE m', 'impairment reversal', '0.0 YoY change', '4 YoY', 'Almere', 'April', 'CET', 'income', 'investments', 'associates', 'tax', 'recovery', 'Q4', 'Details', '2022 acquisitions', 'LPE', 'Reno', 'Annex', 'Comment', 'President', 'CEO', 'systems', 'Q2', 'request', 'customers', 'control', 'profitability', 'remainder', 'number', 'segment', 'delays', 'decrease', 'consolidation', 'transition', 'GAA', 'technology', 'Outlook', '6']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23691,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Atos-launches-testing-operations-for-the-critical-IT-applications-of-Olympic-and-Paralympic-Games-Pa-43628444/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Atos launches testing operations for the critical IT applications of Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024,(marketscreener.com) Press release Atos launches testing operations for the critical IT applications of Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 250 000 testing hours  +150 applications Paris  France – April 25  2023 – Atos today announces that it has launched…,"Press releaseAtos launches testing operations for the critical IT applications of Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024250 000 testing hours  +150 applicationsParis  France – April 25  2023 – Atos today announces that it has launched a campaign to test more than 150 critical IT applications dedicated to managing and broadcasting the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. These tests are conducted by the Atos Integration Testing Lab (ITL) in Madrid  partnering with the International Olympic Committee (IOC)  the Paris 2024 Organizing Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (OCOG)  international sports federations and technology partners across the board.This campaign aims to validate operations for various systems that are key to a successful Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. Moreover  the campaign seeks to sustain best-in-class services during the event – irrespective of scenarios and peak periods in addition to verifying operational procedures and interfaces with external providers and reporting test progress to the IOC  OCOG as well as technology and sports partners.In 15 months' time  by the Opening Ceremony of the Olympic Games Paris 2024  the ITL will have conducted 250 000 hours of testing. To date  the tests are performed using real data and scenarios from previous Olympic Games. Effective July 2023  the ITL will introduce new data from the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 qualifying events to its test campaigns.Currently  around 60 Atos experts are spearheading the test campaigns from operational units dedicated to each sport and competition venue  spread over the 1 000 m2 area of the ITL.The ITL is able to accurately replicate the IT environment for deployment during the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 and to test the performance of the Olympic Management System (OMS) and the Olympic Diffusion System (ODS). Both application suites deliver essential services to all event stakeholders  encompassing athletes  coaches  commentators  fans and organizing partners. Together  they ensure centralized information and interaction between the various stakeholders.The Olympic Management System (OMS) is responsible for the 500 000 accreditations  competitions schedule  voting applications for athletes participating in IOC decision-making processes within the Athletes' Commission  the Volunteers' Portal and the management of operational teams.is responsible for the 500 000 accreditations  competitions schedule  voting applications for athletes participating in IOC decision-making processes within the Athletes' Commission  the Volunteers' Portal and the management of operational teams. The Olympic Diffusion System (ODS) is tasked with the real-time announcement of results for the 878 sporting events for media and the Olympic and Paralympic family. It includes the ""Commentator Information System"" (CIS) which provides broadcasters with results and statistics from the field as well as background information on athletes. Journalists not covering the competitions from Paris can use the MyInfo application available from their desktops  smartphones or tablets to follow the news published by the Olympic News Services. The Web Results System (WRS) and the Mobile Results Application (RMA) provide results information to millions of supporters around the world. Another key component is the Olympic Data Feed (ODF) which centralizes the results and statistics collected by the On-Venue Results (OVR) system.Fully aware of the environmental issues at stake  Atos has deployed a sustainable and replicable operating solution since the Olympic and Paralympic Games PyeongChang 2018. The latter is based on three longstanding forms of IT structure – at once autonomous and complementary – which are designed to considerably reduce the number of servers and the environmental impact of IT around the Olympic Games. Based on this approach  Atos more than halved the number of physical servers used at Tokyo 2020 in comparison to previous events. This model enlists the ITL in Madrid  the Central Technology Operations Center (CTOC) which oversees operations from Barcelona  and the Technology Command and Control Center (TOC) located in the host city during competitions.""With respect to intensity and discipline  the upcoming test operations resemble the training schedule of an elite sportsperson. Paris 2024 has every confidence in Atos' experience as a leader of such campaigns  not to mention the robustness of its technological capabilities. From its ITL base in Madrid  Atos is already testing out the critical applications to deliver an unforgettable experience to the Olympic and Paralympic family next summer  in 2024."" said Bruno Marie-Rose  Chief Information and Technology Officer  Paris 2024.""Paris 2024 looks set to be the most 'connected' in the history of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. To this end  our ITL teams are fully mobilized with the Olympic authorities and their technological partners during this critical testing stage. During such phases  we are increasing data volumes in anticipation of the demands on our systems to ensure their reliability."" said Patrick Adiba  Senior Executive Vice-President and Head of Major Events  Atos.Atos has been a leading IT provider to the Olympic Movement since 1989  when the Company served the Organizing Committee of the Olympic Games Barcelona 1992. Atos became the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic Games in 2001. Atos is also the Official Digital Technology Partner of the European Olympic Committee for the 2023 and 2027 editions of the European Games and the Official Technology Partner of the UEFA National Team Football until 2030.To learn more about Atos solutions for major events  please visit Sports & major events - Atos.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsAtos: Isabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88Paris 2024: Elise Decoster | EDecoster@paris2024.org | +33 (0)6 82 59 43 10Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,positive,0.58,0.41,0.0,True,English,"['critical IT applications', 'testing operations', 'Paralympic Games', 'Atos', 'Olympic', 'Paralympic Games Paris 2024 qualifying events', 'The Web Results System', 'The Olympic Diffusion System', 'Atos Integration Testing Lab', 'Central Technology Operations Center', 'The Olympic Management System', 'replicable operating solution', 'three longstanding forms', 'international sports federations', 'Commentator Information System', 'critical testing stage', 'International Olympic Committee', 'IOC decision-making processes', 'Mobile Results Application', 'Olympic Data Feed', 'upcoming test operations', 'previous Olympic Games', 'Paris 2024 Organizing Committee', 'critical IT applications', 'Olympic News Services', 'previous events', 'OVR) system', '878 sporting events', 'Control Center', 'The ITL', 'critical applications', 'testing operations', 'Paralympic family', 'class services', 'application suites', 'essential services', 'MyInfo application', 'sports partners', 'real data', 'new data', 'data volumes', 'IT environment', 'centralized information', 'background information', 'results information', 'IT structure', 'Technology Command', 'Chief Information', 'Technology Officer', 'successful Olympic', 'Olympic authorities', 'Press release', 'various systems', 'peak periods', 'operational procedures', 'external providers', ""15 months' time"", 'Opening Ceremony', 'operational units', 'competition venue', '1,000 m2 area', 'various stakeholders', 'voting applications', ""Volunteers' Portal"", 'operational teams', 'real-time announcement', 'key component', 'Venue Results', 'environmental issues', 'environmental impact', 'host city', 'training schedule', 'elite sportsperson', 'technological capabilities', 'unforgettable experience', 'Bruno Marie-Rose', 'technology partners', '250,000 testing hours', 'technological partners', 'test campaigns', '60 Atos experts', ""Atos' experience"", 'event stakeholders', 'competitions schedule', 'physical servers', 'ITL base', 'ITL teams', ""Athletes' Commission"", '150 applications', '250,000 hours', 'France', 'April', 'tests', 'Madrid', 'OCOG', 'board', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'interfaces', 'progress', 'date', 'deployment', 'performance', 'OMS', 'coaches', 'commentators', 'fans', 'interaction', '500,000 accreditations', 'media', 'broadcasters', 'statistics', 'field', 'Journalists', 'desktops', 'smartphones', 'tablets', 'WRS', 'millions', 'supporters', 'world', 'ODF', 'sustainable', 'PyeongChang', 'latter', 'number', 'approach', 'Tokyo', 'comparison', 'model', 'CTOC', 'Barcelona', 'respect', 'intensity', 'discipline', 'confidence', 'leader', 'robustness', 'history', 'end', 'phases', 'anticipation', 'dem']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23692,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Ukraine-s-grain-export-success-placates-market-despite-Russia-s-threats-Braun--43636681/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Ukraine's grain export success placates market despite Russia's threats -Braun,(marketscreener.com) Ukraine hasshipped significantly more grain over the last several monthsthan originally expected  especially corn  easing worries thatwere prominent last year over the countrys export program. But Russia now claims it will not suppor…,NAPERVILLE  Illinois  April 25 (Reuters) - Ukraine has shipped significantly more grain over the last several months than originally expected  especially corn  easing worries that were prominent last year over the country's export program.But Russia now claims it will not support the Black Sea grain deal beyond May 18 due to obstacles on its own food and fertilizer exports. That deal was signed last July to allow shipments from Ukrainian seaports  overseen jointly by Russia  Ukraine  Turkey and the United Nations.Traders seem more focused on the grain deal's recent success than the risk to Ukrainian exports should Russia cease to cooperate. Chicago wheat futures on Tuesday hit their lowest levels since July 2021  and Euronext wheat sits at 19-month lows this week.That sentiment is not necessarily unreasonable given how poor initial expectations were.For example  the U.S. Department of Agriculture currently forecasts 2022-23 Ukrainian wheat and corn exports at 14.5 million and 25.5 million tonnes  up from a respective 10 million and 9 million predicted last July just before the deal's launch.That compares with December predictions of wheat at 12.5 million tonnes and corn at 17.5 million.The export deficit versus year-ago is becoming much less alarming. As of Monday  Ukraine's 2022-23 grain exports were down about 11% from the same date last year compared with margins of 18% in late March and 27% in late February.The severe limitation of exports at this time last year is not the only explanation for the narrowing deficit. Export numbers published by Ukraine's ministry suggest both wheat and corn exports in the last couple of months have been above recent years' averages.But that could change in the 2023-24 season  beginning July 1  as Ukrainian grain crops are expected to shrink from last year on smaller planted area. Oilseeds are seen benefitting from lighter grain plantings.PRODUCTION VS CONSUMPTIONA look at Ukraine's corn balance sheet reveals the critical role of leftover stocks from the prior harvest in the country's export potential this season. According to USDA data  Ukrainian corn exports in 2022-23 will represent 94% of the year's corn harvest.Normally that number would be below 80%  though it reached a high of 85% four years ago following a huge record harvest.The unsustainability of such a high export rate is also evident by the fact that Ukraine's total corn use in 2022-23 is seen topping production by 4.7 million tonnes  or 17% of the total harvest. That had never been more than 2% in previous years  and it implies a smaller corn crop this year could lead to a relatively larger drop in exports.The same may happen with next year's wheat shipments. Total wheat use is seen exceeding the crop size by 12% in 2022-23  a 10-year high. Exports are seen accounting for about 69% of the 2022-23 harvest versus a five-year  pre-war average around 67%.DISSATISFYING DESTINATIONSRussia has complained since the start of the grain deal that not enough Ukrainian supplies are being shipped to poor countries. Putting potential price barriers aside  that claim is somewhat accurate  but it likely ignores re-exported products.Recently published USDA data shows Ukraine shipped 8.4 million tonnes of wheat between July and December 2022  down 47% on the same period a year earlier. Some 49% of that 2022 volume went to European Union countries versus 2% in the same time frame in 2021.Other destinations experienced the opposite. African nations represented the largest share of Ukrainian wheat exports between July and December 2021 at 34%  but shipments over the same period in 2022 were 80% lighter. Shipments to all Asian destinations were down more than 80%  also.Before Ukrainian seaports resumed operations in August  overland transport through Europe was the primary route for Ukrainian goods. That movement has continued  so larger volumes of Ukrainian grain into Europe is unsurprising. The USDA figures do not separate re-exported wheat  but the agency mentioned Romania may have trans-shipped most of the arrivals.Just over half of the wheat exports to EU nations between July and December 2022 were to neighboring Romania  Poland  Hungary or Slovakia  still potentially suggesting an unusual rise of exports to the bloc.The inflow of cheap Ukrainian grain has driven down prices in European neighbors  angering farmers and leading some countries to propose bans on Ukrainian goods. The EU last week proposed compensation packages for farmers as well as restrictions on Ukrainian grain imports. Karen Braun is a market analyst for Reuters. Views expressed above are her own.(Writing by Karen Braun Editing by Matthew Lewis),negative,0.02,0.13,0.86,mixed,0.06,0.12,0.82,True,English,"['grain export success', 'Ukraine', 'market', 'Russia', 'threats', 'Braun', 'Black Sea grain deal', 'U.S. Department', 'smaller planted area', 'five-year, pre-war average', 'lighter grain plantings', 'enough Ukrainian supplies', 'poor initial expectations', 'potential price barriers', 'The USDA figures', 'corn balance sheet', 'huge record harvest', 'Ukrainian grain crops', 'cheap Ukrainian grain', 'Ukrainian grain imports', 'Chicago wheat futures', ""recent years' averages"", 'total corn use', 'smaller corn crop', 'Total wheat use', 'European Union countries', 'last several months', 'same time frame', '2022-23 Ukrainian wheat', 'high export rate', '2022-23 grain exports', 'Ukrainian corn exports', 'Ukrainian wheat exports', 'total harvest', '2022-23 harvest', 'export potential', 'Ukrainian seaports', 'Ukrainian goods', 'recent success', 'previous years', 'crop size', 'poor countries', 'European neighbors', 'Ukrainian exports', 'corn harvest', 'last couple', 'USDA data', 'same date', 'same period', 'export program', 'export deficit', 'Export numbers', 'prior harvest', 'United Nations', 'lowest levels', 'Euronext wheat', '19-month lows', 'late March', 'late February', 'severe limitation', 'narrowing deficit', '2023-24 season', 'critical role', 'leftover stocks', 'larger drop', 'DISSATISFYING DESTINATIONS', 'Other destinations', 'African nations', 'largest share', 'Asian destinations', 'overland transport', 'primary route', 'larger volumes', 'unusual rise', 'compensation packages', 'Karen Braun', 'market analyst', 'Matthew Lewis', 'fertilizer exports', 'last year', '25.5 million tonnes', 'respective 10 million', '12.5 million tonnes', '4.7 million tonnes', '8.4 million tonnes', 'PRODUCTION VS', 'next year', 'EU nations', 'neighboring Romania', 'December predictions', 'wheat shipments', '14.5 million', 'NAPERVILLE', 'Illinois', 'April', 'Reuters', 'Ukraine', 'worries', 'country', 'Russia', 'May', 'obstacles', 'food', 'Turkey', 'Traders', 'risk', 'Tuesday', 'July', 'sentiment', 'example', 'Agriculture', 'launch', 'Monday', 'margins', 'explanation', 'ministry', 'Oilseeds', 'CONSUMPTION', 'look', 'unsustainability', 'fact', 'start', 'claim', 'products', '2022 volume', 'opposite', 'operations', 'August', 'movement', 'agency', 'arrivals', 'half', 'Poland', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'bloc', 'inflow', 'prices', 'farmers', 'bans', 'restrictions', 'Views']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23693,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2654519/0/en/UPDATED-Google-and-EDPR-Partner-on-500-MW-AC-Environmental-Justice-Program-Marking-the-Largest-Corporate-Backing-of-Distributed-Solar-in-the-U-S.html,UPDATED: Google and EDPR Partner on 500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program  Marking the Largest Corporate Backing of Distributed Solar in the U.S.,Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC. Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totalin…,New York  New York  April 25  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Google and EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC (EDPR NA DG)  the distributed generation (DG) business unit of EDP Renewables North America (EDPR NA)  are pleased to announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC . The deal aligns with an environmental justice program benefiting over 25 000 families in low-to-moderate income (LMI) communities—with an initial focus on projects in the PJM Interconnection service area  which stretches from New Jersey to Ohio. The initial projects will be built in Ohio  where Google operates a data center campus in New Albany and Google Cloud region in Columbus.The unparalleled transaction with Google marks the largest corporate sponsorship of distributed solar development in the United States  according to data from S&P Global and BloombergNEF.The initiative  named the Clean Energy Financial Benefit Sharing Program  will be funded  in part  through Google’s purchase of a novel renewable energy credit (REC) called the ImpactREC™.The ImpactREC™  like other traditional RECs  is generated in and eligible for the applicable compliance market; however  its minting carries additional covenants certifying direct community investment and direct LMI benefit. The ImpactREC™ program synthetically provides similar economic benefits of community solar in jurisdictions currently lacking supportive legislation. The EDPR NA DG team  led by Christopher Rittenhouse and Adam Woda  collaborated with Google over the last two years to conceive and develop the ImpactREC™ product and its supporting framework agreement.“What we heard through interviews with local community leaders and Environmental Justice advocates was that the disproportionate impact of high energy burden remains a primary barrier to an equitable energy transition. Partnering with EDPR NA DG  we aim to reduce energy burden in the communities where we operate  while progressing toward our 24/7 carbon-free energy goal ” said Sana Ouji  Energy Lead  Google. “We are grateful to EDPR for their partnership  collaboration and steady focus on our shared mission  and excited to have the opportunity to contribute to our data center communities by extending the benefits of our clean energy investments.”“We’re proud to collaborate with Google on such an innovative and impactful program that speaks to our values ” added Gustavo Monteiro  EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer. “We are appreciative to Google for anchoring the ImpactREC™ and are looking forward to increasing participation throughout the compliance procurement community as our industry expands this product.”In addition to the ImpactREC™ purchase  the program includes the creation of a community impact fund valued at $12 million. The fund focuses on initiatives reducing energy poverty in the communities where the projects are built. Google and EDPR NA DG are committed to localized social and economic justice as part of the transition to a sustainable future.The initiative is made possible partly because of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) passed in 2022  which includes landmark tax incentives for domestic energy production and manufacturing. The ImpactREC™ leverages these incentives to provide direct investment into communities throughout the Midwest and Northeast and enable economic benefits for LMI communities.Additional Resources and Media Assets:About EDPR NA Distributed Generation:At EDPR NA Distributed Generation (EDPR NA DG)  accelerating the adoption and success of distributed generation is at the core of our mission. EDPR NA DG provides cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services to the entire North American region. Built on long-standing relationships with developers  power generators  corporate purchasers  municipalities  and local communities  EDPR NA DG delivers a full suite of offerings ranging from financing and development to construction and operation of energy and storage assets poised to scale. For more information  visit www.edprnadg.com.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.11,0.31,True,English,"['500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program', 'Largest Corporate Backing', 'EDPR Partner', 'Distributed Solar', 'U.S.', 'Google', 'EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer', 'cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC', 'The EDPR NA DG team', 'PJM Interconnection service area', 'novel renewable energy credit', '24/7 carbon-free energy goal', 'entire North American region', 'largest renewable energy producer', '80 distributed solar PV projects', 'EDP Renewables North America', 'renewable energy sector', 'largest corporate sponsorship', 'other traditional RECs', 'applicable compliance market', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'market-leading operating capacity', 'clean energy investments', 'domestic energy production', 'compliance procurement community', 'distributed solar development', 'Environmental Justice advocates', 'S&P Global', 'last two years', 'high energy burden', 'data center campus', 'first class assets', 'local community leaders', 'sound development pipeline', 'direct LMI benefit', 'supporting framework agreement', 'landmark tax incentives', 'direct community investment', 'equitable energy transition', 'environmental justice program', 'Google Cloud region', 'similar economic benefits', 'community impact fund', 'The ImpactREC™ program', 'data center communities', 'community solar', 'direct investment', 'economic justice', 'Energy Financial', 'Energy Lead', 'energy poverty', 'Latin America', 'disproportionate impact', 'corporate purchasers', 'global leader', 'recent years', 'Media Assets', 'storage assets', 'impactful program', 'exceptional development', 'local communities', 'LMI) communities', 'LMI communities', 'New York', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '500 MW AC', 'moderate income', 'initial focus', 'New Jersey', 'initial projects', 'New Albany', 'unparalleled transaction', 'United States', 'additional covenants', 'supportive legislation', 'Christopher Rittenhouse', 'Adam Woda', 'primary barrier', 'Sana Ouji', 'steady focus', 'Gustavo Monteiro', 'localized social', 'sustainable future', 'Additional Resources', 'long-standing relationships', 'power generators', 'full suite', '29 international markets', 'ImpactREC™ product', 'ImpactREC™ purchase', 'signing', 'deal', '25,000 families', 'Ohio', 'Columbus', 'BloombergNEF', 'initiative', 'part', 'minting', 'jurisdictions', 'interviews', 'collaboration', 'mission', 'opportunity', 'values', 'industry', 'creation', 'IRA', 'manufacturing', 'Midwest', 'Northeast', 'adoption', 'success', 'core', 'developers', 'municipalities', 'offerings', 'financing', 'construction', 'operation', 'information', 'world', 'Europe', 'Asia']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23694,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LA-FRANCAISE-DE-L-ENERGIE-28643001/news/La-Francaise-de-l-Energie-Inside-Information-News-release-on-accounts-results-43635985/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,La Française de l'Energie : Inside Information / News release on accounts  results,(marketscreener.com)    Another Quarter of revenues acceleration in Q3 2023    Group revenues growth confirmed for FY 2023   Pontpierre  France  April 25th  2023 - FDE   a carbon negative energy producer  reported sales for the first nine months of F…,"FDE is also implementing its organic growth strategy focused on developing new low-carbon solutions including addition cogenerations; indeed the Group has already launched theRevenue generated from the heat sales  related to the Béthune project and the thermal solar power plant in Creutzwald  amounted to €355 000 over the period. The contribution of Cryo Pur  associated with the new operating and maintenance contracts for LBG and Bio-CO2 production installations in Ireland and Norway is €84 000.The Group still benefits from a guaranteed feed in tariff in France for 40% of its installed capacity. FDE also continues to optimize the valorization of its revenues and recently fixed the pricing of 65% of its merchant electricity volumes from cogeneration for the rest of 2023.Revenues from electricity generation amounted to €19.6 million at the end of March 2022 (+145%). This increase reflects the latest negotiated contracts prices on the overall cogeneration portfolio (>185€/MWH average selling price) and the contribution from January of FDE's first solar project in the Grand-Est  adding 15 MW to the Group's existing 22.5 MW power portfolio.For the first nine months of 2023  the gas production activity posted revenues of €11 million  up by +29% compared to last year  in a favorable gas price environment.Pontpierre  France  April 25th  2023 - FDE (Euronext: FDE - ISIN: FR0013030152)  a carbon negative energy producer  reported sales for the first nine months of FY 2023 of €31.1 million  up sharply by +84% compared to the same period in 2022  thus already exceeding the FY 2022 turnover  driven once again by the development of its activities and the optimization of energy sale prices.2assembly of 4 additional cogeneration units to be installed towards the end of calendar year 2023.Furthermore  in addition to the already-secured 84 hectares dedicated to future solar production  the extension of the Tritteling-Redlach project has been approved by local authorities  the land secured and the engineering and environmental studies initiated with the objective to double the current installed capacity (+15MW) by early 2025.With regards to new projects associated with Cryo Pur technologies  FDE is currently completing its optimization and industrialization program for its Liquified Biogas (LBG) and Bio- CO2 technologies and equipements. The Group expects that revenues linked to these new projects will significantly contribute to FDE's growth from 2024 onwards.Meanwhile  the Group continues to strengthen its position on other low-carbon energy solutions: a proven and competitive economic and ecological model.FDE confirms its FY 2026 objectives of annual revenues of more than €100 million  and an EBITDA above €50 million  combined with over 10 million tons of CO2eq emissions avoided per annumNext announcements: FY 2023 annual sales - July 20th 2023 Reuters code: FDEL.PA Bloomberg code : FDE.FP Press Investor Relations contact@francaisedelenergie.fr ir@françaisedelenergie.fr + 33 3 87 04 34 51 +33 3 87 04 34 51About La Française de l'Énergie (« FDE »)FDE is a negative carbon footprint energy Group  specialized in the implementation via short circuits  of energy recovery and production sites  allowing the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. FDE notably supplies regional players with gas  electricity  heat and CO2  thus replacing imported energy with local  cleaner energy. FDE has strong development potential and aims to become a leading independent player in the energy sector in Europe.by Bpifrance.More information available on http://www.francaisedelenergie.frDisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward - looking statements and estimates concerning LFDE's financial condition  operating results  strategy  projects and future performance and the markets in which it operates. Such forward-looking statements and estimates may be identified by words such as ""anticipate "" ""believe "" ""can "" ""could "" ""estimate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""is designed to "" ""may "" ""might "" ""plan "" ""potential "" ""predict "" ""objective "" ""should "" or the negative of these and similar expressions. They incorporate all topics that are not historical facts. Forward looking statements  forecasts and estimates are based on management's current assumptions and assessment of risks  uncertainties and other factors  known and unknown  which were deemed to be reasonable at the time they were made but which may turn out to be incorrect. Events and outcomes are difficult to predict and depend on factors beyond the company's control. Consequently  the actual results  financial condition  performances and/or achievements of LFDE or of the industry may turn out to differ materially from the future results  performances or achievements expressed or implied by these statements  forecasts and estimates. Owing to these uncertainties  no representation is made as to the correctness or fairness of these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates speak only as of the date on which they are made  and LFDE",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['La Française', 'News release', 'Energie', 'Information', 'accounts', 'results', 'FDE.FP Press Investor Relations', 'negative carbon footprint energy Group', 'MWH average selling price', 'carbon negative energy producer', 'thermal solar power plant', 'FDEL.PA Bloomberg code', 'favorable gas price environment', 'existing 22.5 MW power portfolio', 'other low-carbon energy solutions', 'new low-carbon solutions', 'first solar project', 'first nine months', 'Bio- CO2 technologies', 'La Française', 'leading independent player', 'overall cogeneration portfolio', 'Bio-CO2 production installations', 'Béthune project', 'gas production activity', 'energy sale prices', 'local, cleaner energy', 'future solar production', '4 additional cogeneration units', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'merchant electricity volumes', 'Cryo Pur technologies', 'strong development potential', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'organic growth strategy', 'Forward looking statements', 'FY 2023 annual sales', 'press release', 'Reuters code', 'energy recovery', 'energy sector', 'production sites', 'Tritteling-Redlach project', 'contracts prices', 'local authorities', 'CO2eq emissions', 'other factors', 'future performance', 'future results', 'new operating', 'maintenance contracts', 'The Group', 'electricity generation', 'last year', 'FY 2022 turnover', 'calendar year', 'environmental studies', 'industrialization program', 'Liquified Biogas', 'competitive economic', 'ecological model', 'FY 2026 objectives', '10 million tons', 'Next announcements', 'short circuits', 'regional players', 'More information', 'financial condition', 'operating results', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'new projects', 'annual revenues', 'addition cogenerations', 'heat sales', 'same period', 'current assumptions', '15 MW', 'Creutzwald', 'contribution', 'LBG', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'feed', 'tariff', 'France', 'capacity', 'valorization', 'pricing', 'rest', 'March', 'increase', 'latest', 'January', 'Grand-Est', 'Pontpierre', 'April', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'activities', 'optimization', 'assembly', '84 hectares', 'extension', 'engineering', 'regards', 'equipements', 'position', 'proven', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'Énergie', 'implementation', 'reduction', 'Europe', 'francaisedelenergie', 'Disclaimer', 'estimates', 'LFDE', 'markets', 'words', 'topics', 'forecasts', 'management', 'assessment', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'Events', 'outcomes', 'company', 'control', 'performances', 'achievements', 'industry', 'representation', 'correctness', 'fairness', 'date', '>185€']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23695,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CENERGY-HOLDINGS-S-A-32089807/news/Cenergy-S-A-The-consortium-of-Hellenic-Cables-and-Jan-de-Nul-signs--43626820/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Cenergy S A : The consortium of Hellenic Cables and Jan de Nul signs...,(marketscreener.com)  Brussels  25 April 2023   Cenergy Holdings announces that RWE selected a consortium formed by Jan de Nul and Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  to deliver the complete cable system package for Thor  Denmark's largest offshore wind …,"Brussels  25 April 2023Cenergy Holdings announces that RWE selected a consortium formed by Jan de Nul and Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  to deliver the complete cable system package for Thor  Denmark's largest offshore wind farm.With a planned capacity of more than 1 000ΜW  the Thor Offshore Wind Farm will be built in the Danish North Sea  approximately 22 km from Thorsminde on the west coast of Jutland. Once fully operational  planned no later than the end of 2027  Thor should be capable of producing enough green electricity to supply the equivalent of more than one million Danish households.The turnkey project for Thor includes the design  manufacturing  supply  transportation  installation  jointing  termination  and testing of the 275kV HVAC export cable system and the 66kV inter-array cable system. The export cable system consists of two 30 km offshore cables  onshore cables with a total length of approx. 26 km and related accessories. The inter-array cable system consists of approximately 200 km of submarine cables and associated accessories.The cables will be produced at Hellenic Cables' vertically integrated  state-of-the-art submarine cables plant in Corinth  Greece. Cable production will be phased through 2023-2025.Jan De Nul will take care of the transport and installation of the export and inter-array cables using its Cable Laying Vessel Connector and will protect the offshore cables by burying them under the seafloor using one of its powerful subsea cable trenchers.Pål Coldevin  Executive Vice President Offshore Development Nordics  Poland & Baltics at RWE Offshore Wind commented: ""With Thor  we will massively contribute towards Denmark's ambitious climate targets. In order to deploy this offshore project  we will rely on our track record of more than 20 years in offshore wind and on experienced suppliers  like Hellenic Cables and Jan de Nul.""Alexis Alexiou  CEO of Cenergy Holdings noted: ""We are honored that RWE selected Hellenic Cables in cooperation with our partner Jan De Nul for Thor Offshore Wind Farm. Our project execution experience around the world is spanning more than 70 years and offers us the conviction Hellenic Cables will  once more  meet all requirements and contribute substantially towards Denmark's ambitious climate targets.""Wouter Vermeersch  Manager Offshore Cables at Jan De Nul Group  added: ""We are pleased to extend the successful cooperation between Jan De Nul and Hellenic Cables to support RWE in building the largest offshore wind farm in Danish waters. Our versatile vessels are ideally suited to install both the export as well as the inter-array cables in the challenging North Sea environment on the West coast of Denmark.""About RWERWE is leading the way to a green energy world. With an extensive investment and growth strategy  the company will expand its powerful  green generation capacity to 50 GW internationally by 2030. RWE is investing more than €50 billion gross for this purpose in this decade. The portfolio is based on offshore and onshore wind  solar  hydrogen  batteries  biomass and gas. RWE Supply & Trading provides tailored energy solutions for large customers and has locations in the attractive markets of Europe  North America and the Asia-Pacific region. The company is responsibly phasing out nuclear energy and coal as government-mandated phaseout roadmaps were defined for both energy sources. RWE employs around 19 000 people worldwide and has a clear target: to get to net zero by 2040. On its way there  the company has set itself ambitious targets for all activities that cause greenhouse gas emissions. The Science Based Targets initiative has confirmed that these emission reduction targets are in line with the Paris Agreement.Very much in the spirit of the company's purpose: Our energy for a sustainable life. For more information about the Thor offshore project  please visit www.thor.rwe.comAbout Jan De NulJan De Nul is a modern and innovative company that solves complex challenges of today's society. Their talented people develop sustainable solutions that contribute to the energy transition  securing the future of the next generation. Their expertise lies in five main activities: offshore energy  dredging and maritime construction  civil construction  environmental activities and project development. They enable the production of offshore energy and maintain the depth of waterways. They build new ports and create extra land. They realise complex infrastructure works and erect any type of building. They tackle pollution in whatever form. From design and engineering to the execution and maintenance  they unburden their clients with overall solutions that combine one  several or even all activities. For more information  please visit www.jandenul.com.About Cenergy HoldingsCenergy Holdings is a Belgian holding company listed on both Euronext Brussels and Athens Stock Exchange  investing in leading industrial companies  focusing on the growing global demand of energy transfer  renewables and data transmission. The Cenergy Holdings portfolio consists of Corinth Pipeworks and Hellenic Cables  companies positioned at the forefront of their respective high growth sectors. Corinth Pipeworks is a world leader in steel pipe manufacturing for the energy sector and major producer of steel hollow sections for the construction sector. Hellenic Cables is one of the largest cable producers in Europe  manufacturing power and telecom cables as well as submarine cables for the aforementioned sectors. For more information  please visit our website at www.cenergyholdings.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.26,0.16,True,English,"['Cenergy S A', 'Jan de Nul', 'Hellenic Cables', 'consortium', 'Executive Vice President Offshore Development Nordics', 'The Science Based Targets initiative', '275kV HVAC export cable system', 'Cable Laying Vessel Connector', 'powerful subsea cable trenchers', 'complete cable system package', 'challenging North Sea environment', 'largest offshore wind farm', '66kV inter-array cable system', 'one million Danish households', 'Jan De Nul Group', 'powerful, green generation capacity', 'Thor Offshore Wind Farm', 'The Cenergy Holdings portfolio', 'two 30 km offshore cables', 'Danish North Sea', 'enough green electricity', 'emission reduction targets', 'Pål Coldevin', 'government-mandated phaseout roadmaps', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'leading industrial companies', 'growing global demand', 'ambitious climate targets', 'complex infrastructure works', 'Manager Offshore Cables', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'five main activities', 'RWE Offshore Wind', 'submarine cables plant', 'Thor offshore project', 'Belgian holding company', 'green energy world', 'tailored energy solutions', 'project execution experience', 'project development', 'ambitious targets', 'onshore wind', 'offshore energy', 'Cable production', 'Danish waters', 'North America', 'next generation', 'inter-array cables', 'complex challenges', 'turnkey project', 'sustainable solutions', 'overall solutions', 'Hellenic Cables', 'cables segment', 'nuclear energy', 'energy sources', 'energy transition', 'energy transfer', 'west coast', 'total length', 'related accessories', 'associated accessories', 'track record', 'experienced suppliers', 'Alexis Alexiou', 'Wouter Vermeersch', 'versatile vessels', 'extensive investment', 'growth strategy', 'large customers', 'attractive markets', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'clear target', 'Paris Agreement', 'sustainable life', 'maritime construction', 'civil construction', 'new ports', 'extra land', 'data transmission', 'environmental activities', 'successful cooperation', 'innovative company', 'talented people', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RWE Supply', '26 km', '200 km', '19,000 people', '25 April', 'consortium', 'Denmark', '1,000ΜW', 'Thorsminde', 'Jutland', 'end', 'equivalent', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'transportation', 'installation', 'jointing', 'termination', 'testing', 'Corinth', 'Greece', 'care', 'seafloor', 'Poland', 'Baltics', 'order', '20 years', 'CEO', 'partner', '70 years', 'conviction', 'requirements', 'way', '50 GW', 'purpose', 'decade', 'solar', 'hydrogen', 'batteries', 'biomass', 'Trading', 'locations', 'Europe', 'coal', 'line', 'spirit', 'information', 'modern', 'today', 'society', 'future', 'expertise', 'dredging', 'depth', 'type', 'building', 'pollution', 'engineering', 'maintenance', 'clients', 'several', 'jandenul', 'renewables']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23696,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653611/0/en/Atos-launches-testing-operations-for-the-critical-IT-applications-of-Olympic-and-Paralympic-Games-Paris-2024.html,Atos launches testing operations for the critical IT applications of Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024,Press release  Atos launches testing operations for the critical IT applications of Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024   250 000 testing hours ...,"English FrenchPress releaseAtos launches testing operations for the critical IT applications of Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024250 000 testing hours  +150 applicationsParis  France – April 25  2023 – Atos today announces that it has launched a campaign to test more than 150 critical IT applications dedicated to managing and broadcasting the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. These tests are conducted by the Atos Integration Testing Lab (ITL) in Madrid  partnering with the International Olympic Committee (IOC)  the Paris 2024 Organizing Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games (OCOG)  international sports federations and technology partners across the board.This campaign aims to validate operations for various systems that are key to a successful Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024. Moreover  the campaign seeks to sustain best-in-class services during the event – irrespective of scenarios and peak periods in addition to verifying operational procedures and interfaces with external providers and reporting test progress to the IOC  OCOG as well as technology and sports partners.In 15 months' time  by the Opening Ceremony of the Olympic Games Paris 2024  the ITL will have conducted 250 000 hours of testing. To date  the tests are performed using real data and scenarios from previous Olympic Games. Effective July 2023  the ITL will introduce new data from the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 qualifying events to its test campaigns.Currently  around 60 Atos experts are spearheading the test campaigns from operational units dedicated to each sport and competition venue  spread over the 1 000 m2 area of the ITL.The ITL is able to accurately replicate the IT environment for deployment during the Olympic and Paralympic Games Paris 2024 and to test the performance of the Olympic Management System (OMS) and the Olympic Diffusion System (ODS). Both application suites deliver essential services to all event stakeholders  encompassing athletes  coaches  commentators  fans and organizing partners. Together  they ensure centralized information and interaction between the various stakeholders.The Olympic Management System (OMS) is responsible for the 500 000 accreditations  competitions schedule  voting applications for athletes participating in IOC decision-making processes within the Athletes' Commission  the Volunteers' Portal and the management of operational teams.is responsible for the 500 000 accreditations  competitions schedule  voting applications for athletes participating in IOC decision-making processes within the Athletes' Commission  the Volunteers' Portal and the management of operational teams. The Olympic Diffusion System (ODS) is tasked with the real-time announcement of results for the 878 sporting events for media and the Olympic and Paralympic family. It includes the ""Commentator Information System"" (CIS) which provides broadcasters with results and statistics from the field as well as background information on athletes. Journalists not covering the competitions from Paris can use the MyInfo application available from their desktops  smartphones or tablets to follow the news published by the Olympic News Services. The Web Results System (WRS) and the Mobile Results Application (RMA) provide results information to millions of supporters around the world. Another key component is the Olympic Data Feed (ODF) which centralizes the results and statistics collected by the On-Venue Results (OVR) system.Fully aware of the environmental issues at stake  Atos has deployed a sustainable and replicable operating solution since the Olympic and Paralympic Games PyeongChang 2018. The latter is based on three longstanding forms of IT structure – at once autonomous and complementary – which are designed to considerably reduce the number of servers and the environmental impact of IT around the Olympic Games. Based on this approach  Atos more than halved the number of physical servers used at Tokyo 2020 in comparison to previous events. This model enlists the ITL in Madrid  the Central Technology Operations Center (CTOC) which oversees operations from Barcelona  and the Technology Command and Control Center (TOC) located in the host city during competitions.""With respect to intensity and discipline  the upcoming test operations resemble the training schedule of an elite sportsperson. Paris 2024 has every confidence in Atos' experience as a leader of such campaigns  not to mention the robustness of its technological capabilities. From its ITL base in Madrid  Atos is already testing out the critical applications to deliver an unforgettable experience to the Olympic and Paralympic family next summer  in 2024."" said Bruno Marie-Rose  Chief Information and Technology Officer  Paris 2024.""Paris 2024 looks set to be the most 'connected' in the history of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. To this end  our ITL teams are fully mobilized with the Olympic authorities and their technological partners during this critical testing stage. During such phases  we are increasing data volumes in anticipation of the demands on our systems to ensure their reliability."" said Patrick Adiba  Senior Executive Vice-President and Head of Major Events  Atos.Atos has been a leading IT provider to the Olympic Movement since 1989  when the Company served the Organizing Committee of the Olympic Games Barcelona 1992. Atos became the Worldwide Information Technology Partner for the Olympic Games in 2001. Atos is also the Official Digital Technology Partner of the European Olympic Committee for the 2023 and 2027 editions of the European Games and the Official Technology Partner of the UEFA National Team Football until 2030.To learn more about Atos solutions for major events  please visit Sports & major events - Atos.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsAtos: Isabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 88Paris 2024: Elise Decoster | EDecoster@paris2024.org | +33 (0)6 82 59 43 10Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['critical IT applications', 'testing operations', 'Paralympic Games', 'Atos', 'Olympic', 'Paralympic Games Paris 2024 qualifying events', 'The Web Results System', 'The Olympic Diffusion System', 'Atos Integration Testing Lab', 'Central Technology Operations Center', 'The Olympic Management System', 'replicable operating solution', 'three longstanding forms', 'international sports federations', 'Commentator Information System', 'Paralympic Games PyeongChang', 'critical testing stage', 'International Olympic Committee', 'IOC decision-making processes', 'upcoming test operations', 'Mobile Results Application', 'Olympic Data Feed', 'previous Olympic Games', 'Paris 2024 Organizing Committee', 'critical IT applications', 'Olympic News Services', 'previous events', 'OVR) system', '878 sporting events', 'Control Center', 'The ITL', 'critical applications', 'testing operations', 'Paralympic family', 'class services', 'application suites', 'essential services', 'MyInfo application', 'sports partners', 'real data', 'new data', 'data volumes', 'IT environment', 'centralized information', 'background information', 'results information', 'IT structure', 'Technology Command', 'Chief Information', 'Technology Officer', 'successful Olympic', 'Olympic authorities', 'English French', 'Press release', 'various systems', 'peak periods', 'operational procedures', 'external providers', ""15 months' time"", 'Opening Ceremony', 'test campaigns', 'operational units', 'competition venue', '1,000 m2 area', 'various stakeholders', 'voting applications', ""Volunteers' Portal"", 'operational teams', 'real-time announcement', 'key component', 'Venue Results', 'environmental issues', 'environmental impact', 'host city', 'training schedule', 'elite sportsperson', 'technological capabilities', 'unforgettable experience', 'Bruno Marie-Rose', 'technology partners', '250,000 testing hours', 'technological partners', '60 Atos experts', ""Atos' experience"", 'event stakeholders', 'competitions schedule', 'physical servers', 'ITL base', 'ITL teams', ""Athletes' Commission"", '150 applications', '250,000 hours', 'France', 'April', 'tests', 'Madrid', 'OCOG', 'board', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'interfaces', 'progress', 'date', 'deployment', 'performance', 'OMS', 'coaches', 'commentators', 'fans', 'interaction', '500,000 accreditations', 'media', 'broadcasters', 'statistics', 'field', 'Journalists', 'desktops', 'smartphones', 'tablets', 'WRS', 'millions', 'supporters', 'world', 'ODF', 'sustainable', 'number', 'approach', 'Tokyo', 'comparison', 'model', 'CTOC', 'Barcelona', 'respect', 'intensity', 'discipline', 'confidence', 'leader', 'robustness', 'history', 'end', 'phases', 'anticip']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653501/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED    Ordinary Shares   The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 24 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9737 £ 23.8306 Estimated MTD return 1.25 % 1.34 % Estimated YTD return -2.87 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 169.74 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.85 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3318 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2392The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653502/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 24 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9737 £ 23.8306 Estimated MTD return 1.25 % 1.34 % Estimated YTD return -2.87 % -2.44 % Estimated ITD return 169.74 % 138.31 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.18 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.85 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.3318 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.2392The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23699,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-RENOV-VEIS-S-A-3073163/news/Google-and-EDPR-Partner-on-500-MW-AC-Environmental-Justice-Program-Marking-the-Largest-Corporate-Ba-43636807/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Google and EDPR Partner on 500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program  Marking the Largest Corporate Backing of Distributed Solar in the U.S.,(marketscreener.com) Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC.New York  New York  April 25  2023 -- Google and EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC   the distributed g…,Google and EDPR announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC.New York  New York  April 25  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Google and EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC (EDPR NA DG)  the distributed generation (DG) business unit of EDP Renewables North America (EDPR NA)  are pleased to announce the signing of a framework agreement supporting more than 80 distributed solar PV projects totaling 500 MW AC . The deal aligns with an environmental justice program benefiting over 25 000 families in low-to-moderate income (LMI) communities—with an initial focus on projects in the PJM Interconnection service area  which stretches from New Jersey to Ohio. The initial projects will be built in Ohio  where Google operates a data center campus in New Albany and Google Cloud region in Columbus.The unparalleled transaction with Google marks the largest corporate sponsorship of distributed solar development in the United States  according to data from S&P Global and BloombergNEF.The initiative  named the Clean Energy Financial Benefit Sharing Program  will be funded  in part  through Google’s purchase of a novel renewable energy credit (REC) called the ImpactREC™.The ImpactREC™  like other traditional RECs  is generated in and eligible for the applicable compliance market; however  its minting carries additional covenants certifying direct community investment and direct LMI benefit. The ImpactREC™ program synthetically provides similar economic benefits of community solar in jurisdictions currently lacking supportive legislation. The EDPR NA DG team  led by Christopher Rittenhouse and Adam Woda  collaborated with Google over the last two years to conceive and develop the ImpactREC™ product and its supporting framework agreement.“What we heard through interviews with local community leaders and Environmental Justice advocates was that the disproportionate impact of high energy burden remains a primary barrier to an equitable energy transition. Partnering with EDPR NA DG  we aim to reduce energy burden in the communities where we operate  while progressing toward our 24/7 carbon-free energy goal ” said Sana Ouji  Energy Lead  Google. “We are grateful to EDPR for their partnership  collaboration and steady focus on our shared mission  and excited to have the opportunity to contribute to our data center communities by extending the benefits of our clean energy investments.”“We’re proud to collaborate with Google on such an innovative and impactful program that speaks to our values ” added Gustavo Monteiro  EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer. “We are appreciative to Google for anchoring the ImpactREC™ and are looking forward to increasing participation throughout the compliance procurement community as our industry expands this product.”In addition to the ImpactREC™ purchase  the program includes the creation of a community impact fund valued at $12 million. The fund focuses on initiatives reducing energy poverty in the communities where the projects are built. Google and EDPR NA DG are committed to localized social and economic justice as part of the transition to a sustainable future.The initiative is made possible partly because of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) passed in 2022  which includes landmark tax incentives for domestic energy production and manufacturing. The ImpactREC™ leverages these incentives to provide direct investment into communities throughout the Midwest and Northeast and enable economic benefits for LMI communities.Additional Resources and Media Assets:About EDPR NA Distributed Generation:At EDPR NA Distributed Generation (EDPR NA DG)  accelerating the adoption and success of distributed generation is at the core of our mission. EDPR NA DG provides cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services to the entire North American region. Built on long-standing relationships with developers  power generators  corporate purchasers  municipalities  and local communities  EDPR NA DG delivers a full suite of offerings ranging from financing and development to construction and operation of energy and storage assets poised to scale. For more information  visit www.edprnadg.com.EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR) is a global leader in the renewable energy sector and the world’s fourth-largest renewable energy producer. With a sound development pipeline  first class assets  and market-leading operating capacity  EDPR has undergone exceptional development in recent years and is present in 29 international markets across Europe  Latin America  North America  and Asia.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.73,0.02,0.25,True,English,"['500 MW AC Environmental Justice Program', 'Largest Corporate Backing', 'EDPR Partner', 'Distributed Solar', 'U.S.', 'Google', 'EDPR NA DG Chief Executive Officer', 'cutting-edge innovative renewable energy services', 'EDPR NA Distributed Generation LLC', 'The EDPR NA DG team', 'PJM Interconnection service area', 'novel renewable energy credit', '24/7 carbon-free energy goal', 'entire North American region', 'largest renewable energy producer', '80 distributed solar PV projects', 'EDP Renewables North America', 'renewable energy sector', 'largest corporate sponsorship', 'distributed solar development', 'Energy Financial Benefit', 'other traditional RECs', 'applicable compliance market', 'clean energy investments', 'Inflation Reduction Act', 'domestic energy production', 'market-leading operating capacity', 'compliance procurement community', 'Environmental Justice advocates', 'S&P Global', 'last two years', 'high energy burden', 'data center campus', 'first class assets', 'local community leaders', 'sound development pipeline', 'direct LMI benefit', 'equitable energy transition', 'landmark tax incentives', 'direct community investment', 'environmental justice program', 'Google Cloud region', 'supporting framework agreement', 'similar economic benefits', 'community impact fund', 'The ImpactREC™ program', 'data center communities', 'community solar', 'direct investment', 'Energy Lead', 'energy poverty', 'economic justice', 'Latin America', 'disproportionate impact', 'corporate purchasers', 'global leader', 'recent years', 'initial projects', 'Media Assets', 'storage assets', 'impactful program', 'exceptional development', 'local communities', 'LMI) communities', 'LMI communities', '500 MW AC', 'New York', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'moderate income', 'initial focus', 'New Jersey', 'New Albany', 'unparalleled transaction', 'United States', 'additional covenants', 'supportive legislation', 'Christopher Rittenhouse', 'Adam Woda', 'primary barrier', 'Sana Ouji', 'steady focus', 'Gustavo Monteiro', 'localized social', 'sustainable future', 'Additional Resources', 'long-standing relationships', 'power generators', 'full suite', '29 international markets', 'ImpactREC™ product', 'ImpactREC™ purchase', 'signing', 'deal', '25,000 families', 'Ohio', 'Columbus', 'BloombergNEF', 'initiative', 'part', 'minting', 'jurisdictions', 'interviews', 'collaboration', 'mission', 'opportunity', 'values', 'industry', 'creation', 'IRA', 'manufacturing', 'Midwest', 'Northeast', 'adoption', 'success', 'core', 'developers', 'municipalities', 'offerings', 'financing', 'construction', 'operation', 'information', 'world', 'Europe', 'Asia']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23700,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYDROGENE-DE-FRANCE-124047110/news/Hydrogene-De-France-HDF-Energy-announces-a-strategic-partnership-with-DIGAS-to-jointly-develop-43634964/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Hydrogène De France :  HDF Energy announces a strategic partnership with DIGAS to jointly develop hydrogen freight locomotives,(marketscreener.com)  Bordeaux   April 25  2023 – HDF Energy   high-power fuel cell manufacturer  has signed a strategic partnership with DIGAS  a locomotive retrofit expert. Both companies will join efforts  resources and expertise in order to accelerate t…,"Bordeaux (France)  April 25  2023 – HDF Energy (Hydrogène de France)  high-power fuel cell manufacturer  has signed a strategic partnership with DIGAS  a locomotive retrofit expert. Both companies will join efforts  resources and expertise in order to accelerate the design and development of diesel locomotive retrofit projects involving hydrogen power. To support this partnership  HDF has also acquired a minority stake in DIGAS' capital.This partnership will create synergies between HDF and DIGAS to jointly design and develop CO 2 -emission-free hydrogen locomotives and offer a true alternative to polluting diesel-powered locomotives. This retrofit solution will deliver both environmental and economic sustainable benefits to their customers.HDF Energy will capitalise on its expertise in the development of hydrogen infrastructures based on 10 years of hands-on technical experience throughout the complete hydrogen value chain. In addition  the partnership will help position the Company as a designer and manufacturer of high-power fuel cells for heavy marine and rail mobility. HDF already has a first experience in the French railway sector with the HyShunt project conducted with Captrain  subsidiary of the SNCF  to develop the first hydrogen-powered shunting locomotive.DIGAS is a Latvian based company bringing its 15 years of proven engineering  certification and commissioning experience in retrofitting all kind of high horsepower vehicles  with a recent focus on the locomotive sector. It is the first company in the European union that has managed to certify a retrofitted gaseous fuel locomotive.Together  HDF and DIGAS will contribute to the rapid transition towards hydrogen power in the railway sector  which not only promotes a cleaner environment  but also offers competitive performance and operational advantages when compared to traditional power solutions.HDF has also taken a minority stake in DIGAS' capital in order to support the partnership.Damien Harvard  Founder and President of HDF Energy  declared: “We are excited to partner with DIGAS  while also investing in the company as a shareholder. Thanks to their extensive experience  DIGAS has already demonstrated its technical leadership in designing  managing and commissioning complex diesel locomotive retrofit projects throughout Europe. Combined with HDF's 10 years' experience in hydrogen projects  we will be able to offer the railway freight market competitive carbon-free locomotive retrofit solutions using hydrogen power.”Petro Dumenko  Founder and CEO of DIGAS stated: “We are thrilled to partner up with HDF Energy in parallel to welcoming them as our shareholders. When we looked at the landscape of all companies to partner with in the hydrogen space  HDF Energy stood out and shined the brightest due to their 10 years of hands-on technical experience throughout the complete hydrogen value chain and a global reach. Together  we will be able to serve the railway freight market providing a long-waited solution of instant decarbonization for the non-electrified part of the sector. This will significantly expand the ability of locomotive operators worldwide to make their operation not only carbon-free but also pollution-free and do it while staying competitive in the marketplace.”ABOUT HDF ENERGYHDF Energy is a global pioneer in high-power hydrogen power plants. The Company designs and develops power plants that generate non-intermittent  non-polluting renewable energy  day and night. In addition  HDF Energy organises the financing  construction and operation of these power plants through SPVs.HDF is the designer of Renewstable®  its flagship model of multi-megawatt power plants producing firm power from an intermittent renewable energy source (wind or solar) and massive energy storage in the form of green hydrogen generated on site.HDF Energy is also an industrial company which will mass produce  from 2024  the most strategic component of its power plants - high-power fuel cells - in its plant near Bordeaux. Already a major supplier of electricity for energy grids  this industrial activity will also allow HDF Energy to serve the heavy marine and rail mobility markets. Alongside its strategic partners  the Company develops projects involving hydrogen-powered freight locomotives and large vessel propulsion and auxiliary power systems.The Company operates on five continents and is developing a business portfolio currently worth over €5 billion.HDF Energy is listed in Euronext Compartment B.More information: www.hdf-energy.comABOUT DIGASDIGAS is a global trailblazer in instant decarbonization solutions for the railway sector. The company makes retrofit kits  provides an integration and retrofit service that enables the use of clean burning and renewable energy as the propulsion replacing polluting and expensive diesel fuel. This allows for a rapid and complete transition of the railway sector to renewable energy. Right now DIGAS serves locomotive operators with a pressing need to decarbonize their operations with hydrogen.The company has deployed the first in the EU certified retrofitted diesel locomotives on gaseous fuel bringing the retrofit technology to the state of regulatory approved  widely available and practical solution for locomotive operators to comply with the stringent emission and CO 2 footprint standards. For that DIGAS has received the special prize from Europe's Rail Joint Undertaking for Rail within the European Startup Prize for Mobility 2022.More information: www.digasgroup.comContactsInvestors relations Press relations Margaux ROUILLARD+ 33 (0)1 53 67 36 32hdf-energy@actus.fr Serena BONI+33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZqbYZ2YaZeVmGtrl8tsamaYaWtqx2SYZZebxmlxZpqamWySmGxqmpeVZnBqmmZt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Unregulated information:Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79517-cp_partnership-digas_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.2,0.23,True,English,"['Hydrogène De France', 'hydrogen freight locomotives', 'HDF Energy', 'strategic partnership', 'DIGAS', 'competitive carbon-free locomotive retrofit solutions', 'complex diesel locomotive retrofit projects', 'complete hydrogen value chain', 'CO 2 -emission-free hydrogen locomotives', 'first hydrogen-powered shunting locomotive', 'intermittent, non-polluting renewable energy', 'intermittent renewable energy source', 'high-power fuel cell manufacturer', 'high-power hydrogen power plants', 'expensive diesel fuel', 'high-power fuel cells', 'locomotive retrofit expert', 'gaseous fuel locomotive', 'hydrogen-powered freight locomotives', 'traditional power solutions', 'Hydrogène de', 'economic sustainable benefits', 'high horsepower vehicles', 'Euronext Compartment B.', 'instant decarbonization solutions', 'railway freight market', 'auxiliary power systems', 'massive energy storage', 'multi-megawatt power plants', 'rail mobility markets', 'large vessel propulsion', 'Latvian based company', 'French railway sector', 'hydrogen projects', 'competitive performance', 'locomotive sector', 'locomotive operators', 'complete transition', 'retrofit kits', 'retrofit service', 'diesel-powered locomotives', 'first experience', 'hydrogen infrastructures', 'hydrogen space', 'green hydrogen', 'firm power', 'first company', 'energy grids', 'minority stake', 'true alternative', 'technical experience', 'heavy marine', 'HyShunt project', 'proven engineering', 'commissioning experience', 'recent focus', 'European union', 'cleaner environment', 'operational advantages', 'Damien Harvard', 'extensive experience', 'technical leadership', 'Petro Dumenko', 'global reach', 'electrified part', 'global pioneer', 'flagship model', 'strategic component', 'major supplier', 'industrial activity', 'strategic partners', 'five continents', 'business portfolio', 'More information', 'global trailblazer', 'clean burning', 'pressing need', 'HDF Energy', 'The Company', 'industrial company', 'rapid transition', ""10 years' experience"", ""DIGAS' capital"", '15 years', 'partnership', 'Bordeaux', 'France', 'April', 'companies', 'efforts', 'resources', 'expertise', 'order', 'design', 'development', 'synergies', 'environmental', 'customers', 'addition', 'Captrain', 'subsidiary', 'SNCF', 'certification', 'kind', 'retrofitted', 'Founder', 'President', 'shareholder', 'CEO', 'parallel', 'landscape', 'hands', 'ability', 'marketplace', 'night', 'financing', 'construction', 'SPVs', 'Renewstable®', 'wind', 'solar', 'site', 'produce', 'electricity', 'integration', 'use', 'operations']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23701,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-first-quarter-2023-results-154300974.html,BIC: FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS,Clichy  France  April 25  2023 FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1+4.3% top line growth. Continued solid execution driven by the Horizon strategic plan. Market share...,"Societe BICClichy  France  April 25  2023FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1+4.3% top line growth. Continued solid execution driven by the Horizon strategic plan.Market share gains in most key regions building on 2022 momentum.Human Expression : +8.5% Net Sales growth at constant currency (CC)  driven by strong Back-to-School season in Brazil and double-digit growth in the Middle East and Africa regionsFlame for Life : -1.3% Net Sales change at CC versus Q1 2022 that benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at CCBlade Excellence: +9.0% Net Sales growth at CC  fueled by efficient commercial execution in Europe and added-value products in Latin AmericaHorizon delivered further results: success of new  consumer-centric and more sustainable products and robust commercial execution both online and in-stores.Adjusted EBIT margin at 13.0% impacted by input cost inflation  negative Forex  further investments in Brand Support and Opex.Sustained Operating Cash Flow +€105.4 million. Free Cash Flow was negative €33.8 million due to higher inventory build ahead of the Back-to-School season.KEY GROUP FINANCIAL FIGURESin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Change as reported +25.5% +4.5% Change on a comparative basis +18.8% +0.9% Change on a constant currency basis +20.4% +4.3% EBIT Margin 19.0% 13.3% Adjusted EBIT Margin 19.8% 13.0% EPS (in euros) 1.53 1.17 Adjusted EPS (in euros) 1.60 1.17 Free Cash Flow before acquisitions and disposals (1.9) (33.8) Net Cash Position 340.1 297.1Gonzalve Bich  Chief Executive Officer commented: “Heightened consumer demand for recent product innovations resulting from our Horizon Plan drove market share gains across most of our key regions during the first quarter of 2023. This includes the launches of our new BIC® EasyRinse razor in the US  the BIC® EZ Reach lighter in Europe  and an exclusive collection of Inkbox semi-permanent tattoos  available for the first time in-store at a major US retailer. Sales momentum was bolstered by strategic investments globally in expanded distribution channels  as well as compelling new consumer advertising campaigns helmed by influential celebrity talent. In a time of such macroeconomic uncertainty  our delivery of high-quality and value-for-money products that consumers trust drove topline growth following the prior year’s exceptionally high comparable basis.For the balance of the year  we will continue to focus on exemplary omnichannel execution as we bring consumer-centric innovation to both core and added-value products. Accordingly  we confirm our 2023 objectives to grow our business profitably across all divisions  with Horizon Plan serving as our North Star.”Story continues2023 Outlook confirmed (based on current market assumptions1F2)Full Year 2023 Net Sales are expected to grow between +5% and +7% at constant currencies driven by price  mix and volumes. We expect to improve 2023 adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBIT margin  with a growing Gross Profit margin  partially offset by continued investments in our Operations and Brand support  aimed at driving our Horizon ambition of delivering long-term profitable growth.Free Cash Flow is expected to be above €200 million in 2023  for the fifth year in a row.Q1 2023 KEY HIGHLIGHTSNET SALES  EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST AND TAXES (EBIT)  AND ADJUSTED EBITin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Change as reported +25.5% +4.5% Change on a comparative basis +18.8% +0.9% Change on a constant currency basis +20.4% +4.3% Gross Profit 267.1 268.1 Gross Profit margin 51.8% 49.8% EBITDA 123.6 95.8 EBIT 97.9 71.9 EBIT margin 19.0% 13.3% Non-recurring items 4.0 (1.8) Adjusted EBIT 101.9 70.0 Adjusted EBIT margin 19.8% 13.0%First Quarter 2023 Net Sales increased 4.3% at constant currencies and 0.9% on a comparative basis. Net Sales growth was driven by solid commercial execution  both online and in-stores  in our Human Expression and Blade Excellence divisions; notably in developing market such as Latin America  India and Middle East and Africa.Q1 2023 Gross Profit margin decreased by 2.0 points to 49.8%  negatively impacted by: input cost inflation (raw material and electricity costs)  fixed cost absorption and Forex (mainly due to USD/MXN  as EUR/USD hedging was favorable). This was partially offset by the favorable impact of price and mix and manufacturing efficiencies. Adjusted EBIT margin was 13.0% compared to 19.8% in Q1 2022  driven by gross profit decline  and increased Opex and Brand Support investments. As a reminder  Q1 2022 margin benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing.Non-recurring items included:In Q1 2022:€(1.0) million of acquisition costs related to Inkbox acquired in January 2022€(3.0) million related to Ukraine operations impairmentIn Q1 2023:€(1.4) million related to Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) earnout€3.2 million Rocketbook earnoutKEY COMPONENTS OF THE CHANGE IN ADJUSTED EBIT MARGINin points Q12022 vs. 2021 Q12023 vs. 2022 Change in Gross Profit +0.2 (2.0) Brand Support (0.5) (1.2) Opex and other expenses2F3 +5.4 (3.6) Total change in Adjusted EBIT margin +5.1 (6.8)NET INCOME AND EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)in millions euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Finance revenue/costs (2.6) (1.2) Income before Tax 95.2 70.7 Net Income Group share 67.6 50.8 Adjusted Net Income Group Share 71.0 50.8 Adjusted EPS Group Share (in euros) 3F4 1.60 1.17 EPS Group Share (in euros) 1.53 1.17Q1 2023 effective tax rate was 28.1% vs. 29.0% for Q1 2022.NET CASH POSITIONin million euros 2022 2023 Net Cash position (beginning of period: December) 400.1 359.9 Net cash from operating activities +15.7 (12.2) Of which operating cash flow +122.8 +105.4 Of which change in working capital and others (107.1) (117.6) CAPEX4F5 (17.6) (21.6) Share buyback program (13.1) (27.6) Net cash from the liquidity contract (0.3) +0.1 Proceed from Pimaco divestiture +1.1 - Acquisitions5F6 (58.3) - Other items +12.5 (1.5) Net Cash position (end of period: March) 340.1 297.1Operating Cash Flow was €105.4 million  resulting from good business performance. The €117.6 million negative change in Working Capital and others was mainly driven by higher Trade and other Receivables of €48.9 million linked to increased Net Sales and higher inventory levels of €50.2 million  primarily due to 2023 Back-to-School stock building. As a result  Q1 2023 Free Cash Flow before acquisitions and disposals was €(33.8) million.At the end of March 2023  Net Cash position was €297.1 million  with €27.6 million in share buybacks.SHAREHOLDERS' REMUNERATIONOrdinary dividend of € 2. 56 per share to be approved and paid in May 2023€27.6 million in share buybacks were completed by SOCIÉTÉ BIC at the end of March 2023452 994 shares were purchased at an average price of €60.89.UPDATE ON HORIZON PLAN EXECUTIONConsumer-centricity and InnovationQ1 Net Sales performance was spurred on by a consumer-centric and strong innovation pipeline  as we pursued the execution of the Horizon Plan. Our breakthrough innovation the BIC® EasyRinse shaver launched online and in-stores in the US  showed promising early results  reflected in our market share value gain of 0.6% year-to-date. BIC® Soleil Escape  our most successful 2022 new item in Women Disposable segment  continued to contribute to growth in the US and is now being rolled out internationally. It has achieved a 3.3% market share in value in the US Women’s Disposables segment. The new BIC® Break-Resistant mechanical pencil  with lead that is 75% stronger than the leading US competitor  was launched in the US and performed well both online and in-stores.E-commerceE-commerce sales were in line with last year as a percentage of Net Sales. Growth was driven by double digit Net Sales increase from Omniretailers (+19%) and from our Direct-to-Consumer businesses (+14%). Performance was fueled by solid results in our Flame for Life and Blade Excellence divisions  notably in Latin America and the Middle East and Africa regions.Revenue Growth Management (RGM)As we build on our 2022 momentum  our Horizon growth strategy continued to drive our RGM capabilities during the first quarter. We remain focused on developing a portfolio that meets the needs of our consumers with further Net Sales per SKU growth of 10% alongside a net SKU reduction of 6%. We also continued to drive top-line growth through positive pricing and mix as well customer-oriented investments across our three divisions. For example  in North America  performance was driven by positive mix due to premium products  such as the Mechanical Pencil BIC® Break-Resistant in Human Expression and the BIC® EasyRinse shaver in Blade Excellence.External Growth and New businessesOur newly owned semi-permanent tattoo business Inkbox™ grew low double-digit year-on-year  fueled by strong growth online  as well as offline. For the first time  Inkbox™ tattoos were launched at a well-known retailer in the US across 1 500 stores nationwide during the quarter. This major retail collaboration will expand Inkbox’s in-store presence in the beauty aisle through standalone impactful displays. Additionally  during the quarter  Inkbox launched its new nail collection online  and started production in a UK based facility to enhance its international expansion.Path to SustainabilityWe continued to progress on our Sustainable Development journey  focusing on the reduction of virgin plastic in our products and packaging  and launching innovative products with reduced environmental impact. One such new product is our BIC® Ecolutions Gel Pen  made of 78% ocean-bound plastic  available since Q4 last year in the US. This new product complements our Ecolutions ecofriendly stationery range made of at least 50% recycled materials in 100% recycled and recyclable packaging.OPERATIONAL REVIEW BY DIVISIONHUMAN EXPRESSIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 168.3 177.5 Change as reported vs. prior year +28.4% +5.4% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +21.4% +1.5% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +25.4% +8.5% Adjusted EBIT 11.4 2.4 Adjusted EBIT Margin 6.8% 1.4%The Human Expression division performance was driven by growth in Developing Markets including Latin America  the Middle East  Africa  and India.In Europe and North America  negative phasing impacted performance following customers' early 2022 Back-to-School season orders last year. In Europe  in the face of declining markets  we gained market share in value in France +1.5pts and UK +0.2 pts7  notably driven by added-value segments like Coloring  in line with our Horizon ambitions. In the US  BIC successfully gained +0.4 pts in value8  fueled by core stationery products  including Mechanical Pencils  Correction and Permanent Markers. This proof point illustrates that BIC remains a value and valued brand chosen by consumers. As we pursue our goals to grow in adjacent segments  our new semi-permanent tattoo business Inkbox™ grew low double digit  led by solid growth with a major online player and a successful launch in-store at a large US retailer.In the Southern Hemisphere  Back-to-School performance was solid in Brazil  through strong execution both in-store and online and the success of core segments like Ball Pen and added-value products such as the Intensity range. This was in line with our Horizon goal to increase share in Creative Expression. In Mexico we outperformed the market in premium segments such as Coloring Markers. Sell-in was also driven by early Back-to-School orders. In the Middle East and Africa  Net Sales grew double-digit fueled by a robust Back-to-School season in Kenya and double-digit growth in Morrocco and Nigeria led by our core product  the BIC® Cristal Medium. Cello Net Sales performance in India was led by favorable mix with added-value products in the above 10 Rupee segment such as the Butterflow range which contributed successfully to growth.Q1 2023 Human Expression division adjusted EBIT margin was 1.4% compared to 6.8% in Q1 2022. The decrease was driven by unfavorable Forex  mainly the US dollar/Mexican peso exchange rate  manufacturing costs  as well as higher Opex. This was partially offset by favorable pricing and mix. Input cost inflation was more than offset by manufacturing efficiencies.FLAME FOR LIFEin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 226.4 228.5 Change as reported vs. prior year +29.7% +0.9% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +22.4% (2.6)% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +22.9% (1.3)% Adjusted EBIT 87.1 83.9 Adjusted EBIT Margin 38.5% 36.7%The Flame for Life division was driven by high-single to double-digit Net Sales performance in all key regions  except in the US which was impacted by the negative phasing versus Q1 2022. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at constant currency.In the US  the total lighter market declined -5.5% in volume and -1.2% in value9. However  BIC maintained its leadership position  gaining share in both volume  +1.5 pts  and value  +1.5 pts  ahead of its competitors. This was fueled by solid execution in the Modern Mass channel and positive price and mix  driven by the robust growth of added-value lighters including BIC® EZ Reach and Djeep®  combined with BIC Ecolutions launches at major retailers. Q1 Net Sales performance in the US was impacted by the negative phasing versus Q1 2022  which benefited from delayed shipments following supply issues in Q4 2021. In the Utility Lighters market in the US  BIC gained 5.9 pts in value boosted by performance in both Convenience and Modern mass channels  owing to the rebound in product availability compared to last year  due to sea freight challenges and longer lead times.In Europe  Net Sales grew high single digit  driven by price increases  further distribution in Eastern Europe and favorable mix with the success of our premium products such as decorated lighters  in line with our Horizon strategy to move towards a more value-driven model. BIC’s innovative EZ Reach lighter is currently being launched progressively across Europe.In Latin America  Brazil Net Sales grew double digit fueled by positive market trends  continued demand for smoking and non-smoking occasions  alongside high barriers for imported lighters. Performance was driven by all categories from classic pocket lighters to decorated and utility lighters  which supports our Flame for Life strategy to address further consumer needs for all flame occasions while leaning towards a more value-driven model.Q1 2023 Flame for Life division adjusted EBIT margin was 36.7% compared to 38.5% in Q1 2022. This was the result of unfavorable fixed cost absorption  negative Net Sales operating leverage in the US and higher Opex investments. Brand Support investments were also higher as we launched a new BIC® EZ Reach advertising campaign in Europe. This was partly offset by favorable pricing and Forex (EUR/USD hedging). Input cost inflation was offset by manufacturing efficiencies.BLADE EXCELLENCEin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 113.5 124.7 Change as reported vs. prior year +17.7% +9.9% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +12.2% +6.5% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +12.5% +9.0% Adjusted EBIT 25.4 5.7 Adjusted EBIT Margin 22.4% 4.5%The Blade Excellence division's performance was driven by the success of added-value and new products in the 3 to 5 blade and Hybrid ranges in Europe and Latin America.In Europe  BIC gained market share in value in France +3.3 pts  Italy +1.3 pts  and Poland +1.7 pts10 fueled by the success of 3 to 5 blade products in both female and male segments. Net Sales grew double-digit in key countries across the region led by our added-value products in the Flex and Soleil ranges and new products  in line with our Horizon goals.In the US  we outpaced the market by +0.6 pts11 gaining share in both male and female segments  notably thanks to the performance of our added-value Flex range. The new breakthrough innovation BIC® EasyRinse shaver also contributed to growth  achieving 0.6% market share of women’s and men’s disposables in value  boosted by the impactful media campaign launched in Q1 across the US.We pursued our successful trade-up strategy in Latin America. In Brazil  we gained market share  up 0 9 pts in value12 thanks to strong media plans and further distribution gains for our premium products such as Comfort 3  the Hybrid and Soleil ranges. In Mexico  we outpaced the market by +0.4 pts in value in both Traditional and Modern trade channels.Q1 2023 Blade Excellence division adjusted EBIT margin was 4.5% compared to 22.4% in Q1 2022  caused by significant input cost inflation (raw materials and electricity) and unfavorable Forex  which our manufacturing efficiencies were not able to fully offset. The margin was also impacted by higher Opex and Brand Support investments  mostly related to the launch of BIC® EasyRinse major advertising campaign in the US.APPENDIX2023 MARKET ASSUMPTIONSOur 2023 outlook is based on the following market assumptions26F6F13:Market trends (in value):Europe : Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Stationery Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Lighters Flat to low-single-digit increase in ShaversUS: Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Stationery market Low to mid-single-digit decrease for total pocket Lighter market Low to mid-single-digit decrease in the total one-piece Shaver marketLatin America: Low to mid-single-digit increase in Stationery Low to mid-single-digit increase in Lighters Low to mid-single-digit increase in ShaversIndia: Mid to high-single-digit increase in StationeryEBIT drivers:Gross Profit: Increase in volumes  prices and mix Raw Materials inflation from prior year Slightly favorable Forex (excluding Argentina) Manufacturing efficienciesAdjusted EBIT: Gross Profit expansion Increase in Brand Support to drive Net Sales growth Increase in R&D and Opex to support Horizon’s long-term growth and innovationFree Cash Flow before Acquisitions and Disposals drivers:Approximately €110-120 million in CAPEXCurrency: 2023 EUR-USD hedging rate: 1.08Q1 NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 % as reported % at constant currencies % on a comparative basis Group 515.7 538.7 +4.5% +4.3% +0.9% Europe 142.8 151.5 +6.1% +6.6% +6.5% North America 233.5 217.5 (6.9)% (10.5)% (11.4)% Latin America 84.3 104.8 +24.3% +30.2% +13.7% Middle East and Africa 32.1 42.0 +30.8% +34.5% +34.5% Asia and Oceania (including India) 23.1 22.9 (0.9)% +3.0% +3.0%Q1 NET SALES BY CATEGORYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Change as reported F.X. impact7F14(in points) Change in Perimeter8F15(in points) Argentina impact9F16(in points) Change on a Comparativebasis Group 515.7 538.7 +4.5% +2.4 +0.4 +0.8 +0.9% Stationery- Human Expression 168.3 177.5 +5.4% +0.8 +1.5 +1.6 +1.5% Lighters- Flame for Life 226.4 228.5 +0.9% +3.3 +0.1 +0.1 (2.6)% Shavers- Blade Excellence 113.5 124.7 +9.9% +2.8 (0.0) +0.6 +6.5% Other Products 7.6 8.1 +6.8% (0.6) (0.0) (0.0) +7.4%IMPACT OF CHANGE IN PERIMETER AND CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ON NET SALES (EXCLUDES ARS)(in %) Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Perimeter +0.7 +0.4 Currencies of which: +5.4 +2.4 USD +3.9 +1.8 BRL +1.1 +0.5 MXN +0.3 +0.6 CAD +0.2 (0.1) ZAR +0.1 (0.2) INR +0.1 (0.1) RUB and UAH (0.1) +0.3Sensitivity to Net Sales and income before tax (IBT) of USD-EUR fluctuation Q1 2022 Q1 2023 +/- 5% change in USD impact on Net Sales 2.2% 2.0% +/- 5% change in USD impact on IBT 1.7% 0.9%EBIT BY CATEGORYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group 97.9 71.9 Margin 19.0% 13.3% Stationery- Human Expression 10.2 5.1 Margin 6.1% 2.9% Lighters- Flame for Life 86.6 83.4 Margin 38.2% 36.5% Shavers- Blade Excellence 23.2 5.3 Margin 20.4% 4.3% Other Products (1.8) (0.8) Unallocated costs (20.3) (21.2)ADJUSTED EBIT BY DIVISIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group 101.9 70.0 Margin 19.8% 13.0% Stationery- Human Expression 11.4 2.4 Margin 6.8% 1.4% Lighters- Flame for Life 87.1 83.9 Margin 38.5% 36.7% Shavers- Blade Excellence 25.4 5.7 Margin 22.4% 4.5% Other Products (1.8) (0.7) Unallocated costs (20.3) (21.2)CONDENSED PROFIT AND LOSSin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Cost of goods 248.6 270.6 Gross profit 267.1 268.1 Administrative & net other operating expenses/ (gain) 169.2 196.2 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Finance revenue/costs (2.6) (1.2) Income before tax 95.2 70.7 Income tax expense (27.6) (19.9) Net Income Group Share 67.6 50.8 Earnings per Share Group Share(in euros) 1.53 1.17 Average number of shares outstanding(net of treasury shares) 44 318 110 43 405 436CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETin million euros March 31  2022 March 31  2023 Non-current assets 1 181.8 1 170.3 Current assets 1 517.5 1 554.4 Total Assets 2 699.3 2 724.7 Shareholders' equity 1 835.5 1 904.8 Non-current liabilities 209.1 199.6 Current liabilities 654.7 620.3 Total Liabilities & Shareholders’ Equity 2 699.3 2 724.7RECONCILIATION WITH ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESADJUSTED EBIT RECONCILIATIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Acquisition costs related to Inkbox (January 2022) 1.0 - Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) and Rocketbook earnout - (1.8) Ukraine operations impairment 3.0 - Adjusted EBIT 101.9 70.0ADJUSTED EPS RECONCILIATIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EPS 1.53 1.17 Argentina hyperinflationary accounting (IAS29) - +0.03 Acquisition costs related to Inkbox (January 2022) +0.01 - Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) and Rocketbook earnout - (0.03) Ukraine operations impairment +0.06 - Adjusted EPS 1.60 1.17Free Cash Flow Reconciliationin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net cash from operating activities (1) +15.7 (12.2) Capital expenditure (2) (17.6) (21.6) Free Cash Flow before acquisition and disposals (1) - (2) (1.9) (33.8)SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMSOCIETE BIC Number of sharesacquired Average weighted price(in euros) Amount(in million euros) January 2023 - - - February 2023 185 526 61.57 11.4 March 2023 267 468 60.41 16.2 Total 452 994 60.89 27.6CAPITAL AND VOTING RIGHTSAs of March 31  2023  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 43 952 226 shares  representing:64 845 783 voting rights64 170 805 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsTotal number of treasury shares held at the end of March 2023: 674 978GLOSSARYConstant currency basis: constant currency figures are calculated by translating the current year figures at prior Year monthly average exchange rates.Organic change or Comparative basis: at constant currencies and constant perimeter. Figures at constant perimeter exclude the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals that occurred during the current year and/or during the previous year  until their anniversary date. All Net Sales category comments are made on a comparative basis. Organic change excludes Argentina Net Sales.EBITDA: EBIT before Depreciation and Amortization (excluding amortization of right of use under IFRS 16 standard)  and impairment.Adjusted EBIT: adjusted means excluding normalized items.Adjusted EBIT margin: adjusted EBIT as a percentage of Net Sales.Net Cash from operating activities: cash generated from principal activities of the entity and other activities that are not investing or financing activities.Free Cash Flow: net cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures (CAPEX). Free cash flow does not include acquisitions and proceeds from the sale of businesses.Net cash position: cash and cash equivalents + Other current financial assets - Current borrowings - Non-current borrowings (except financial liabilities following IFRS 16 implementation)SOCIETE BIC consolidated financial statements as of March 31  2023  were approved by the Board of Directors on April 25  2023. A presentation related to this announcement is also available on the BIC website (www.bic.com).This document contains forward-looking statements. Although BIC believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties. A description of the risks borne by BIC appears in the section  ""Risks Management"" in BIC's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial markets authority (AMF) on March 30  2023.ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were €2 233.9 million. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.BIC's Q1 2023 earnings conference call and webcast will be hosted by Gonzalve Bich  CEO  and Chad Spooner  CFO on Wednesday  April 26 2023  at 2:00 PM CET time:To participate to the webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/bic/#!/bic/20230426_1To participate to the conference call:From France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66 From the UK: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 From the USA: +1 786 697 3501 Vocal access code: « BIC »CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relations+33 6 37 01 42 68kimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAAll dates are subject change2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)1 Unaudited figures2 See market assumptions page in Appendix3 Other expenses include notably Freight & Distribution and R&D4 Please see glossary5 Including -€5.6 million in 2022 and -€3.8 million in 2023 related to assets payable change6 Inkbox in 20227 Year to date February 2023: IRI data8 Year to date February 2023: NPD data9 Period ending March 25  2023: IRI  estimated 70% market coverage10 YTD March 2023: Nielsen11 YTD March: IRI 202312 YTD March 2023: Nielsen  estimated 62% coverage13 Euromonitor and BIC estimates14 Forex impact excluding Argentinian Peso (ARS)15 Acquisitions of Inkbox  AMI and Tattly in 202216 Please see glossaryAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.1,0.31,True,English,"['FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS', 'BIC', 'compelling new consumer advertising campaigns', 'BIC® EZ Reach lighter', 'new BIC® EasyRinse razor', 'Sustained Operating Cash Flow', 'exceptional Net Sales performance', 'growing Gross Profit margin', 'Free Cash Flow', 'input cost inflation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'recent product innovations', 'influential celebrity talent', 'fixed cost absorption', 'gross profit decline', 'Lucky Stationary Ltd', 'Net Cash Position', 'efficient commercial execution', 'robust commercial execution', 'exemplary omnichannel execution', 'Market share gains', 'current market assumptions1F', '+4.3% top line growth', 'long-term profitable growth', 'high comparable basis', 'solid commercial execution', 'GROUP FINANCIAL FIGURES', 'Inkbox semi-permanent tattoos', 'major US retailer', 'Ukraine operations impairment', '5% Net Sales growth', '9.0% Net Sales growth', 'most key regions', 'FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1', 'constant currency basis', 'Blade Excellence divisions', 'Horizon strategic plan', 'Brand Support investments', 'new, consumer-centric', 'consumer demand', 'Societe BIC', 'solid execution', 'developing market', 'double-digit growth', 'topline growth', 'comparative basis', 'constant currencies', 'strategic investments', 'EBIT margin', 'Horizon Plan', 'Human Expression', 'School season', 'Middle East', 'US lighters', 'positive phasing', 'value products', 'Latin America', 'sustainable products', 'higher inventory', 'Gonzalve Bich', 'exclusive collection', 'Sales momentum', 'distribution channels', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'money products', 'consumer-centric innovation', 'North Star', 'Non-recurring items', 'raw material', 'electricity costs', 'EUR/USD hedging', 'manufacturing efficiencies', 'acquisition costs', 'Africa regions', 'first time', 'prior year', 'Full Year', '2023 adjusted EBIT', 'fifth year', 'negative Forex', 'million euros', 'favorable impact', 'Rocketbook earnout', 'THE CHANGE', '2022 momentum', '8.7 Change', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'CC', 'Brazil', 'Flame', 'Life', 'Q1', 'Europe', 'stores', 'Opex', 'EPS', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'launches', 'delivery', 'high-quality', 'consumers', 'balance', 'core', '2023 objectives', 'business', 'Story', '2023 Outlook', 'price', 'mix', 'volumes', 'ambition', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'EARNINGS', 'INTEREST', 'TAXES', 'EBITDA', 'India', '2.0 points', 'USD/MXN', 'reminder', 'January', 'Nigeria', 'COMPONENTS']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
23702,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NFL-BIOSCIENCES-123776242/news/NFL-Biosciences-2022-full-year-business-and-earnings-update-43626672/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,NFL Biosciences: 2022 full-year business and earnings update,(marketscreener.com) NFL Biosciences: 2022 full-year business and earnings update Phase II/III clinical trial for the drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation: 100% of volunteers recruited. Initial results expected in the fourth quarter of 2023 Progress w…,NFL Biosciences: 2022 full-year business and earnings updatePhase II/III clinical trial for the drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation: 100% of volunteers recruited. Initial results expected in the fourth quarter of 2023Progress with the PRECESTO clinical trial to demonstrate the potential complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments: final recruitment in the second quarter and initial results expected in the third quarter of 2023Co-development agreement continuing to move forward for NFL-301  a drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumptionIntellectual property extended with a patent granted in China and South Korea and a new patent application submitted in the United StatesDiversified sources of financing set up at the start of 2023: cash runway to the third quarter of 2024NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  is reporting its full-year results for 2022  as approved by the Board of Directors on April 24  2023. At this time  NFL Biosciences looks back on its many areas of progress for its drug candidates and the success of its financing strategy  with cash requirements covered through to the third quarter of 2024.Ignacio Faus  NFL Biosciences Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: “We are proud to announce the completion of the recruitment of the 318 volunteers taking part in our most important clinical study with NFL-101 for smoking cessation. The study  code-named CESTO II  was put in place following our initial public offering on Euronext Growth Paris in July 2021. The many advances made since this transaction contributed to the success of the €3.1m fundrasing round carried out in January 2023  while also enabling us to obtain non-dilutive financing with public organizations supporting research in France. Our financial position is therefore secured through to the third quarter of 2024 and we can confidently continue  to develop our two priority drug candidates  NFL-101 and NFL-301. The coming quarters will of course be decisive for assessing the efficacy of NFL-101  with the initial results expected by the end of the year. We are moving forward with confidence into a key scientific period  in order to execute our business plan”.Phase II/III clinical trial for the drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation: 100% of volunteers recruited and initial results planned for the fourth quarter of 2023Approved in France by the French National Agency for the Safety of Medicines and Health Products (ANSM)  the NFL-101 CESTO II Phase II/III clinical trial received a favorable opinion from the French Ethical Review Board (CPP) in September 2021. NFL-101 is a standardized version for pharmaceutical use derived from a natural product  initially developed by the Institut Pasteur for tobacco allergies among people working in tobacco factories. CESTO II’s objectives are to select the best dose and assess the efficacy of NFL-101 versus placebo  based on various primary and secondary criteria set by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for the United States and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for Europe.Patient recruitment started in January 2022  gradually mobilizing a total of eight Clinical Investigation Centers (CIC) at CHU university hospital centers (Bordeaux  Clermont-Ferrand  Dijon  Lorient  Marseille  Montpellier  Poitiers and Rennes)  as well as the Eurofins-Optimed research institute (Grenoble). The final recruitments were completed by the end of April 2023.In terms of funding for CESTO II  NFL Biosciences was awarded a €1 500 000 innovation advance on February 20  2023 under Programme d’Investissement d’Avenir 4 from the France 2030 plan. €1.05 million was received as a recoverable advance when the financing contract was signed  with the balance to be made available when requested by NFL Biosciences upon completion of the study. In addition  around 55% of the €3.1m of funds raised on January 31  2023 has been allocated to finalizing this Phase II/III clinical trial. Together  these resources will make it possible to finalize the CESTO II study.Progress with the PRECESTO clinical trial to demonstrate the potential complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatmentsIn September 2022  NFL Biosciences obtained the necessary regulatory authorizations from the ANSM and CPP to carry out the PRECESTO phase IIa clinical trial. Its main objective is to validate the potential complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments  and particularly nicotine substitutes (transdermal patches  tablets  gum  inhalers and nicotine sprays)  with a view to developing an innovative treatment method combining NFL-101 with other smoking cessation methods. The PRECESTO study targets 34 smokers who do not wish to quit and have high smoking satisfaction. It compares the ability of NFL-101 to reduce cigarette satisfaction and craving with placebo.Volunteer recruitment started up in February 2023 and is still underway. The initial results are expected for the third quarter of 2023. This study could increase the attractiveness of NFL-101 to pharmaceutical companies  especially those marketing smoking cessation drugs.In terms of funding for PRECESTO  NFL Biosciences was awarded a €200 000 grant (non-refundable) on January 17  2023 under Programme d’Investissement d’Avenir 4 from the France 2030 plan  awarded jointly by the French State and the Occitanie Region. In addition  around 20% of the €3.1m of funds raised on January 31  2023 have been allocated to carrying out this Phase IIa clinical trial. Together  these resources will make it possible to finalize the PRECESTO study  which is based on a format and protocol that limits the costs involved.Co-development agreement continuing to move forward for NFL-301  a drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumptionIn February 2022  NFL Biosciences set up a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  a market leader for the development and manufacturing of oral delivery drugs  to develop and produce NFL-301  a natural drug candidate from NFL Biosciences aimed at reducing alcohol consumption. The development of the formulation was launched during the first quarter of 2022. Under this partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceutiques will manage the development and manufacturing of NFL-301  while NFL Biosciences will draw up and lead the clinical program  which is expected to be launched in the United States over the coming months. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least until its placebo-controlled efficacy has been demonstrated as a treatment for reducing alcohol consumption.For the advancement of the NFL-301 project  from product formulation to clinical trial authorization  NFL Biosciences obtained a €200 000 innovation advance as part of Programme d'Investissement d'Avenir 4 from the France 2030 plan. €140 000 was received as a recoverable advance when the support contract was signed on February 20  2023  with the balance to be made available when requested by NFL Biosciences upon authorization of the clinical trial. In addition  by allocating around 15% of the funds raised on January 31  2023 to this project  NFL Biosciences will be able to continue developing NFL-301 and file a pre-IND application with the FDA prior to a future clinical trial application.Intellectual property extended with a patent registered in China and South Korea and a new patent application submitted in the United StatesNFL Biosciences has continued moving forward with its intellectual property management and patent protection strategy  securing exclusive rights to its drug candidate NFL-101 through two patent families  covering an “aqueous extract of tobacco leaves and its use for the treatment of dependence”. The innovation that NFL-101 is based on is already protected through to 2036 in France and the United States  in addition to China (since April 2022) and South Korea (since May 2022). National registration applications are still in the review phase in the following regions and countries: Canada  Australia  Europe  Brazil  India  Indonesia  Philippines  United Arab Emirates and Nigeria.In addition  a new patent application  corresponding to a third patent family  was submitted in October 2022 in the United States and will be extended to cover other countries in line with the intellectual property protection strategy put in place. This application aims to protect the administration of NFL-101 in association other smoking cessation treatments and particularly nicotine substitutes.Partnership with Themis Medicare to develop NFL-101 in IndiaIn October 2022  NFL Biosciences set up a partnership with Themis Medicare Ltd to develop NFL-101 on the Indian market. Themis Medicare is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Mumbai with a legacy of over 50 years of making new treatment options available to patients. India has approximately 267 million smokers  and their options for smoking cessation are very limited.Diversified sources of financing set up at the start of 2023: cash requirements covered through to the third quarter of 2024At the start of 2023  NFL Biosciences successfully rolled out its financing strategy by applying for various grants and cash advances  and by calling on the financial markets. In total  €4.2m were received during the first quarter of 2023 and €0.7m are still to be received as findings are generated confirming the success of the trials  representing a total secured amount of €4.9m. This has enabled NFL Biosciences to secure progress of the company´s priority projects  and it has a cash horizon that now runs through to the third quarter of 2024.Collaboration with the CEA to study the mechanism of action of NFL-101At the start of February 2023  NFL Biosciences set up a research partnership with the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) to study the mechanism of action of its drug candidate NFL-101. This study  scheduled to run for nine months  is being led by the CEA’s Paris-Saclay Pharmacological Neuroimaging team. It will focus on following  by positron emission tomography (PET) imaging  the modifications in the cerebral function associated with the development of tobacco addiction in mice  in order to highlight the central effects of NFL-101 treatment.Governance changesNFL Biosciences’ Board of Directors acknowledged Mr Joël Besse’s resignation from his positions as a Company director and Chairman of its Board of Directors on February 27  2023. The Board of Directors decided to appoint Mr Ignacio Faus  the Company’s Chief Executive Officer  as Chairman of the Board of Directors for a period that will not exceed his term of office as a director  i.e. through to the end of the General Meeting held in 2024 to approve the financial statements for the year ending December 31  2023.2022 full-year earningsThe full-year financial statements for 2022 (January 1 2022 – December 31  2022)  prepared in accordance with French GAAP  were approved by the Board of Directors during its meeting on April 24  2023. The procedures to audit the annual accounts have been completed. The statutory auditors’ reports will be issued when the 2022 Annual Report is published.Corporate accounts (€) December 31  2021 December 31  2022 Net revenues - - Total operating income 39 22 EBIT (901 867) (3 083 170) Financial income (expense) (217 643) 182 831 Non-recurring income (expense) - 39 025 Net income (978 243) (2 443 484) Shareholders’ equity 3 287 481 843 996 Intangible assets (patents) 124 034 135 784 Liabilities Of which financial liabilitiesOf which operating liabilities 270 74985 007185 742 1 478 51083 2561 395 254 Cash and cash equivalents 3 039 570 1 053 581 Balance sheet total 3 685 207 2 395 484In 2022  NFL Biosciences recorded €22 of operating income  compared with €39 in 2021. Still in the clinical trials development stage  NFL Biosciences did not record any revenues during the last two years.In line with the resources allocated to drive progress with the programs presented above  and the Company’s operations  EBIT came to €(3.1)m in 2022  compared with €(0.9)m in 2021. Payroll and social security contributions totaled €0.7m for four people at December 31  2022  compared with €0.3m for three people at the end of 2021.In 2022  NFL Biosciences reported a research tax credit (CIR) of €0.4m  compared with €0.1m in 2021  with this change reflecting the ramping up of its research programs.Financial income and expenses for 2022 totaled €0.2m  compared with €(0.2)m in 2021  reflecting the reversal of the provision for the NFL Australia receivables recorded in the accounts in 2021  following the completion of the process to shut this entity down. As a result  NFL Biosciences recorded €(2.4)m of net income  compared with €(1.0)m in 2021.As of December 31  2022  the Company had €0.8m of shareholders’ equity and €1.0m of cash. The total amount of liabilities at December 31  2022 came to €1.5m  with €0.1m of financial liabilities and €1.4m of operating liabilities. These cash and liability figures do not take into account the various financing facilities set up in 2023 as presented above.Outlook for 2023The initial results from the two clinical studies underway are expected to be available in the third quarter of 2023 (PRECESTO) and the fourth quarter of 2023 (CESTO II). Alongside this  NFL Biosciences has submitted a request for scientific advice to the EMA with a view to determining the future development of NFL-101 before its marketing authorization. This scientific advice will be issued in the second quarter of 2023. NFL BIOSCIENCES has also opened talks with several pharmaceutical companies looking into a future partnership for NFL-101. Once the PRECESTO and CESTO II results have been obtained  these discussions could be accelerated.The collaboration with CEA Paris-Saclay  which aims to make progress with the understanding of the mechanism of action of NFL-101  will continue moving forward in 2023. Understanding NFL-101’s mechanism of action is considered to be a very important element for several pharmaceutical companies.Lastly  for NFL-301  the collaboration with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques is moving forward in line with the action plan. As the priority of this project is in the American market  discussions will be launched in 2023 with the FDA to clearly define the clinical development pathway. Non-dilutive financing options in the United States could then be available.NFL BIOSCIENCES has a cash horizon through to the third quarter of 2024 and will continue to benefit from an organization with limited fixed costs. Looking further ahead  NFL Biosciences will need additional financing which  independently or combined  may come from (1) capital increases  (2) non-dilutive financing and (3) partnerships with pharmaceutical companies.Next financial date: 2023 first-half earnings: September 19  2023 (before start of trading).About NFL BiosciencesNFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorder.The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.comContactsBruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbiosciences@calyptus.net - +33 1 53 65 68 68Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.14,0.14,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', '2022 full-year business', 'earnings update', 'NFL-101 CESTO II Phase II/III clinical trial', 'PRECESTO phase IIa clinical trial', 'eight Clinical Investigation Centers', 'CHU university hospital centers', 'other smoking cessation treatments', 'other smoking cessation methods', 'two priority drug candidates', 'French Ethical Review Board', 'PRECESTO clinical trial', 'French National Agency', 'important clinical study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Chief Executive Officer', '€3.1m fundrasing round', 'key scientific period', 'CESTO II study', 'necessary regulatory authorizations', 'high smoking satisfaction', 'Food & Drug Administration', 'new patent application', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Eurofins-Optimed research institute', 'innovative treatment method', 'initial public offering', 'NFL Biosciences Chairman', 'PRECESTO study', 'public organizations', 'cigarette satisfaction', 'Initial results', '2022 full-year business', 'earnings update', 'fourth quarter', 'potential complementarity', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'Co-development agreement', 'alcohol consumption', 'Intellectual property', 'South Korea', 'United States', 'Diversified sources', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'botanical drugs', 'full-year results', 'many areas', 'Ignacio Faus', 'many advances', 'financial position', 'coming quarters', 'Health Products', 'favorable opinion', 'standardized version', 'pharmaceutical use', 'natural product', 'Institut Pasteur', 'tobacco allergies', 'tobacco factories', 'best dose', 'various primary', 'secondary criteria', 'final recruitments', '€1,500,000 innovation advance', 'recoverable advance', 'main objective', 'transdermal patches', 'financing strategy', 'non-dilutive financing', 'Patient recruitment', 'financing contract', 'Volunteer recruitment', 'cash requirements', 'business plan', '2030 plan', 'volunteers', 'Progress', 'NFL-30', 'China', 'start', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'Directors', 'April', 'success', 'completion', 'part', 'place', 'July', 'transaction', 'January', 'France', 'efficacy', 'end', 'confidence', 'order', 'Safety', 'ANSM', 'CPP', 'September', 'people', 'objectives', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'total', 'CIC', 'Bordeaux', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'Dijon', 'Lorient', 'Marseille', 'Montpellier', 'Poitiers', 'Rennes', 'Grenoble', 'terms', 'funding', 'February', 'Programme', 'Investissement', 'Avenir', 'balance', 'addition', 'funds', 'resources', 'substitutes', 'tablets', 'inhalers', 'sprays', '34 smokers', 'ability', 'expe']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23703,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653506/0/en/NFL-Biosciences-2022-full-year-business-and-earnings-update.html,NFL Biosciences: 2022 full-year business and earnings update,NFL Biosciences: 2022 full-year business and earnings update  Phase II/III clinical trial for the drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation: 100% of......,French EnglishNFL Biosciences: 2022 full-year business and earnings updatePhase II/III clinical trial for the drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation: 100% of volunteers recruited. Initial results expected in the fourth quarter of 2023Progress with the PRECESTO clinical trial to demonstrate the potential complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments: final recruitment in the second quarter and initial results expected in the third quarter of 2023Co-development agreement continuing to move forward for NFL-301  a drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumptionIntellectual property extended with a patent granted in China and South Korea and a new patent application submitted in the United StatesDiversified sources of financing set up at the start of 2023: cash runway to the third quarter of 2024NFL BIOSCIENCES (Euronext Growth Paris – FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL)  a biopharmaceutical company developing botanical drugs for the treatment of addictions  is reporting its full-year results for 2022  as approved by the Board of Directors on April 24  2023. At this time  NFL Biosciences looks back on its many areas of progress for its drug candidates and the success of its financing strategy  with cash requirements covered through to the third quarter of 2024.Ignacio Faus  NFL Biosciences Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer: “We are proud to announce the completion of the recruitment of the 318 volunteers taking part in our most important clinical study with NFL-101 for smoking cessation. The study  code-named CESTO II  was put in place following our initial public offering on Euronext Growth Paris in July 2021. The many advances made since this transaction contributed to the success of the €3.1m fundrasing round carried out in January 2023  while also enabling us to obtain non-dilutive financing with public organizations supporting research in France. Our financial position is therefore secured through to the third quarter of 2024 and we can confidently continue  to develop our two priority drug candidates  NFL-101 and NFL-301. The coming quarters will of course be decisive for assessing the efficacy of NFL-101  with the initial results expected by the end of the year. We are moving forward with confidence into a key scientific period  in order to execute our business plan”.Phase II/III clinical trial for the drug candidate NFL-101 for smoking cessation: 100% of volunteers recruited and initial results planned for the fourth quarter of 2023Approved in France by the French National Agency for the Safety of Medicines and Health Products (ANSM)  the NFL-101 CESTO II Phase II/III clinical trial received a favorable opinion from the French Ethical Review Board (CPP) in September 2021. NFL-101 is a standardized version for pharmaceutical use derived from a natural product  initially developed by the Institut Pasteur for tobacco allergies among people working in tobacco factories. CESTO II’s objectives are to select the best dose and assess the efficacy of NFL-101 versus placebo  based on various primary and secondary criteria set by the Food & Drug Administration (FDA) for the United States and the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for Europe.Patient recruitment started in January 2022  gradually mobilizing a total of eight Clinical Investigation Centers (CIC) at CHU university hospital centers (Bordeaux  Clermont-Ferrand  Dijon  Lorient  Marseille  Montpellier  Poitiers and Rennes)  as well as the Eurofins-Optimed research institute (Grenoble). The final recruitments were completed by the end of April 2023.In terms of funding for CESTO II  NFL Biosciences was awarded a €1 500 000 innovation advance on February 20  2023 under Programme d’Investissement d’Avenir 4 from the France 2030 plan. €1.05 million was received as a recoverable advance when the financing contract was signed  with the balance to be made available when requested by NFL Biosciences upon completion of the study. In addition  around 55% of the €3.1m of funds raised on January 31  2023 has been allocated to finalizing this Phase II/III clinical trial. Together  these resources will make it possible to finalize the CESTO II study.Progress with the PRECESTO clinical trial to demonstrate the potential complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatmentsIn September 2022  NFL Biosciences obtained the necessary regulatory authorizations from the ANSM and CPP to carry out the PRECESTO phase IIa clinical trial. Its main objective is to validate the potential complementarity of NFL-101 with other smoking cessation treatments  and particularly nicotine substitutes (transdermal patches  tablets  gum  inhalers and nicotine sprays)  with a view to developing an innovative treatment method combining NFL-101 with other smoking cessation methods. The PRECESTO study targets 34 smokers who do not wish to quit and have high smoking satisfaction. It compares the ability of NFL-101 to reduce cigarette satisfaction and craving with placebo.Volunteer recruitment started up in February 2023 and is still underway. The initial results are expected for the third quarter of 2023. This study could increase the attractiveness of NFL-101 to pharmaceutical companies  especially those marketing smoking cessation drugs.In terms of funding for PRECESTO  NFL Biosciences was awarded a €200 000 grant (non-refundable) on January 17  2023 under Programme d’Investissement d’Avenir 4 from the France 2030 plan  awarded jointly by the French State and the Occitanie Region. In addition  around 20% of the €3.1m of funds raised on January 31  2023 have been allocated to carrying out this Phase IIa clinical trial. Together  these resources will make it possible to finalize the PRECESTO study  which is based on a format and protocol that limits the costs involved.Co-development agreement continuing to move forward for NFL-301  a drug candidate to reduce alcohol consumptionIn February 2022  NFL Biosciences set up a co-development agreement with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques  a market leader for the development and manufacturing of oral delivery drugs  to develop and produce NFL-301  a natural drug candidate from NFL Biosciences aimed at reducing alcohol consumption. The development of the formulation was launched during the first quarter of 2022. Under this partnership  ATHENA Pharmaceutiques will manage the development and manufacturing of NFL-301  while NFL Biosciences will draw up and lead the clinical program  which is expected to be launched in the United States over the coming months. The partnership aims to develop NFL-301 at least until its placebo-controlled efficacy has been demonstrated as a treatment for reducing alcohol consumption.For the advancement of the NFL-301 project  from product formulation to clinical trial authorization  NFL Biosciences obtained a €200 000 innovation advance as part of Programme d'Investissement d'Avenir 4 from the France 2030 plan. €140 000 was received as a recoverable advance when the support contract was signed on February 20  2023  with the balance to be made available when requested by NFL Biosciences upon authorization of the clinical trial. In addition  by allocating around 15% of the funds raised on January 31  2023 to this project  NFL Biosciences will be able to continue developing NFL-301 and file a pre-IND application with the FDA prior to a future clinical trial application.Intellectual property extended with a patent registered in China and South Korea and a new patent application submitted in the United StatesNFL Biosciences has continued moving forward with its intellectual property management and patent protection strategy  securing exclusive rights to its drug candidate NFL-101 through two patent families  covering an “aqueous extract of tobacco leaves and its use for the treatment of dependence”. The innovation that NFL-101 is based on is already protected through to 2036 in France and the United States  in addition to China (since April 2022) and South Korea (since May 2022). National registration applications are still in the review phase in the following regions and countries: Canada  Australia  Europe  Brazil  India  Indonesia  Philippines  United Arab Emirates and Nigeria.In addition  a new patent application  corresponding to a third patent family  was submitted in October 2022 in the United States and will be extended to cover other countries in line with the intellectual property protection strategy put in place. This application aims to protect the administration of NFL-101 in association other smoking cessation treatments and particularly nicotine substitutes.Partnership with Themis Medicare to develop NFL-101 in IndiaIn October 2022  NFL Biosciences set up a partnership with Themis Medicare Ltd to develop NFL-101 on the Indian market. Themis Medicare is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Mumbai with a legacy of over 50 years of making new treatment options available to patients. India has approximately 267 million smokers  and their options for smoking cessation are very limited.Diversified sources of financing set up at the start of 2023: cash requirements covered through to the third quarter of 2024At the start of 2023  NFL Biosciences successfully rolled out its financing strategy by applying for various grants and cash advances  and by calling on the financial markets. In total  €4.2m were received during the first quarter of 2023 and €0.7m are still to be received as findings are generated confirming the success of the trials  representing a total secured amount of €4.9m. This has enabled NFL Biosciences to secure progress of the company´s priority projects  and it has a cash horizon that now runs through to the third quarter of 2024.Collaboration with the CEA to study the mechanism of action of NFL-101At the start of February 2023  NFL Biosciences set up a research partnership with the French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) to study the mechanism of action of its drug candidate NFL-101. This study  scheduled to run for nine months  is being led by the CEA’s Paris-Saclay Pharmacological Neuroimaging team. It will focus on following  by positron emission tomography (PET) imaging  the modifications in the cerebral function associated with the development of tobacco addiction in mice  in order to highlight the central effects of NFL-101 treatment.Governance changesNFL Biosciences’ Board of Directors acknowledged Mr Joël Besse’s resignation from his positions as a Company director and Chairman of its Board of Directors on February 27  2023. The Board of Directors decided to appoint Mr Ignacio Faus  the Company’s Chief Executive Officer  as Chairman of the Board of Directors for a period that will not exceed his term of office as a director  i.e. through to the end of the General Meeting held in 2024 to approve the financial statements for the year ending December 31  2023.2022 full-year earningsThe full-year financial statements for 2022 (January 1 2022 – December 31  2022)  prepared in accordance with French GAAP  were approved by the Board of Directors during its meeting on April 24  2023. The procedures to audit the annual accounts have been completed. The statutory auditors’ reports will be issued when the 2022 Annual Report is published.Corporate accounts (€) December 31  2021 December 31  2022 Net revenues - - Total operating income 39 22 EBIT (901 867) (3 083 170) Financial income (expense) (217 643) 182 831 Non-recurring income (expense) - 39 025 Net income (978 243) (2 443 484) Shareholders’ equity 3 287 481 843 996 Intangible assets (patents) 124 034 135 784 Liabilities Of which financial liabilitiesOf which operating liabilities 270 74985 007185 742 1 478 51083 2561 395 254 Cash and cash equivalents 3 039 570 1 053 581 Balance sheet total 3 685 207 2 395 484In 2022  NFL Biosciences recorded €22 of operating income  compared with €39 in 2021. Still in the clinical trials development stage  NFL Biosciences did not record any revenues during the last two years.In line with the resources allocated to drive progress with the programs presented above  and the Company’s operations  EBIT came to €(3.1)m in 2022  compared with €(0.9)m in 2021. Payroll and social security contributions totaled €0.7m for four people at December 31  2022  compared with €0.3m for three people at the end of 2021.In 2022  NFL Biosciences reported a research tax credit (CIR) of €0.4m  compared with €0.1m in 2021  with this change reflecting the ramping up of its research programs.Financial income and expenses for 2022 totaled €0.2m  compared with €(0.2)m in 2021  reflecting the reversal of the provision for the NFL Australia receivables recorded in the accounts in 2021  following the completion of the process to shut this entity down. As a result  NFL Biosciences recorded €(2.4)m of net income  compared with €(1.0)m in 2021.As of December 31  2022  the Company had €0.8m of shareholders’ equity and €1.0m of cash. The total amount of liabilities at December 31  2022 came to €1.5m  with €0.1m of financial liabilities and €1.4m of operating liabilities. These cash and liability figures do not take into account the various financing facilities set up in 2023 as presented above.Outlook for 2023The initial results from the two clinical studies underway are expected to be available in the third quarter of 2023 (PRECESTO) and the fourth quarter of 2023 (CESTO II). Alongside this  NFL Biosciences has submitted a request for scientific advice to the EMA with a view to determining the future development of NFL-101 before its marketing authorization. This scientific advice will be issued in the second quarter of 2023. NFL BIOSCIENCES has also opened talks with several pharmaceutical companies looking into a future partnership for NFL-101. Once the PRECESTO and CESTO II results have been obtained  these discussions could be accelerated.The collaboration with CEA Paris-Saclay  which aims to make progress with the understanding of the mechanism of action of NFL-101  will continue moving forward in 2023. Understanding NFL-101’s mechanism of action is considered to be a very important element for several pharmaceutical companies.Lastly  for NFL-301  the collaboration with ATHENA Pharmaceutiques is moving forward in line with the action plan. As the priority of this project is in the American market  discussions will be launched in 2023 with the FDA to clearly define the clinical development pathway. Non-dilutive financing options in the United States could then be available.NFL BIOSCIENCES has a cash horizon through to the third quarter of 2024 and will continue to benefit from an organization with limited fixed costs. Looking further ahead  NFL Biosciences will need additional financing which  independently or combined  may come from (1) capital increases  (2) non-dilutive financing and (3) partnerships with pharmaceutical companies.Next financial date: 2023 first-half earnings: September 19  2023 (before start of trading).About NFL BiosciencesNFL Biosciences is a biopharmaceutical company based in the Montpellier area which develops botanical drug candidates for the treatment of addictions. NFL Biosciences' ambition is to bring new  natural  safer and more effective therapeutic solutions to the entire world population  including low- and middle-income countries. Its most advanced product  called NFL-101  is a standardized  nicotine free tobacco leaf extract protected by two patent families. NFL Biosciences intends to offer smokers who want to quit a natural  safe  easy-to-administer and personalized alternative. NFL Biosciences is also developing NFL-301  a natural drug candidate for the reduction of alcohol consumption and has a drug development project for the treatment of cannabis use disorder.The shares of NFL Biosciences are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (FR0014003XT0 – ALNFL). Find out more at www.nflbiosciences.comContactsBruno Lafont – info@nflbiosciences.com - +33 4 11 93 76 67 Agence Calyptus – nflbiosciences@calyptus.net - +33 1 53 65 68 68Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.7,0.17,0.13,True,English,"['NFL Biosciences', '2022 full-year business', 'earnings update', 'NFL-101 CESTO II Phase II/III clinical trial', 'PRECESTO phase IIa clinical trial', 'eight Clinical Investigation Centers', 'CHU university hospital centers', 'other smoking cessation treatments', 'other smoking cessation methods', 'two priority drug candidates', 'French Ethical Review Board', 'PRECESTO clinical trial', 'important clinical study', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Chief Executive Officer', '€3.1m fundrasing round', 'key scientific period', 'French National Agency', 'CESTO II study', 'necessary regulatory authorizations', 'high smoking satisfaction', 'new patent application', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Eurofins-Optimed research institute', 'innovative treatment method', 'initial public offering', 'NFL Biosciences Chairman', 'PRECESTO study', 'French English', 'public organizations', 'cigarette satisfaction', 'Drug Administration', '2022 full-year business', 'earnings update', 'Initial results', 'fourth quarter', 'potential complementarity', 'second quarter', 'third quarter', 'Co-development agreement', 'alcohol consumption', 'Intellectual property', 'South Korea', 'United States', 'Diversified sources', 'cash runway', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'botanical drugs', 'full-year results', 'many areas', 'cash requirements', 'Ignacio Faus', 'many advances', 'financial position', 'coming quarters', 'Health Products', 'favorable opinion', 'standardized version', 'pharmaceutical use', 'natural product', 'Institut Pasteur', 'tobacco allergies', 'tobacco factories', 'best dose', 'various primary', 'secondary criteria', 'final recruitments', '€1,500,000 innovation advance', 'recoverable advance', 'main objective', 'transdermal patches', 'financing strategy', 'non-dilutive financing', 'Patient recruitment', 'financing contract', 'Volunteer recruitment', 'business plan', '2030 plan', 'volunteers', 'Progress', 'NFL-30', 'China', 'start', 'ALNFL', 'addictions', 'Directors', 'April', 'success', 'completion', 'part', 'place', 'July', 'transaction', 'January', 'France', 'efficacy', 'end', 'confidence', 'order', 'Safety', 'ANSM', 'CPP', 'September', 'people', 'objectives', 'Food', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'total', 'CIC', 'Bordeaux', 'Clermont-Ferrand', 'Dijon', 'Lorient', 'Marseille', 'Montpellier', 'Poitiers', 'Rennes', 'Grenoble', 'terms', 'funding', 'February', 'Programme', 'Investissement', 'Avenir', 'balance', 'addition', 'funds', 'resources', 'substitutes', 'tablets', 'inhalers', 'sprays', '34 smokers', 'ability']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23704,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2653605/0/en/Nextensa-Lake-Side-One-of-Belgium-s-largest-urban-transformations-enters-final-phase.html,Nextensa: Lake Side: One of Belgium's largest urban transformations enters final phase,PRESS RELEASE  Brussels  25 April 2023  11.30 AM            LAKE SIDE: One of Belgium's largest urban transformations enters final phase         Within...,"English Dutch FrenchPRESS RELEASEBrussels  25 April 2023  11.30 AMLAKE SIDE: One of Belgium's largest urban transformations enters final phaseWithin a few years  the iconic Tour & Taxis site in Brussels will have definitively earned itself a place in the global landscape of urban renewal. With the transformation of the former marshalling yard into some 800 new homes  offices  shops  restaurants  and public facilities in addition to an expansion of the Park  one of the most neglected spots in Brussels is finally fully flourishing. Real estate developer and investor Nextensa is counting on a team of Belgian and international top architects to achieve this feat. With the submission of the permit application for the Lake Side subproject  one of the largest urban developments in Belgium in the last 20 years is entering its final phase.Whether you’re a Brussels native or not  the Tour & Taxis site captures everyone's imagination. More than 100 years ago  the former logistics site on the canal in Brussels was one of the world's first platforms for multimodal freight transport - including transport by water  road  and rail. At its peak in the 1960s  more than 3 000 employees worked on the site every day. After the last logistics activities wound down at the end of the 20th century  the site became a lost and neglected locale in Brussels.But in recent years  the site has been transformed from a place where goods from all over the world once arrived to a place where numerous activities and events take place and people of all nationalities come together. With its famous Gare Maritime  the Royal and Public Warehouses  the new ponds  homes  restaurants  offices  and shops  not to mention the largest recently built park in Brussels  the site has grown into one of the absolute hotspots in our country.“When we took over the site more than 20 years ago  this was a real challenge. The site has since become a driving force for the entire city of Brussels – for its neighbours  residents  businesses  and merchants alike. Urban development  of course  is more than just building iconic projects. You have to involve the entire surroundings and try to take the whole area to the next level.” Michel Van Geyte  CEO NextensaNow  with the Lake Side project  Tour & Taxis is entering the final development phase. Nextensa recently applied for the relevant permits. In concrete terms  Lake Side is a development of some 140 000 square metres with a largely residential programme  accounting for around 800 new homes. These plans are part of the Tour & Taxis Special Regional Planning Study (Bijzondere Bestemmingsplan or BBP)  which was approved in 2017. Rotterdam-based architecture firm MVRDV translated this BBP into an urban master plan that seamlessly blends into the site's programming. The surrounding grounds will also be integrated into the new zone by the internationally acclaimed landscape architect Bas Smets.SustainabilityWhat immediately stands out about the new plans is the abundance of greenery. In fact  the master plan even creates new open spaces between buildings. These spaces will contain as many diverse species of grasses  herbs  flowers  shrubs  and trees as possible. The current Park Tour & Taxis will also be further expanded. One of the top priorities of Lake Side is sustainability.“We are considering the nature as well as the people and society. This new district will be completely free of fossil fuels  and we aim to minimise our ecological footprint through our choice of building materials  by capturing all rainwater for reuse ... Socially  it is the perfect mix of residences and workplaces for a wide target audience  all within a vehicle-free environment which optimises biodiversity  entertainment and activities  and community formation.”Trees Verhoogen  Sustainability Manager NextensaLake Side will ultimately become one of the most sustainable neighbourhoods in Brussels  at least among those of this scale. For example  all the office buildings are aiming for BREEAM Outstanding-level certifications – the highest level of the internationally recognised quality label that promotes sustainable construction.The MixThe most important portion of the new district is residential  but the site will also be home to offices  restaurants  and local shops as well as public facilities  which  in turn  will be further concretised in consultation with the relevant authorities. The residential programme will be partly high-rise.“We are responding to the great need for housing in Brussels with the broadest possible social mix. The BBP envisages numerous new housing units here  and if we want to create more open space  it makes sense to build upwards for at least some of these homes. And  indeed  if there is one place in our city where we can harmoniously interconnect higher residential volumes  it is here."" Peter De Durpel  COO NextensaAt the same time  a healthy social mix is created in which high-quality and affordable housing is part of a larger whole.“In urban development  it's all about the mix – a mix of housing for a broad public as well as functions and green spaces. However  affordable housing should never come at the expense of quality of life."" Michel Van Geyte  CEO NextensaVehicle-freeA large  central parking area for bicycles was recently built  and the main entrance on Havenlaan is  from now on  exclusively for cyclists and pedestrians. All vehicles are diverted to underground parking facilities. This highlights Tour & Taxis’ commitment to soft mobility. As a result  the site is now largely vehicle-free  and the intention is to reduce the number of vehicles even more in the future.“With the arrival of Lake Side  we are going one step further in creating our ‘5-minute neighbourhood’. Where home  work  recreation  and nature are all reachable within 5 minutes. You don't need a car for a maximum of local amenities. Smart mobility  proper building zoning and a mix of functions is the key."" Peter De Durpel  COO NextensaIf everything goes according to plan  construction could start in early 2025  ensuring the continuity of the development of Tour & Taxis. Currently  Nextensa is completing the Park Lane residential development  which also includes some 800 residential units. This work should be complete by the end of 2024. To inform all stakeholders  especially those living in the immediate vicinity of the Tour & Taxis neighbourhood  about the new plans  Nextensa will organise regular neighbourhood information events.Lake Side FACT SHEET140 000 square metres of new buildings – on a site that totals 33 haApproximately 800 homes37 000 square metres of offices2 800 square metres of shops/restaurants3 800 square metres of public facilitiesApproximately 630 parking spaces for cars  66 spaces for motorcycles and 1 950 spaces for bicycleArchitects: Binst Architects  POLO  HUB  Bureau Bouwtechniek  3XN  Cobe  Effekt  MVRDVLandscape architect: Bureau Bas SmetsStability studies: Ney & PartnersTechnical studies: CESSafety coordination: BoproABOUT NEXTENSANextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/03/2023 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail  and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €396.6 million (value 31/03/2023).FOR MORE INFORMATIONPeter De Durpel | Chief Operations OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstreet 11  B505  1000 Brussels  Belgium+32 474 47 40 02 | peter.de.durpel@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.eu | www.lakeside.brusselsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.25,0.2,True,English,"['largest urban transformations', 'Lake Side', 'final phase', 'Belgium', 'Taxis Special Regional Planning Study', 'broadest possible social mix', 'numerous new housing units', 'The current Park Tour', 'English Dutch French', 'former marshalling yard', 'famous Gare Maritime', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Rotterdam-based architecture firm', 'many diverse species', 'wide target audience', 'BREEAM Outstanding-level certifications', 'Peter De Durpel', 'healthy social mix', 'Real estate developer', 'international top architects', 'higher residential volumes', 'multimodal freight transport', 'largest urban transformations', 'largest urban developments', 'Lake Side subproject', 'Lake Side project', 'last logistics activities', 'urban master plan', 'former logistics site', 'new open spaces', 'final development phase', 'numerous activities', 'The Mix', 'final phase', 'urban renewal', 'real challenge', 'top priorities', 'new ponds', 'residential programme', 'new zone', 'new district', 'last 20 years', 'perfect mix', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'global landscape', 'public facilities', 'neglected spots', 'permit application', 'first platforms', '20th century', 'Public Warehouses', 'absolute hotspots', 'driving force', 'iconic projects', 'entire surroundings', 'next level', 'relevant permits', 'concrete terms', '140,000 square metres', 'Bijzondere Bestemmingsplan', 'surrounding grounds', 'landscape architect', 'Bas Smets', 'fossil fuels', 'ecological footprint', 'building materials', 'vehicle-free environment', 'community formation', 'sustainable neighbourhoods', 'highest level', 'quality label', 'sustainable construction', 'important portion', 'relevant authorities', 'great need', 'The BBP', 'same time', 'affordable housing', '800 new homes', 'new plans', 'iconic Tour', 'recent years', 'Taxis site', 'entire city', 'Trees Verhoogen', 'office buildings', 'Sustainability Manager', 'local shops', 'one place', 'COO Nextensa', 'Brussels native', '25 April', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'restaurants', 'addition', 'expansion', 'investor', 'team', 'Belgian', 'feat', 'submission', 'everyone', 'imagination', 'canal', 'world', 'water', 'rail', 'peak', '1960s', '3,000 employees', 'end', 'locale', 'goods', 'events', 'people', 'nationalities', 'Royal', 'country', 'neighbours', 'residents', 'businesses', 'merchants', 'course', 'area', 'CEO', 'part', 'MVRDV', 'programming', 'abundance', 'greenery', 'fact', 'grasses', 'herbs', 'flowers', 'shrubs', 'nature', 'society', 'choice', 'reuse', 'residences', 'workplaces', 'biodiversity', 'entertainment', 'scale', 'example', 'turn', 'consultation', 'sense', 'high-quality', 'larger', '11.30']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23705,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXTENSA-SA-5965/news/Nextensa-Lake-Side-One-of-Belgium-s-largest-urban-transformations-enters-final-phase-43628302/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,Nextensa: Lake Side: One of Belgium's largest urban transformations enters final phase,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Brussels  25 April 2023  11.30 AM          LAKE SIDE: One of Belgium's largest urban transformations enters final phase       Within a few years  the iconic Tour & Taxis site in Brussels will have definitively earned itself …,"PRESS RELEASEBrussels  25 April 2023  11.30 AMLAKE SIDE: One of Belgium's largest urban transformations enters final phaseWithin a few years  the iconic Tour & Taxis site in Brussels will have definitively earned itself a place in the global landscape of urban renewal. With the transformation of the former marshalling yard into some 800 new homes  offices  shops  restaurants  and public facilities in addition to an expansion of the Park  one of the most neglected spots in Brussels is finally fully flourishing. Real estate developer and investor Nextensa is counting on a team of Belgian and international top architects to achieve this feat. With the submission of the permit application for the Lake Side subproject  one of the largest urban developments in Belgium in the last 20 years is entering its final phase.Whether you’re a Brussels native or not  the Tour & Taxis site captures everyone's imagination. More than 100 years ago  the former logistics site on the canal in Brussels was one of the world's first platforms for multimodal freight transport - including transport by water  road  and rail. At its peak in the 1960s  more than 3 000 employees worked on the site every day. After the last logistics activities wound down at the end of the 20th century  the site became a lost and neglected locale in Brussels.But in recent years  the site has been transformed from a place where goods from all over the world once arrived to a place where numerous activities and events take place and people of all nationalities come together. With its famous Gare Maritime  the Royal and Public Warehouses  the new ponds  homes  restaurants  offices  and shops  not to mention the largest recently built park in Brussels  the site has grown into one of the absolute hotspots in our country.“When we took over the site more than 20 years ago  this was a real challenge. The site has since become a driving force for the entire city of Brussels – for its neighbours  residents  businesses  and merchants alike. Urban development  of course  is more than just building iconic projects. You have to involve the entire surroundings and try to take the whole area to the next level.” Michel Van Geyte  CEO NextensaNow  with the Lake Side project  Tour & Taxis is entering the final development phase. Nextensa recently applied for the relevant permits. In concrete terms  Lake Side is a development of some 140 000 square metres with a largely residential programme  accounting for around 800 new homes. These plans are part of the Tour & Taxis Special Regional Planning Study (Bijzondere Bestemmingsplan or BBP)  which was approved in 2017. Rotterdam-based architecture firm MVRDV translated this BBP into an urban master plan that seamlessly blends into the site's programming. The surrounding grounds will also be integrated into the new zone by the internationally acclaimed landscape architect Bas Smets.SustainabilityWhat immediately stands out about the new plans is the abundance of greenery. In fact  the master plan even creates new open spaces between buildings. These spaces will contain as many diverse species of grasses  herbs  flowers  shrubs  and trees as possible. The current Park Tour & Taxis will also be further expanded. One of the top priorities of Lake Side is sustainability.“We are considering the nature as well as the people and society. This new district will be completely free of fossil fuels  and we aim to minimise our ecological footprint through our choice of building materials  by capturing all rainwater for reuse ... Socially  it is the perfect mix of residences and workplaces for a wide target audience  all within a vehicle-free environment which optimises biodiversity  entertainment and activities  and community formation.”Trees Verhoogen  Sustainability Manager NextensaLake Side will ultimately become one of the most sustainable neighbourhoods in Brussels  at least among those of this scale. For example  all the office buildings are aiming for BREEAM Outstanding-level certifications – the highest level of the internationally recognised quality label that promotes sustainable construction.The MixThe most important portion of the new district is residential  but the site will also be home to offices  restaurants  and local shops as well as public facilities  which  in turn  will be further concretised in consultation with the relevant authorities. The residential programme will be partly high-rise.“We are responding to the great need for housing in Brussels with the broadest possible social mix. The BBP envisages numerous new housing units here  and if we want to create more open space  it makes sense to build upwards for at least some of these homes. And  indeed  if there is one place in our city where we can harmoniously interconnect higher residential volumes  it is here."" Peter De Durpel  COO NextensaAt the same time  a healthy social mix is created in which high-quality and affordable housing is part of a larger whole.“In urban development  it's all about the mix – a mix of housing for a broad public as well as functions and green spaces. However  affordable housing should never come at the expense of quality of life."" Michel Van Geyte  CEO NextensaVehicle-freeA large  central parking area for bicycles was recently built  and the main entrance on Havenlaan is  from now on  exclusively for cyclists and pedestrians. All vehicles are diverted to underground parking facilities. This highlights Tour & Taxis’ commitment to soft mobility. As a result  the site is now largely vehicle-free  and the intention is to reduce the number of vehicles even more in the future.“With the arrival of Lake Side  we are going one step further in creating our ‘5-minute neighbourhood’. Where home  work  recreation  and nature are all reachable within 5 minutes. You don't need a car for a maximum of local amenities. Smart mobility  proper building zoning and a mix of functions is the key."" Peter De Durpel  COO NextensaIf everything goes according to plan  construction could start in early 2025  ensuring the continuity of the development of Tour & Taxis. Currently  Nextensa is completing the Park Lane residential development  which also includes some 800 residential units. This work should be complete by the end of 2024. To inform all stakeholders  especially those living in the immediate vicinity of the Tour & Taxis neighbourhood  about the new plans  Nextensa will organise regular neighbourhood information events.Lake Side FACT SHEET140 000 square metres of new buildings – on a site that totals 33 haApproximately 800 homes37 000 square metres of offices2 800 square metres of shops/restaurants3 800 square metres of public facilitiesApproximately 630 parking spaces for cars  66 spaces for motorcycles and 1 950 spaces for bicycleArchitects: Binst Architects  POLO  HUB  Bureau Bouwtechniek  3XN  Cobe  Effekt  MVRDVLandscape architect: Bureau Bas SmetsStability studies: Ney & PartnersTechnical studies: CESSafety coordination: BoproABOUT NEXTENSANextensa SA is a mixed real estate investor and developer. The company’s investment portfolio is divided between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (41%)  Belgium (44%) and Austria (15%); its total value as of 31/03/2023 was approximately € 1.28 billion.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail  and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalization of €396.6 million (value 31/03/2023).FOR MORE INFORMATIONPeter De Durpel | Chief Operations OfficerGare Maritime  Picardstreet 11  B505  1000 Brussels  Belgium+32 474 47 40 02 | peter.de.durpel@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.eu | www.lakeside.brusselsAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.01,0.33,True,English,"['largest urban transformations', 'Lake Side', 'final phase', 'Belgium', 'Taxis Special Regional Planning Study', 'landscape architect Bas Smets', 'broadest possible social mix', 'numerous new housing units', 'The current Park Tour', 'former marshalling yard', 'famous Gare Maritime', 'Michel Van Geyte', 'Rotterdam-based architecture firm', 'many diverse species', 'wide target audience', 'BREEAM Outstanding-level certifications', 'Peter De Durpel', 'healthy social mix', 'Real estate developer', 'international top architects', 'higher residential volumes', 'multimodal freight transport', 'largest urban transformations', 'largest urban developments', 'Lake Side subproject', 'Lake Side project', 'last logistics activities', 'urban master plan', 'former logistics site', 'new open spaces', 'final development phase', 'global landscape', 'numerous activities', 'The Mix', 'final phase', 'urban renewal', 'real challenge', 'top priorities', 'new ponds', 'residential programme', 'new zone', 'new district', 'last 20 years', 'perfect mix', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'public facilities', 'neglected spots', 'permit application', 'first platforms', '20th century', 'Public Warehouses', 'absolute hotspots', 'driving force', 'iconic projects', 'entire surroundings', 'next level', 'relevant permits', 'concrete terms', '140,000 square metres', 'Bijzondere Bestemmingsplan', 'surrounding grounds', 'fossil fuels', 'ecological footprint', 'building materials', 'vehicle-free environment', 'community formation', 'sustainable neighbourhoods', 'highest level', 'quality label', 'sustainable construction', 'important portion', 'relevant authorities', 'great need', 'The BBP', 'same time', 'affordable housing', 'larger whole', 'broad public', '800 new homes', 'new plans', 'iconic Tour', 'recent years', 'Taxis site', 'entire city', 'Trees Verhoogen', 'office buildings', 'CEO Nextensa', 'COO Nextensa', 'Sustainability Manager', 'local shops', 'one place', 'Brussels native', '25 April', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'restaurants', 'addition', 'expansion', 'investor', 'team', 'Belgian', 'feat', 'submission', 'everyone', 'imagination', 'canal', 'world', 'water', 'rail', 'peak', '1960s', '3,000 employees', 'end', 'locale', 'goods', 'events', 'people', 'nationalities', 'Royal', 'country', 'neighbours', 'residents', 'businesses', 'merchants', 'course', 'area', 'part', 'MVRDV', 'programming', 'abundance', 'greenery', 'fact', 'grasses', 'herbs', 'flowers', 'shrubs', 'nature', 'society', 'choice', 'reuse', 'residences', 'workplaces', 'biodiversity', 'entertainment', 'scale', 'example', 'turn', 'consultation', 'sense', 'high-quality', '11.30']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23706,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/researchers-at-ipsos-the-university-of-chicago-and-university-of-michigan-present-new-analysis-on-the-lifesaving-impact-of-public-safety-early-warning-systems-in-ukraine-301807110.html,Researchers at Ipsos  the University of Chicago  and University of Michigan present new analysis on the lifesaving impact of public safety early warning systems in Ukraine,Public safety alerts have saved countless lives in Ukraine — but lose effectiveness over time  according to new study NEW YORK  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Researchers from Ipsos  the University of Chicago  and the University of Michigan have produced the …,"Public safety alerts have saved countless lives in Ukraine — but lose effectiveness over time  according to new studyNEW YORK  April 25  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Researchers from Ipsos  the University of Chicago  and the University of Michigan have produced the first comprehensive study on the effectiveness of government air raid alerts during the conflict in Ukraine  finding that as many as 35-45% of casualties have been prevented in the first few months of the war through heightened public responsiveness and the Ukrainian government's effective communications strategy.The paper  which pairs an innovative methodology with the authors' deep geopolitical expertise  appears today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS)  one of the world's most prestigious and frequently cited interdisciplinary journals.Co-authors Mark Polyak  President of Analytics at Ipsos  Austin L. Wright  Assistant Professor at the University of Chicago  and David Van Dijcke  PhD student in Economics at the University of Michigan  have provided substantial evidence that policymakers must sustain and adapt their messaging during prolonged conflicts in order to keep civilians safe.This study provides valuable lessons not only for the Ukrainian government  but for another 39 countries that have developed similar early warning systems. ""What combination of messaging and technologies is likely to work in conflict conditions  and how to measure the effectiveness of these strategies  is key to avoiding civilian casualties  especially as geopolitical tensions continue to rise in the post-Soviet space "" said Ipsos' Mark Polyak.Like many other nations around the world  Ukraine has developed a hybrid early warning air alert system that combines a smartphone application with conventional air sirens to urge citizens to take shelter during military operations. Yet large scale population behavior in response to these warnings has gone underexamined until now. How do citizens respond immediately after receiving an alert? Do their response times change as a conflict persists? How should government communications change to continue providing effective messaging as ""alert fatigue"" sets in?With these questions in mind  the authors examined responses to the more than 3 000 civilian alerts through high-frequency geolocation pings tied to 17 million anonymized mobile devices  representing 60% of the connected population in Ukraine.The analysis indicated that public safety interventions play a crucial role in keeping non-combatants from harm — but it also revealed that this responsiveness tapers off over time  which can be attributed to the gradual normalization of risk in wartime environments. Researchers concluded that between eight to fifteen percent of casualties could have been avoided through heightened public response.This ""alert fatigue"" presents a considerable challenge for public safety. The University of Chicago's Austin Wright points out that ""decreasing public responsiveness is a cause for concern  with potentially large losses tied to this shift as the war continues and we see shift to increased utilization of unmanned aerial raids.""In order to minimize harm without hindering economic and social activity  the authors suggest  policymakers must develop targeted messaging that heightens the public's awareness of potential risks. Even small increases in responsiveness and urgency could play an outsized role in reducing the loss of life.""One thing that struck me is how alert fatigue persists along various dimensions  even when we account for the different ways in which people may have adapted to the wartime situation "" the University of Michigan's David van Dijcke noted.""At the same time  it does not seem like the fatigue is unavoidable. On days where the Ukrainian government sent out special announcements about the war  people responded much more strongly to the alerts  which underlines the important role the Ukrainian government has played in sustaining the public's morale and hope during this tragic invasion.""ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD). ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comSOURCE Ipsos",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.04,0.07,0.89,True,English,"['public safety early warning systems', 'new analysis', 'lifesaving impact', 'Researchers', 'Ipsos', 'University', 'Chicago', 'Michigan', 'Ukraine', 'hybrid early warning air alert system', 'similar early warning systems', '17 million anonymized mobile devices', 'eight to fifteen percent', 'large scale population behavior', 'government air raid alerts', 'conventional air sirens', 'David Van Dijcke', 'high-frequency geolocation pings', 'unmanned aerial raids', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'deep geopolitical expertise', 'social media monitoring', 'effective communications strategy', 'Austin L. Wright', 'many other nations', 'public safety interventions', 'Public safety alerts', 'first comprehensive study', ""Ipsos' Mark Polyak"", 'connected population', 'Austin Wright', 'large losses', 'government communications', 'geopolitical tensions', '3,000 civilian alerts', 'social activity', 'alert fatigue', 'Ukrainian government', 'countless lives', 'new study', 'NEW YORK', 'innovative methodology', 'National Academy', 'interdisciplinary journals', 'Assistant Professor', 'PhD student', 'substantial evidence', 'prolonged conflicts', 'valuable lessons', 'post-Soviet space', 'smartphone application', 'military operations', 'effective messaging', 'crucial role', 'gradual normalization', 'wartime environments', 'considerable challenge', 'potential risks', 'small increases', 'outsized role', 'One thing', 'various dimensions', 'different ways', 'wartime situation', 'special announcements', 'important role', 'tragic invasion', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'response times', 'public response', 'public responsiveness', 'targeted messaging', 'SOURCE Ipsos', 'conflict conditions', 'civilian casualties', 'same time', 'changing world', 'The University', 'Ukraine', 'effectiveness', 'Researchers', 'Chicago', 'Michigan', 'months', 'paper', 'authors', 'Proceedings', 'Sciences', 'PNAS', 'prestigious', 'President', 'Analytics', 'Economics', 'policymakers', 'order', 'civilians', '39 countries', 'combination', 'technologies', 'strategies', 'citizens', 'shelter', 'warnings', 'questions', 'mind', 'responses', 'analysis', 'combatants', 'harm', 'decreasing', 'cause', 'concern', 'shift', 'utilization', 'awareness', 'urgency', 'life', 'people', 'days', 'morale', 'hope', '90 markets', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'employees', '75 solutions', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'part', 'SBF 120', 'SRD']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,prnewswire.com
23707,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/25/2654228/0/en/BIC-FIRST-QUARTER-2023-RESULTS.html,BIC: FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS,Clichy  France  April 25  2023    FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1+4.3% top line growth. Continued solid execution driven by the Horizon strategic plan.   ......,"English FrenchClichy  France  April 25  2023FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1+4.3% top line growth. Continued solid execution driven by the Horizon strategic plan.Market share gains in most key regions building on 2022 momentum.Human Expression : +8.5% Net Sales growth at constant currency (CC)  driven by strong Back-to-School season in Brazil and double-digit growth in the Middle East and Africa regions: +8.5% Net Sales growth at constant currency (CC)  driven by strong Back-to-School season in Brazil and double-digit growth in the Middle East and Africa regions Flame for Life : -1.3% Net Sales change at CC versus Q1 2022 that benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at CC: -1.3% Net Sales change at CC versus Q1 2022 that benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at CC Blade Excellence: +9.0% Net Sales growth at CC  fueled by efficient commercial execution in Europe and added-value products in Latin AmericaHorizon delivered further results: success of new  consumer-centric and more sustainable products and robust commercial execution both online and in-stores.Adjusted EBIT margin at 13.0% impacted by input cost inflation  negative Forex  further investments in Brand Support and Opex.Sustained Operating Cash Flow +€105.4 million. Free Cash Flow was negative €33.8 million due to higher inventory build ahead of the Back-to-School season.KEY GROUP FINANCIAL FIGURESin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Change as reported +25.5% +4.5% Change on a comparative basis +18.8% +0.9% Change on a constant currency basis +20.4% +4.3% EBIT Margin 19.0% 13.3% Adjusted EBIT Margin 19.8% 13.0% EPS (in euros) 1.53 1.17 Adjusted EPS (in euros) 1.60 1.17 Free Cash Flow before acquisitions and disposals (1.9) (33.8) Net Cash Position 340.1 297.1Gonzalve Bich  Chief Executive Officer commented: “Heightened consumer demand for recent product innovations resulting from our Horizon Plan drove market share gains across most of our key regions during the first quarter of 2023. This includes the launches of our new BIC® EasyRinse razor in the US  the BIC® EZ Reach lighter in Europe  and an exclusive collection of Inkbox semi-permanent tattoos  available for the first time in-store at a major US retailer. Sales momentum was bolstered by strategic investments globally in expanded distribution channels  as well as compelling new consumer advertising campaigns helmed by influential celebrity talent. In a time of such macroeconomic uncertainty  our delivery of high-quality and value-for-money products that consumers trust drove topline growth following the prior year’s exceptionally high comparable basis.For the balance of the year  we will continue to focus on exemplary omnichannel execution as we bring consumer-centric innovation to both core and added-value products. Accordingly  we confirm our 2023 objectives to grow our business profitably across all divisions  with Horizon Plan serving as our North Star.”2023 Outlook confirmed (based on current market assumptions1F2)Full Year 2023 Net Sales are expected to grow between +5% and +7% at constant currencies driven by price  mix and volumes. We expect to improve 2023 adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBIT margin  with a growing Gross Profit margin  partially offset by continued investments in our Operations and Brand support  aimed at driving our Horizon ambition of delivering long-term profitable growth.Free Cash Flow is expected to be above €200 million in 2023  for the fifth year in a row.Q1 2023 KEY HIGHLIGHTSNET SALES  EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST AND TAXES (EBIT)  AND ADJUSTED EBITin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Change as reported +25.5% +4.5% Change on a comparative basis +18.8% +0.9% Change on a constant currency basis +20.4% +4.3% Gross Profit 267.1 268.1 Gross Profit margin 51.8% 49.8% EBITDA 123.6 95.8 EBIT 97.9 71.9 EBIT margin 19.0% 13.3% Non-recurring items 4.0 (1.8) Adjusted EBIT 101.9 70.0 Adjusted EBIT margin 19.8% 13.0%First Quarter 2023 Net Sales increased 4.3% at constant currencies and 0.9% on a comparative basis. Net Sales growth was driven by solid commercial execution  both online and in-stores  in our Human Expression and Blade Excellence divisions; notably in developing market such as Latin America  India and Middle East and Africa.Q1 2023 Gross Profit margin decreased by 2.0 points to 49.8%  negatively impacted by: input cost inflation (raw material and electricity costs)  fixed cost absorption and Forex (mainly due to USD/MXN  as EUR/USD hedging was favorable). This was partially offset by the favorable impact of price and mix and manufacturing efficiencies. Adjusted EBIT margin was 13.0% compared to 19.8% in Q1 2022  driven by gross profit decline  and increased Opex and Brand Support investments. As a reminder  Q1 2022 margin benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing.Non-recurring items included:In Q1 2022:€(1.0) million of acquisition costs related to Inkbox acquired in January 2022€(3.0) million related to Ukraine operations impairmentIn Q1 2023:€(1.4) million related to Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) earnout€3.2 million Rocketbook earnoutKEY COMPONENTS OF THE CHANGE IN ADJUSTED EBIT MARGINin points Q12022 vs. 2021 Q12023 vs. 2022 Change in Gross Profit +0.2 (2.0) Brand Support (0.5) (1.2) Opex and other expenses2F3 +5.4 (3.6) Total change in Adjusted EBIT margin +5.1 (6.8)NET INCOME AND EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)in millions euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Finance revenue/costs (2.6) (1.2) Income before Tax 95.2 70.7 Net Income Group share 67.6 50.8 Adjusted Net Income Group Share 71.0 50.8 Adjusted EPS Group Share (in euros) 3F4 1.60 1.17 EPS Group Share (in euros) 1.53 1.17Q1 2023 effective tax rate was 28.1% vs. 29.0% for Q1 2022.NET CASH POSITIONin million euros 2022 2023 Net Cash position (beginning of period: December) 400.1 359.9 Net cash from operating activities +15.7 (12.2) Of which operating cash flow +122.8 +105.4 Of which change in working capital and others (107.1) (117.6) CAPEX4F5 (17.6) (21.6) Share buyback program (13.1) (27.6) Net cash from the liquidity contract (0.3) +0.1 Proceed from Pimaco divestiture +1.1 - Acquisitions5F6 (58.3) - Other items +12.5 (1.5) Net Cash position (end of period: March) 340.1 297.1Operating Cash Flow was €105.4 million  resulting from good business performance. The €117.6 million negative change in Working Capital and others was mainly driven by higher Trade and other Receivables of €48.9 million linked to increased Net Sales and higher inventory levels of €50.2 million  primarily due to 2023 Back-to-School stock building. As a result  Q1 2023 Free Cash Flow before acquisitions and disposals was €(33.8) million.At the end of March 2023  Net Cash position was €297.1 million  with €27.6 million in share buybacks.SHAREHOLDERS' REMUNERATIONOrdinary dividend of € 2. 56 per share to be approved and paid in May 2023to be approved and paid in May 2023 €27.6 million in share buybacks were completed by SOCIÉTÉ BIC at the end of March 2023452 994 shares were purchased at an average price of €60.89.UPDATE ON HORIZON PLAN EXECUTIONConsumer-centricity and InnovationQ1 Net Sales performance was spurred on by a consumer-centric and strong innovation pipeline  as we pursued the execution of the Horizon Plan. Our breakthrough innovation the BIC® EasyRinse shaver launched online and in-stores in the US  showed promising early results  reflected in our market share value gain of 0.6% year-to-date. BIC® Soleil Escape  our most successful 2022 new item in Women Disposable segment  continued to contribute to growth in the US and is now being rolled out internationally. It has achieved a 3.3% market share in value in the US Women’s Disposables segment. The new BIC® Break-Resistant mechanical pencil  with lead that is 75% stronger than the leading US competitor  was launched in the US and performed well both online and in-stores.E-commerceE-commerce sales were in line with last year as a percentage of Net Sales. Growth was driven by double digit Net Sales increase from Omniretailers (+19%) and from our Direct-to-Consumer businesses (+14%). Performance was fueled by solid results in our Flame for Life and Blade Excellence divisions  notably in Latin America and the Middle East and Africa regions.Revenue Growth Management (RGM)As we build on our 2022 momentum  our Horizon growth strategy continued to drive our RGM capabilities during the first quarter. We remain focused on developing a portfolio that meets the needs of our consumers with further Net Sales per SKU growth of 10% alongside a net SKU reduction of 6%. We also continued to drive top-line growth through positive pricing and mix as well customer-oriented investments across our three divisions. For example  in North America  performance was driven by positive mix due to premium products  such as the Mechanical Pencil BIC® Break-Resistant in Human Expression and the BIC® EasyRinse shaver in Blade Excellence.External Growth and New businessesOur newly owned semi-permanent tattoo business Inkbox™ grew low double-digit year-on-year  fueled by strong growth online  as well as offline. For the first time  Inkbox™ tattoos were launched at a well-known retailer in the US across 1 500 stores nationwide during the quarter. This major retail collaboration will expand Inkbox’s in-store presence in the beauty aisle through standalone impactful displays. Additionally  during the quarter  Inkbox launched its new nail collection online  and started production in a UK based facility to enhance its international expansion.Path to SustainabilityWe continued to progress on our Sustainable Development journey  focusing on the reduction of virgin plastic in our products and packaging  and launching innovative products with reduced environmental impact. One such new product is our BIC® Ecolutions Gel Pen  made of 78% ocean-bound plastic  available since Q4 last year in the US. This new product complements our Ecolutions ecofriendly stationery range made of at least 50% recycled materials in 100% recycled and recyclable packaging.OPERATIONAL REVIEW BY DIVISIONHUMAN EXPRESSIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 168.3 177.5 Change as reported vs. prior year +28.4% +5.4% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +21.4% +1.5% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +25.4% +8.5% Adjusted EBIT 11.4 2.4 Adjusted EBIT Margin 6.8% 1.4%The Human Expression division performance was driven by growth in Developing Markets including Latin America  the Middle East  Africa  and India.In Europe and North America  negative phasing impacted performance following customers' early 2022 Back-to-School season orders last year. In Europe  in the face of declining markets  we gained market share in value in France +1.5pts and UK +0.2 pts7  notably driven by added-value segments like Coloring  in line with our Horizon ambitions. In the US  BIC successfully gained +0.4 pts in value8  fueled by core stationery products  including Mechanical Pencils  Correction and Permanent Markers. This proof point illustrates that BIC remains a value and valued brand chosen by consumers. As we pursue our goals to grow in adjacent segments  our new semi-permanent tattoo business Inkbox™ grew low double digit  led by solid growth with a major online player and a successful launch in-store at a large US retailer.In the Southern Hemisphere  Back-to-School performance was solid in Brazil  through strong execution both in-store and online and the success of core segments like Ball Pen and added-value products such as the Intensity range. This was in line with our Horizon goal to increase share in Creative Expression. In Mexico we outperformed the market in premium segments such as Coloring Markers. Sell-in was also driven by early Back-to-School orders. In the Middle East and Africa  Net Sales grew double-digit fueled by a robust Back-to-School season in Kenya and double-digit growth in Morrocco and Nigeria led by our core product  the BIC® Cristal Medium. Cello Net Sales performance in India was led by favorable mix with added-value products in the above 10 Rupee segment such as the Butterflow range which contributed successfully to growth.Q1 2023 Human Expression division adjusted EBIT margin was 1.4% compared to 6.8% in Q1 2022. The decrease was driven by unfavorable Forex  mainly the US dollar/Mexican peso exchange rate  manufacturing costs  as well as higher Opex. This was partially offset by favorable pricing and mix. Input cost inflation was more than offset by manufacturing efficiencies.FLAME FOR LIFEin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 226.4 228.5 Change as reported vs. prior year +29.7% +0.9% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +22.4% (2.6)% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +22.9% (1.3)% Adjusted EBIT 87.1 83.9 Adjusted EBIT Margin 38.5% 36.7%The Flame for Life division was driven by high-single to double-digit Net Sales performance in all key regions  except in the US which was impacted by the negative phasing versus Q1 2022. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at constant currency.In the US  the total lighter market declined -5.5% in volume and -1.2% in value9. However  BIC maintained its leadership position  gaining share in both volume  +1.5 pts  and value  +1.5 pts  ahead of its competitors. This was fueled by solid execution in the Modern Mass channel and positive price and mix  driven by the robust growth of added-value lighters including BIC® EZ Reach and Djeep®  combined with BIC Ecolutions launches at major retailers. Q1 Net Sales performance in the US was impacted by the negative phasing versus Q1 2022  which benefited from delayed shipments following supply issues in Q4 2021. In the Utility Lighters market in the US  BIC gained 5.9 pts in value boosted by performance in both Convenience and Modern mass channels  owing to the rebound in product availability compared to last year  due to sea freight challenges and longer lead times.In Europe  Net Sales grew high single digit  driven by price increases  further distribution in Eastern Europe and favorable mix with the success of our premium products such as decorated lighters  in line with our Horizon strategy to move towards a more value-driven model. BIC’s innovative EZ Reach lighter is currently being launched progressively across Europe.In Latin America  Brazil Net Sales grew double digit fueled by positive market trends  continued demand for smoking and non-smoking occasions  alongside high barriers for imported lighters. Performance was driven by all categories from classic pocket lighters to decorated and utility lighters  which supports our Flame for Life strategy to address further consumer needs for all flame occasions while leaning towards a more value-driven model.Q1 2023 Flame for Life division adjusted EBIT margin was 36.7% compared to 38.5% in Q1 2022. This was the result of unfavorable fixed cost absorption  negative Net Sales operating leverage in the US and higher Opex investments. Brand Support investments were also higher as we launched a new BIC® EZ Reach advertising campaign in Europe. This was partly offset by favorable pricing and Forex (EUR/USD hedging). Input cost inflation was offset by manufacturing efficiencies.BLADE EXCELLENCEin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 113.5 124.7 Change as reported vs. prior year +17.7% +9.9% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +12.2% +6.5% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +12.5% +9.0% Adjusted EBIT 25.4 5.7 Adjusted EBIT Margin 22.4% 4.5%The Blade Excellence division's performance was driven by the success of added-value and new products in the 3 to 5 blade and Hybrid ranges in Europe and Latin America.In Europe  BIC gained market share in value in France +3.3 pts  Italy +1.3 pts  and Poland +1.7 pts10 fueled by the success of 3 to 5 blade products in both female and male segments. Net Sales grew double-digit in key countries across the region led by our added-value products in the Flex and Soleil ranges and new products  in line with our Horizon goals.In the US  we outpaced the market by +0.6 pts11 gaining share in both male and female segments  notably thanks to the performance of our added-value Flex range. The new breakthrough innovation BIC® EasyRinse shaver also contributed to growth  achieving 0.6% market share of women’s and men’s disposables in value  boosted by the impactful media campaign launched in Q1 across the US.We pursued our successful trade-up strategy in Latin America. In Brazil  we gained market share  up 0 9 pts in value12 thanks to strong media plans and further distribution gains for our premium products such as Comfort 3  the Hybrid and Soleil ranges. In Mexico  we outpaced the market by +0.4 pts in value in both Traditional and Modern trade channels.Q1 2023 Blade Excellence division adjusted EBIT margin was 4.5% compared to 22.4% in Q1 2022  caused by significant input cost inflation (raw materials and electricity) and unfavorable Forex  which our manufacturing efficiencies were not able to fully offset. The margin was also impacted by higher Opex and Brand Support investments  mostly related to the launch of BIC® EasyRinse major advertising campaign in the US.APPENDIX2023 MARKET ASSUMPTIONSOur 2023 outlook is based on the following market assumptions26F6F13:Market trends (in value):Europe : Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Stationery Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Lighters Flat to low-single-digit increase in Shavers: US: Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Stationery market Low to mid-single-digit decrease for total pocket Lighter market Low to mid-single-digit decrease in the total one-piece Shaver marketLatin America: Low to mid-single-digit increase in Stationery Low to mid-single-digit increase in Lighters Low to mid-single-digit increase in ShaversIndia: Mid to high-single-digit increase in StationeryEBIT drivers:Gross Profit: Increase in volumes  prices and mix Raw Materials inflation from prior year Slightly favorable Forex (excluding Argentina) Manufacturing efficienciesAdjusted EBIT: Gross Profit expansion Increase in Brand Support to drive Net Sales growth Increase in R&D and Opex to support Horizon’s long-term growth and innovationFree Cash Flow before Acquisitions and Disposals drivers:Approximately €110-120 million in CAPEXCurrency: 2023 EUR-USD hedging rate: 1.08Q1 NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 % as reported % at constant currencies % on a comparative basis Group 515.7 538.7 +4.5% +4.3% +0.9% Europe 142.8 151.5 +6.1% +6.6% +6.5% North America 233.5 217.5 (6.9)% (10.5)% (11.4)% Latin America 84.3 104.8 +24.3% +30.2% +13.7% Middle East and Africa 32.1 42.0 +30.8% +34.5% +34.5% Asia and Oceania (including India) 23.1 22.9 (0.9)% +3.0% +3.0%Q1 NET SALES BY CATEGORYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Change as reported F.X. impact7F14(in points) Change in Perimeter8F15(in points) Argentina impact9F16(in points) Change on a Comparativebasis Group 515.7 538.7 +4.5% +2.4 +0.4 +0.8 +0.9% Stationery- Human Expression 168.3 177.5 +5.4% +0.8 +1.5 +1.6 +1.5% Lighters- Flame for Life 226.4 228.5 +0.9% +3.3 +0.1 +0.1 (2.6)% Shavers- Blade Excellence 113.5 124.7 +9.9% +2.8 (0.0) +0.6 +6.5% Other Products 7.6 8.1 +6.8% (0.6) (0.0) (0.0) +7.4%IMPACT OF CHANGE IN PERIMETER AND CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ON NET SALES (EXCLUDES ARS)(in %) Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Perimeter +0.7 +0.4 Currencies of which: +5.4 +2.4 USD +3.9 +1.8 BRL +1.1 +0.5 MXN +0.3 +0.6 CAD +0.2 (0.1) ZAR +0.1 (0.2) INR +0.1 (0.1) RUB and UAH (0.1) +0.3Sensitivity to Net Sales and income before tax (IBT) of USD-EUR fluctuation Q1 2022 Q1 2023 +/- 5% change in USD impact on Net Sales 2.2% 2.0% +/- 5% change in USD impact on IBT 1.7% 0.9%EBIT BY CATEGORYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group 97.9 71.9 Margin 19.0% 13.3% Stationery- Human Expression 10.2 5.1 Margin 6.1% 2.9% Lighters- Flame for Life 86.6 83.4 Margin 38.2% 36.5% Shavers- Blade Excellence 23.2 5.3 Margin 20.4% 4.3% Other Products (1.8) (0.8) Unallocated costs (20.3) (21.2)ADJUSTED EBIT BY DIVISIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group 101.9 70.0 Margin 19.8% 13.0% Stationery- Human Expression 11.4 2.4 Margin 6.8% 1.4% Lighters- Flame for Life 87.1 83.9 Margin 38.5% 36.7% Shavers- Blade Excellence 25.4 5.7 Margin 22.4% 4.5% Other Products (1.8) (0.7) Unallocated costs (20.3) (21.2)CONDENSED PROFIT AND LOSSin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Cost of goods 248.6 270.6 Gross profit 267.1 268.1 Administrative & net other operating expenses/ (gain) 169.2 196.2 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Finance revenue/costs (2.6) (1.2) Income before tax 95.2 70.7 Income tax expense (27.6) (19.9) Net Income Group Share 67.6 50.8 Earnings per Share Group Share(in euros) 1.53 1.17 Average number of shares outstanding(net of treasury shares) 44 318 110 43 405 436CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETin million euros March 31  2022 March 31  2023 Non-current assets 1 181.8 1 170.3 Current assets 1 517.5 1 554.4 Total Assets 2 699.3 2 724.7 Shareholders' equity 1 835.5 1 904.8 Non-current liabilities 209.1 199.6 Current liabilities 654.7 620.3 Total Liabilities & Shareholders’ Equity 2 699.3 2 724.7RECONCILIATION WITH ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESADJUSTED EBIT RECONCILIATIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Acquisition costs related to Inkbox (January 2022) 1.0 - Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) and Rocketbook earnout - (1.8) Ukraine operations impairment 3.0 - Adjusted EBIT 101.9 70.0ADJUSTED EPS RECONCILIATIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EPS 1.53 1.17 Argentina hyperinflationary accounting (IAS29) - +0.03 Acquisition costs related to Inkbox (January 2022) +0.01 - Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) and Rocketbook earnout - (0.03) Ukraine operations impairment +0.06 - Adjusted EPS 1.60 1.17Free Cash Flow Reconciliationin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net cash from operating activities (1) +15.7 (12.2) Capital expenditure (2) (17.6) (21.6) Free Cash Flow before acquisition and disposals (1) - (2) (1.9) (33.8)SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMSOCIETE BIC Number of sharesacquired Average weighted price(in euros) Amount(in million euros) January 2023 - - - February 2023 185 526 61.57 11.4 March 2023 267 468 60.41 16.2 Total 452 994 60.89 27.6CAPITAL AND VOTING RIGHTSAs of March 31  2023  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 43 952 226 shares  representing:64 845 783 voting rights64 170 805 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsTotal number of treasury shares held at the end of March 2023: 674 978GLOSSARYConstant currency basis: constant currency figures are calculated by translating the current year figures at prior Year monthly average exchange rates.constant currency figures are calculated by translating the current year figures at prior Year monthly average exchange rates. Organic change or Comparative basis: at constant currencies and constant perimeter. Figures at constant perimeter exclude the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals that occurred during the current year and/or during the previous year  until their anniversary date. All Net Sales category comments are made on a comparative basis. Organic change excludes Argentina Net Sales.at constant currencies and constant perimeter. Figures at constant perimeter exclude the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals that occurred during the current year and/or during the previous year  until their anniversary date. All Net Sales category comments are made on a comparative basis. Organic change excludes Argentina Net Sales. EBITDA: EBIT before Depreciation and Amortization (excluding amortization of right of use under IFRS 16 standard)  and impairment.EBIT before Depreciation and Amortization (excluding amortization of right of use under IFRS 16 standard)  and impairment. Adjusted EBIT: adjusted means excluding normalized items.adjusted means excluding normalized items. Adjusted EBIT margin: adjusted EBIT as a percentage of Net Sales.adjusted EBIT as a percentage of Net Sales. Net Cash from operating activities: cash generated from principal activities of the entity and other activities that are not investing or financing activities.cash generated from principal activities of the entity and other activities that are not investing or financing activities. Free Cash Flow: net cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures (CAPEX). Free cash flow does not include acquisitions and proceeds from the sale of businesses.net cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures (CAPEX). Free cash flow does not include acquisitions and proceeds from the sale of businesses. Net cash position: cash and cash equivalents + Other current financial assets - Current borrowings - Non-current borrowings (except financial liabilities following IFRS 16 implementation)SOCIETE BIC consolidated financial statements as of March 31  2023  were approved by the Board of Directors on April 25  2023. A presentation related to this announcement is also available on the BIC website (www.bic.com).This document contains forward-looking statements. Although BIC believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties. A description of the risks borne by BIC appears in the section  ""Risks Management"" in BIC's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial markets authority (AMF) on March 30  2023.ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were €2 233.9 million. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.BIC's Q1 2023 earnings conference call and webcast will be hosted by Gonzalve Bich  CEO  and Chad Spooner  CFO on Wednesday  April 26 2023  at 2:00 PM CET time:To participate to the webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/bic/#!/bic/20230426_1To participate to the conference call:From France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66 From the UK: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 From the USA: +1 786 697 3501 Vocal access code: « BIC »CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relations+33 6 37 01 42 68kimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAAll dates are subject change2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)1 Unaudited figures2 See market assumptions page in Appendix3 Other expenses include notably Freight & Distribution and R&D4 Please see glossary5 Including -€5.6 million in 2022 and -€3.8 million in 2023 related to assets payable change6 Inkbox in 20227 Year to date February 2023: IRI data8 Year to date February 2023: NPD data9 Period ending March 25  2023: IRI  estimated 70% market coverage10 YTD March 2023: Nielsen11 YTD March: IRI 202312 YTD March 2023: Nielsen  estimated 62% coverage13 Euromonitor and BIC estimates14 Forex impact excluding Argentinian Peso (ARS)15 Acquisitions of Inkbox  AMI and Tattly in 202216 Please see glossaryAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.13,0.25,True,English,"['FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS', 'BIC', 'compelling new consumer advertising campaigns', 'BIC® EZ Reach lighter', 'new BIC® EasyRinse razor', 'Sustained Operating Cash Flow', 'exceptional Net Sales performance', 'growing Gross Profit margin', 'Free Cash Flow', 'input cost inflation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'recent product innovations', 'Inkbox semi-permanent tattoos', 'influential celebrity talent', 'fixed cost absorption', 'gross profit decline', 'Net Cash Position', 'efficient commercial execution', 'robust commercial execution', 'exemplary omnichannel execution', 'Market share gains', 'current market assumptions1F', '+4.3% top line growth', 'long-term profitable growth', 'high comparable basis', 'solid commercial execution', '5% Net Sales growth', 'GROUP FINANCIAL FIGURES', 'major US retailer', 'Blade Excellence divisions', 'most key regions', 'FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1', 'constant currency basis', 'CC Blade Excellence', 'Horizon strategic plan', 'Brand Support investments', 'new, consumer-centric', 'consumer demand', 'solid execution', 'developing market', 'double-digit growth', 'topline growth', 'comparative basis', 'constant currencies', 'strategic investments', 'EBIT margin', 'Horizon Plan', 'Sales momentum', 'English French', 'Human Expression', 'School season', 'Middle East', 'strong Back', 'US lighters', 'positive phasing', 'value products', 'Latin America', 'sustainable products', 'higher inventory', 'Gonzalve Bich', 'exclusive collection', 'distribution channels', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'money products', 'consumer-centric innovation', 'North Star', 'Non-recurring items', 'raw material', 'electricity costs', 'EUR/USD hedging', 'manufacturing efficiencies', 'Africa regions', 'first time', 'prior year', 'Full Year', '2023 adjusted EBIT', 'fifth year', 'negative Forex', 'million euros', 'favorable impact', '2022 momentum', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'Brazil', 'Flame', 'Life', 'Q1', 'Europe', 'success', 'stores', 'Opex', 'Change', 'EPS', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'launches', 'delivery', 'high-quality', 'consumers', 'balance', 'core', '2023 objectives', 'business', '2023 Outlook', 'price', 'mix', 'volumes', 'Operations', 'ambition', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'EARNINGS', 'INTEREST', 'TAXES', 'EBITDA', 'India', '2.0 points', 'USD/MXN', 'reminder', '8.']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,globenewswire.com
23708,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIC-4617/news/BIC-FIRST-QUARTER-2023-RESULTS-43634725/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230425,BIC: FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS,(marketscreener.com) SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM SOCIETE BIC Number of sharesacquired Average weighted price Amount January 2023 - - - February 2023 185 526 61.57 11.4 March 2023 267 468 60.41 16.2 Total 452 994 60.89 27.6 CAPITAL AND VOTING RIGHTS As of March 31  …,"Clichy  France  April 25  2023FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1+4.3% top line growth. Continued solid execution driven by the Horizon strategic plan.Market share gains in most key regions building on 2022 momentum.Human Expression : +8.5% Net Sales growth at constant currency (CC)  driven by strong Back-to-School season in Brazil and double-digit growth in the Middle East and Africa regions: +8.5% Net Sales growth at constant currency (CC)  driven by strong Back-to-School season in Brazil and double-digit growth in the Middle East and Africa regions Flame for Life : -1.3% Net Sales change at CC versus Q1 2022 that benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at CC: -1.3% Net Sales change at CC versus Q1 2022 that benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at CC Blade Excellence: +9.0% Net Sales growth at CC  fueled by efficient commercial execution in Europe and added-value products in Latin AmericaHorizon delivered further results: success of new  consumer-centric and more sustainable products and robust commercial execution both online and in-stores.Adjusted EBIT margin at 13.0% impacted by input cost inflation  negative Forex  further investments in Brand Support and Opex.Sustained Operating Cash Flow +€105.4 million. Free Cash Flow was negative €33.8 million due to higher inventory build ahead of the Back-to-School season.KEY GROUP FINANCIAL FIGURESin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Change as reported +25.5% +4.5% Change on a comparative basis +18.8% +0.9% Change on a constant currency basis +20.4% +4.3% EBIT Margin 19.0% 13.3% Adjusted EBIT Margin 19.8% 13.0% EPS (in euros) 1.53 1.17 Adjusted EPS (in euros) 1.60 1.17 Free Cash Flow before acquisitions and disposals (1.9) (33.8) Net Cash Position 340.1 297.1Gonzalve Bich  Chief Executive Officer commented: “Heightened consumer demand for recent product innovations resulting from our Horizon Plan drove market share gains across most of our key regions during the first quarter of 2023. This includes the launches of our new BIC® EasyRinse razor in the US  the BIC® EZ Reach lighter in Europe  and an exclusive collection of Inkbox semi-permanent tattoos  available for the first time in-store at a major US retailer. Sales momentum was bolstered by strategic investments globally in expanded distribution channels  as well as compelling new consumer advertising campaigns helmed by influential celebrity talent. In a time of such macroeconomic uncertainty  our delivery of high-quality and value-for-money products that consumers trust drove topline growth following the prior year’s exceptionally high comparable basis.For the balance of the year  we will continue to focus on exemplary omnichannel execution as we bring consumer-centric innovation to both core and added-value products. Accordingly  we confirm our 2023 objectives to grow our business profitably across all divisions  with Horizon Plan serving as our North Star.”2023 Outlook confirmed (based on current market assumptions1F2)Full Year 2023 Net Sales are expected to grow between +5% and +7% at constant currencies driven by price  mix and volumes. We expect to improve 2023 adjusted EBIT and adjusted EBIT margin  with a growing Gross Profit margin  partially offset by continued investments in our Operations and Brand support  aimed at driving our Horizon ambition of delivering long-term profitable growth.Free Cash Flow is expected to be above €200 million in 2023  for the fifth year in a row.Q1 2023 KEY HIGHLIGHTSNET SALES  EARNINGS BEFORE INTEREST AND TAXES (EBIT)  AND ADJUSTED EBITin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Change as reported +25.5% +4.5% Change on a comparative basis +18.8% +0.9% Change on a constant currency basis +20.4% +4.3% Gross Profit 267.1 268.1 Gross Profit margin 51.8% 49.8% EBITDA 123.6 95.8 EBIT 97.9 71.9 EBIT margin 19.0% 13.3% Non-recurring items 4.0 (1.8) Adjusted EBIT 101.9 70.0 Adjusted EBIT margin 19.8% 13.0%First Quarter 2023 Net Sales increased 4.3% at constant currencies and 0.9% on a comparative basis. Net Sales growth was driven by solid commercial execution  both online and in-stores  in our Human Expression and Blade Excellence divisions; notably in developing market such as Latin America  India and Middle East and Africa.Q1 2023 Gross Profit margin decreased by 2.0 points to 49.8%  negatively impacted by: input cost inflation (raw material and electricity costs)  fixed cost absorption and Forex (mainly due to USD/MXN  as EUR/USD hedging was favorable). This was partially offset by the favorable impact of price and mix and manufacturing efficiencies. Adjusted EBIT margin was 13.0% compared to 19.8% in Q1 2022  driven by gross profit decline  and increased Opex and Brand Support investments. As a reminder  Q1 2022 margin benefited from exceptional Net Sales performance in US lighters related to positive phasing.Non-recurring items included:In Q1 2022:€(1.0) million of acquisition costs related to Inkbox acquired in January 2022€(3.0) million related to Ukraine operations impairmentIn Q1 2023:€(1.4) million related to Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) earnout€3.2 million Rocketbook earnoutKEY COMPONENTS OF THE CHANGE IN ADJUSTED EBIT MARGINin points Q12022 vs. 2021 Q12023 vs. 2022 Change in Gross Profit +0.2 (2.0) Brand Support (0.5) (1.2) Opex and other expenses2F3 +5.4 (3.6) Total change in Adjusted EBIT margin +5.1 (6.8)NET INCOME AND EARNINGS PER SHARE (EPS)in millions euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Finance revenue/costs (2.6) (1.2) Income before Tax 95.2 70.7 Net Income Group share 67.6 50.8 Adjusted Net Income Group Share 71.0 50.8 Adjusted EPS Group Share (in euros) 3F4 1.60 1.17 EPS Group Share (in euros) 1.53 1.17Q1 2023 effective tax rate was 28.1% vs. 29.0% for Q1 2022.NET CASH POSITIONin million euros 2022 2023 Net Cash position (beginning of period: December) 400.1 359.9 Net cash from operating activities +15.7 (12.2) Of which operating cash flow +122.8 +105.4 Of which change in working capital and others (107.1) (117.6) CAPEX4F5 (17.6) (21.6) Share buyback program (13.1) (27.6) Net cash from the liquidity contract (0.3) +0.1 Proceed from Pimaco divestiture +1.1 - Acquisitions5F6 (58.3) - Other items +12.5 (1.5) Net Cash position (end of period: March) 340.1 297.1Operating Cash Flow was €105.4 million  resulting from good business performance. The €117.6 million negative change in Working Capital and others was mainly driven by higher Trade and other Receivables of €48.9 million linked to increased Net Sales and higher inventory levels of €50.2 million  primarily due to 2023 Back-to-School stock building. As a result  Q1 2023 Free Cash Flow before acquisitions and disposals was €(33.8) million.At the end of March 2023  Net Cash position was €297.1 million  with €27.6 million in share buybacks.SHAREHOLDERS' REMUNERATIONOrdinary dividend of € 2. 56 per share to be approved and paid in May 2023to be approved and paid in May 2023 €27.6 million in share buybacks were completed by SOCIÉTÉ BIC at the end of March 2023452 994 shares were purchased at an average price of €60.89.UPDATE ON HORIZON PLAN EXECUTIONConsumer-centricity and InnovationQ1 Net Sales performance was spurred on by a consumer-centric and strong innovation pipeline  as we pursued the execution of the Horizon Plan. Our breakthrough innovation the BIC® EasyRinse shaver launched online and in-stores in the US  showed promising early results  reflected in our market share value gain of 0.6% year-to-date. BIC® Soleil Escape  our most successful 2022 new item in Women Disposable segment  continued to contribute to growth in the US and is now being rolled out internationally. It has achieved a 3.3% market share in value in the US Women’s Disposables segment. The new BIC® Break-Resistant mechanical pencil  with lead that is 75% stronger than the leading US competitor  was launched in the US and performed well both online and in-stores.E-commerceE-commerce sales were in line with last year as a percentage of Net Sales. Growth was driven by double digit Net Sales increase from Omniretailers (+19%) and from our Direct-to-Consumer businesses (+14%). Performance was fueled by solid results in our Flame for Life and Blade Excellence divisions  notably in Latin America and the Middle East and Africa regions.Revenue Growth Management (RGM)As we build on our 2022 momentum  our Horizon growth strategy continued to drive our RGM capabilities during the first quarter. We remain focused on developing a portfolio that meets the needs of our consumers with further Net Sales per SKU growth of 10% alongside a net SKU reduction of 6%. We also continued to drive top-line growth through positive pricing and mix as well customer-oriented investments across our three divisions. For example  in North America  performance was driven by positive mix due to premium products  such as the Mechanical Pencil BIC® Break-Resistant in Human Expression and the BIC® EasyRinse shaver in Blade Excellence.External Growth and New businessesOur newly owned semi-permanent tattoo business Inkbox™ grew low double-digit year-on-year  fueled by strong growth online  as well as offline. For the first time  Inkbox™ tattoos were launched at a well-known retailer in the US across 1 500 stores nationwide during the quarter. This major retail collaboration will expand Inkbox’s in-store presence in the beauty aisle through standalone impactful displays. Additionally  during the quarter  Inkbox launched its new nail collection online  and started production in a UK based facility to enhance its international expansion.Path to SustainabilityWe continued to progress on our Sustainable Development journey  focusing on the reduction of virgin plastic in our products and packaging  and launching innovative products with reduced environmental impact. One such new product is our BIC® Ecolutions Gel Pen  made of 78% ocean-bound plastic  available since Q4 last year in the US. This new product complements our Ecolutions ecofriendly stationery range made of at least 50% recycled materials in 100% recycled and recyclable packaging.OPERATIONAL REVIEW BY DIVISIONHUMAN EXPRESSIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 168.3 177.5 Change as reported vs. prior year +28.4% +5.4% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +21.4% +1.5% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +25.4% +8.5% Adjusted EBIT 11.4 2.4 Adjusted EBIT Margin 6.8% 1.4%The Human Expression division performance was driven by growth in Developing Markets including Latin America  the Middle East  Africa  and India.In Europe and North America  negative phasing impacted performance following customers' early 2022 Back-to-School season orders last year. In Europe  in the face of declining markets  we gained market share in value in France +1.5pts and UK +0.2 pts7  notably driven by added-value segments like Coloring  in line with our Horizon ambitions. In the US  BIC successfully gained +0.4 pts in value8  fueled by core stationery products  including Mechanical Pencils  Correction and Permanent Markers. This proof point illustrates that BIC remains a value and valued brand chosen by consumers. As we pursue our goals to grow in adjacent segments  our new semi-permanent tattoo business Inkbox™ grew low double digit  led by solid growth with a major online player and a successful launch in-store at a large US retailer.In the Southern Hemisphere  Back-to-School performance was solid in Brazil  through strong execution both in-store and online and the success of core segments like Ball Pen and added-value products such as the Intensity range. This was in line with our Horizon goal to increase share in Creative Expression. In Mexico we outperformed the market in premium segments such as Coloring Markers. Sell-in was also driven by early Back-to-School orders. In the Middle East and Africa  Net Sales grew double-digit fueled by a robust Back-to-School season in Kenya and double-digit growth in Morrocco and Nigeria led by our core product  the BIC® Cristal Medium. Cello Net Sales performance in India was led by favorable mix with added-value products in the above 10 Rupee segment such as the Butterflow range which contributed successfully to growth.Q1 2023 Human Expression division adjusted EBIT margin was 1.4% compared to 6.8% in Q1 2022. The decrease was driven by unfavorable Forex  mainly the US dollar/Mexican peso exchange rate  manufacturing costs  as well as higher Opex. This was partially offset by favorable pricing and mix. Input cost inflation was more than offset by manufacturing efficiencies.FLAME FOR LIFEin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 226.4 228.5 Change as reported vs. prior year +29.7% +0.9% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +22.4% (2.6)% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +22.9% (1.3)% Adjusted EBIT 87.1 83.9 Adjusted EBIT Margin 38.5% 36.7%The Flame for Life division was driven by high-single to double-digit Net Sales performance in all key regions  except in the US which was impacted by the negative phasing versus Q1 2022. Excluding this impact  Net Sales would have grown 8.2% at constant currency.In the US  the total lighter market declined -5.5% in volume and -1.2% in value9. However  BIC maintained its leadership position  gaining share in both volume  +1.5 pts  and value  +1.5 pts  ahead of its competitors. This was fueled by solid execution in the Modern Mass channel and positive price and mix  driven by the robust growth of added-value lighters including BIC® EZ Reach and Djeep®  combined with BIC Ecolutions launches at major retailers. Q1 Net Sales performance in the US was impacted by the negative phasing versus Q1 2022  which benefited from delayed shipments following supply issues in Q4 2021. In the Utility Lighters market in the US  BIC gained 5.9 pts in value boosted by performance in both Convenience and Modern mass channels  owing to the rebound in product availability compared to last year  due to sea freight challenges and longer lead times.In Europe  Net Sales grew high single digit  driven by price increases  further distribution in Eastern Europe and favorable mix with the success of our premium products such as decorated lighters  in line with our Horizon strategy to move towards a more value-driven model. BIC’s innovative EZ Reach lighter is currently being launched progressively across Europe.In Latin America  Brazil Net Sales grew double digit fueled by positive market trends  continued demand for smoking and non-smoking occasions  alongside high barriers for imported lighters. Performance was driven by all categories from classic pocket lighters to decorated and utility lighters  which supports our Flame for Life strategy to address further consumer needs for all flame occasions while leaning towards a more value-driven model.Q1 2023 Flame for Life division adjusted EBIT margin was 36.7% compared to 38.5% in Q1 2022. This was the result of unfavorable fixed cost absorption  negative Net Sales operating leverage in the US and higher Opex investments. Brand Support investments were also higher as we launched a new BIC® EZ Reach advertising campaign in Europe. This was partly offset by favorable pricing and Forex (EUR/USD hedging). Input cost inflation was offset by manufacturing efficiencies.BLADE EXCELLENCEin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 113.5 124.7 Change as reported vs. prior year +17.7% +9.9% Change on a comparative basis vs. prior year +12.2% +6.5% Change at constant currency vs. prior year +12.5% +9.0% Adjusted EBIT 25.4 5.7 Adjusted EBIT Margin 22.4% 4.5%The Blade Excellence division's performance was driven by the success of added-value and new products in the 3 to 5 blade and Hybrid ranges in Europe and Latin America.In Europe  BIC gained market share in value in France +3.3 pts  Italy +1.3 pts  and Poland +1.7 pts10 fueled by the success of 3 to 5 blade products in both female and male segments. Net Sales grew double-digit in key countries across the region led by our added-value products in the Flex and Soleil ranges and new products  in line with our Horizon goals.In the US  we outpaced the market by +0.6 pts11 gaining share in both male and female segments  notably thanks to the performance of our added-value Flex range. The new breakthrough innovation BIC® EasyRinse shaver also contributed to growth  achieving 0.6% market share of women’s and men’s disposables in value  boosted by the impactful media campaign launched in Q1 across the US.We pursued our successful trade-up strategy in Latin America. In Brazil  we gained market share  up 0 9 pts in value12 thanks to strong media plans and further distribution gains for our premium products such as Comfort 3  the Hybrid and Soleil ranges. In Mexico  we outpaced the market by +0.4 pts in value in both Traditional and Modern trade channels.Q1 2023 Blade Excellence division adjusted EBIT margin was 4.5% compared to 22.4% in Q1 2022  caused by significant input cost inflation (raw materials and electricity) and unfavorable Forex  which our manufacturing efficiencies were not able to fully offset. The margin was also impacted by higher Opex and Brand Support investments  mostly related to the launch of BIC® EasyRinse major advertising campaign in the US.APPENDIX2023 MARKET ASSUMPTIONSOur 2023 outlook is based on the following market assumptions26F6F13:Market trends (in value):Europe : Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Stationery Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Lighters Flat to low-single-digit increase in Shavers: US: Low to mid-single-digit decrease in Stationery market Low to mid-single-digit decrease for total pocket Lighter market Low to mid-single-digit decrease in the total one-piece Shaver marketLatin America: Low to mid-single-digit increase in Stationery Low to mid-single-digit increase in Lighters Low to mid-single-digit increase in ShaversIndia: Mid to high-single-digit increase in StationeryEBIT drivers:Gross Profit: Increase in volumes  prices and mix Raw Materials inflation from prior year Slightly favorable Forex (excluding Argentina) Manufacturing efficienciesAdjusted EBIT: Gross Profit expansion Increase in Brand Support to drive Net Sales growth Increase in R&D and Opex to support Horizon’s long-term growth and innovationFree Cash Flow before Acquisitions and Disposals drivers:Approximately €110-120 million in CAPEXCurrency: 2023 EUR-USD hedging rate: 1.08Q1 NET SALES BY GEOGRAPHYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 % as reported % at constant currencies % on a comparative basis Group 515.7 538.7 +4.5% +4.3% +0.9% Europe 142.8 151.5 +6.1% +6.6% +6.5% North America 233.5 217.5 (6.9)% (10.5)% (11.4)% Latin America 84.3 104.8 +24.3% +30.2% +13.7% Middle East and Africa 32.1 42.0 +30.8% +34.5% +34.5% Asia and Oceania (including India) 23.1 22.9 (0.9)% +3.0% +3.0%Q1 NET SALES BY CATEGORYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Change as reported F.X. impact7F14(in points) Change in Perimeter8F15(in points) Argentina impact9F16(in points) Change on a Comparativebasis Group 515.7 538.7 +4.5% +2.4 +0.4 +0.8 +0.9% Stationery- Human Expression 168.3 177.5 +5.4% +0.8 +1.5 +1.6 +1.5% Lighters- Flame for Life 226.4 228.5 +0.9% +3.3 +0.1 +0.1 (2.6)% Shavers- Blade Excellence 113.5 124.7 +9.9% +2.8 (0.0) +0.6 +6.5% Other Products 7.6 8.1 +6.8% (0.6) (0.0) (0.0) +7.4%IMPACT OF CHANGE IN PERIMETER AND CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ON NET SALES (EXCLUDES ARS)(in %) Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Perimeter +0.7 +0.4 Currencies of which: +5.4 +2.4 USD +3.9 +1.8 BRL +1.1 +0.5 MXN +0.3 +0.6 CAD +0.2 (0.1) ZAR +0.1 (0.2) INR +0.1 (0.1) RUB and UAH (0.1) +0.3Sensitivity to Net Sales and income before tax (IBT) of USD-EUR fluctuation Q1 2022 Q1 2023 +/- 5% change in USD impact on Net Sales 2.2% 2.0% +/- 5% change in USD impact on IBT 1.7% 0.9%EBIT BY CATEGORYin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group 97.9 71.9 Margin 19.0% 13.3% Stationery- Human Expression 10.2 5.1 Margin 6.1% 2.9% Lighters- Flame for Life 86.6 83.4 Margin 38.2% 36.5% Shavers- Blade Excellence 23.2 5.3 Margin 20.4% 4.3% Other Products (1.8) (0.8) Unallocated costs (20.3) (21.2)ADJUSTED EBIT BY DIVISIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Group 101.9 70.0 Margin 19.8% 13.0% Stationery- Human Expression 11.4 2.4 Margin 6.8% 1.4% Lighters- Flame for Life 87.1 83.9 Margin 38.5% 36.7% Shavers- Blade Excellence 25.4 5.7 Margin 22.4% 4.5% Other Products (1.8) (0.7) Unallocated costs (20.3) (21.2)CONDENSED PROFIT AND LOSSin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net Sales 515.7 538.7 Cost of goods 248.6 270.6 Gross profit 267.1 268.1 Administrative & net other operating expenses/ (gain) 169.2 196.2 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Finance revenue/costs (2.6) (1.2) Income before tax 95.2 70.7 Income tax expense (27.6) (19.9) Net Income Group Share 67.6 50.8 Earnings per Share Group Share(in euros) 1.53 1.17 Average number of shares outstanding(net of treasury shares) 44 318 110 43 405 436CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETin million euros March 31  2022 March 31  2023 Non-current assets 1 181.8 1 170.3 Current assets 1 517.5 1 554.4 Total Assets 2 699.3 2 724.7 Shareholders' equity 1 835.5 1 904.8 Non-current liabilities 209.1 199.6 Current liabilities 654.7 620.3 Total Liabilities & Shareholders’ Equity 2 699.3 2 724.7RECONCILIATION WITH ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURESADJUSTED EBIT RECONCILIATIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EBIT 97.9 71.9 Acquisition costs related to Inkbox (January 2022) 1.0 - Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) and Rocketbook earnout - (1.8) Ukraine operations impairment 3.0 - Adjusted EBIT 101.9 70.0ADJUSTED EPS RECONCILIATIONin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 EPS 1.53 1.17 Argentina hyperinflationary accounting (IAS29) - +0.03 Acquisition costs related to Inkbox (January 2022) +0.01 - Lucky Stationary Ltd (Nigeria) and Rocketbook earnout - (0.03) Ukraine operations impairment +0.06 - Adjusted EPS 1.60 1.17Free Cash Flow Reconciliationin million euros Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Net cash from operating activities (1) +15.7 (12.2) Capital expenditure (2) (17.6) (21.6) Free Cash Flow before acquisition and disposals (1) - (2) (1.9) (33.8)SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAMSOCIETE BIC Number of sharesacquired Average weighted price(in euros) Amount(in million euros) January 2023 - - - February 2023 185 526 61.57 11.4 March 2023 267 468 60.41 16.2 Total 452 994 60.89 27.6CAPITAL AND VOTING RIGHTSAs of March 31  2023  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 43 952 226 shares  representing:64 845 783 voting rights64 170 805 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsTotal number of treasury shares held at the end of March 2023: 674 978GLOSSARYConstant currency basis: constant currency figures are calculated by translating the current year figures at prior Year monthly average exchange rates.constant currency figures are calculated by translating the current year figures at prior Year monthly average exchange rates. Organic change or Comparative basis: at constant currencies and constant perimeter. Figures at constant perimeter exclude the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals that occurred during the current year and/or during the previous year  until their anniversary date. All Net Sales category comments are made on a comparative basis. Organic change excludes Argentina Net Sales.at constant currencies and constant perimeter. Figures at constant perimeter exclude the impact of acquisitions and/or disposals that occurred during the current year and/or during the previous year  until their anniversary date. All Net Sales category comments are made on a comparative basis. Organic change excludes Argentina Net Sales. EBITDA: EBIT before Depreciation and Amortization (excluding amortization of right of use under IFRS 16 standard)  and impairment.EBIT before Depreciation and Amortization (excluding amortization of right of use under IFRS 16 standard)  and impairment. Adjusted EBIT: adjusted means excluding normalized items.adjusted means excluding normalized items. Adjusted EBIT margin: adjusted EBIT as a percentage of Net Sales.adjusted EBIT as a percentage of Net Sales. Net Cash from operating activities: cash generated from principal activities of the entity and other activities that are not investing or financing activities.cash generated from principal activities of the entity and other activities that are not investing or financing activities. Free Cash Flow: net cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures (CAPEX). Free cash flow does not include acquisitions and proceeds from the sale of businesses.net cash flow from operating activities less capital expenditures (CAPEX). Free cash flow does not include acquisitions and proceeds from the sale of businesses. Net cash position: cash and cash equivalents + Other current financial assets - Current borrowings - Non-current borrowings (except financial liabilities following IFRS 16 implementation)SOCIETE BIC consolidated financial statements as of March 31  2023  were approved by the Board of Directors on April 25  2023. A presentation related to this announcement is also available on the BIC website (www.bic.com).This document contains forward-looking statements. Although BIC believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties. A description of the risks borne by BIC appears in the section  ""Risks Management"" in BIC's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the French financial markets authority (AMF) on March 30  2023.ABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationary  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were €2 233.9 million. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.BIC's Q1 2023 earnings conference call and webcast will be hosted by Gonzalve Bich  CEO  and Chad Spooner  CFO on Wednesday  April 26 2023  at 2:00 PM CET time:To participate to the webcast: https://channel.royalcast.com/bic/#!/bic/20230426_1To participate to the conference call:From France: +33 (0) 1 70 37 71 66 From the UK: +44 (0) 33 0551 0200 From the USA: +1 786 697 3501 Vocal access code: « BIC »CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comKimberly StewartHead of Investor Relations+33 6 37 01 42 68kimberly.stewart@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAAll dates are subject change2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 25  2023 (post market close)1 Unaudited figures2 See market assumptions page in Appendix3 Other expenses include notably Freight & Distribution and R&D4 Please see glossary5 Including -€5.6 million in 2022 and -€3.8 million in 2023 related to assets payable change6 Inkbox in 20227 Year to date February 2023: IRI data8 Year to date February 2023: NPD data9 Period ending March 25  2023: IRI  estimated 70% market coverage10 YTD March 2023: Nielsen11 YTD March: IRI 202312 YTD March 2023: Nielsen  estimated 62% coverage13 Euromonitor and BIC estimates14 Forex impact excluding Argentinian Peso (ARS)15 Acquisitions of Inkbox  AMI and Tattly in 202216 Please see glossaryAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.14,0.29,True,English,"['FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS', 'BIC', 'compelling new consumer advertising campaigns', 'BIC® EZ Reach lighter', 'new BIC® EasyRinse razor', 'Sustained Operating Cash Flow', 'exceptional Net Sales performance', 'growing Gross Profit margin', 'Free Cash Flow', 'input cost inflation', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'recent product innovations', 'Inkbox semi-permanent tattoos', 'influential celebrity talent', 'fixed cost absorption', 'gross profit decline', 'Net Cash Position', 'efficient commercial execution', 'robust commercial execution', 'exemplary omnichannel execution', 'Market share gains', 'current market assumptions1F', '+4.3% top line growth', 'long-term profitable growth', 'high comparable basis', 'solid commercial execution', '5% Net Sales growth', 'GROUP FINANCIAL FIGURES', 'major US retailer', 'Blade Excellence divisions', 'most key regions', 'FIRST QUARTER 2023 RESULTS1', 'constant currency basis', 'CC Blade Excellence', 'Brand Support investments', 'Horizon strategic plan', 'new, consumer-centric', 'consumer demand', 'solid execution', 'developing market', 'double-digit growth', 'topline growth', 'comparative basis', 'strategic investments', 'constant currencies', 'EBIT margin', 'Horizon Plan', 'Sales momentum', 'Human Expression', 'School season', 'Middle East', 'strong Back', 'US lighters', 'value products', 'Latin America', 'sustainable products', 'higher inventory', 'Gonzalve Bich', 'exclusive collection', 'distribution channels', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'money products', 'consumer-centric innovation', 'North Star', 'continued investments', 'Non-recurring items', 'raw material', 'electricity costs', 'EUR/USD hedging', 'manufacturing efficiencies', 'Africa regions', 'first time', 'prior year', 'Full Year', '2023 adjusted EBIT', 'fifth year', 'positive phasing', 'negative Forex', 'million euros', 'favorable impact', '2022 momentum', 'Clichy', 'France', 'April', 'Brazil', 'Flame', 'Life', 'Q1', 'Europe', 'success', 'stores', 'Opex', '8.7 Change', 'EPS', 'acquisitions', 'disposals', 'launches', 'delivery', 'high-quality', 'consumers', 'balance', 'core', '2023 objectives', 'business', '2023 Outlook', 'price', 'mix', 'volumes', 'Operations', 'ambition', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'EARNINGS', 'INTEREST', 'TAXES', 'EBITDA', 'India', '2.0 points', 'USD/MXN', 'reminder']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,marketscreener.com
23709,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.sspnet.org/?p=49607,Brill Adds German Imprints to Open Access Transformative Agreement with University of Vienna,Leiden/Göttingen – Brill is delighted to renew and expand its Transformative Agreement with the University of Vienna. Brill is one of the largest Open Access publishers in the Social Sciences and Humanities. A Transformative Agreement gives reading and publis…,Leiden/Göttingen – Brill is delighted to renew and expand its Transformative Agreement with the University of Vienna. Brill is one of the largest Open Access publishers in the Social Sciences and Humanities.A Transformative Agreement gives reading and publishing rights to Brill’s full journal collection  including all titles published under the German imprints Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht  Böhlau and unipress. Researchers affiliated with the University of Vienna now have the opportunity to publish an unlimited number of articles in any of Brill’s journals in Open Access by default  including all full Open Access titles.Wolfgang Mayer  Head of E-Resource Management at the University of Vienna / Vienna University Library  comments: “Researchers at the University of Vienna have a long and prolific tradition with Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht  particularly with Böhlau situated in Vienna since the 1940s. This transformative agreement embedded within the much more visible and highly efficient Brill environment is an important step to introduce and perpetuate OA especially in Theology  History  Jewish Studies and other Social Sciences and Humanities.”Jasmin Lange  Brill’s Chief Publishing Officer  adds: “The long and rich tradition of Geisteswissenschaften is one of the defining features of Austrian and German academia. At the same time  research in these countries is opening up at an unprecedented speed and scale. Brill is delighted to partner with the University of Vienna to extend Open Access to authors publishing in Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht  Böhlau and unipress journals.”Agreement Basics:– Free access to Brill’s full journal collection– Unlimited Open Access publishing for affiliated faculty members– Authors retain copyright– CC-BY by defaultFor more information about this agreement and on Open Access publishing with Brill  please contact Eva Wantzen at eva.wantzen@brill.com or visit brill.com/openaccess.About Brill Founded in 1683 in Leiden  the Netherlands  Brill is a leading international academic publisher in the Humanities  Social Sciences  International Law  and Life Sciences. With offices in the Netherlands  Germany  Austria  the USA and Asia  Brill today publishes more than 360 journals and 2 000 new books and reference works each year as well as a large number of databases and primary source research collections. Commitment to Open Access and the latest publishing technologies are at the core of Brill’s mission to make academic research available for the scholarly community worldwide. The company’s key customers are academic and research institutions  libraries  and scholars. Brill is a publicly traded company and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam NV. For further information  please visit brill.com.About the University of Vienna Library For more information on the University of Vienna Library  please visit https://bibliothek.univie.ac.at/en/.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Open Access Transformative Agreement', 'German Imprints', 'Brill', 'University', 'Vienna', 'primary source research collections', 'largest Open Access publishers', 'leading international academic publisher', 'Unlimited Open Access publishing', 'full Open Access titles', 'full journal collection', 'Chief Publishing Officer', 'affiliated faculty members', 'latest publishing technologies', 'Euronext Amsterdam NV', 'other Social Sciences', 'A Transformative Agreement', 'efficient Brill environment', 'Vienna University Library', 'publishing rights', 'unlimited number', 'International Law', 'Free access', 'academic research', 'Life Sciences', 'research institutions', 'Leiden/Göttingen', 'German imprints', 'Böhlau', 'Wolfgang Mayer', 'E-Resource Management', 'prolific tradition', 'important step', 'Jewish Studies', 'Jasmin Lange', 'rich tradition', 'defining features', 'German academia', 'same time', 'unprecedented speed', 'Agreement Basics', '2,000 new books', 'reference works', 'large number', 'scholarly community', 'key customers', 'Vienna Library', 'Eva Wantzen', 'unipress journals', '360 journals', 'Humanities', 'reading', 'Vandenhoeck', 'Ruprecht', 'Researchers', 'opportunity', 'articles', 'default', 'Head', 'long', '1940s', 'visible', 'OA', 'Theology', 'History', 'Geisteswissenschaften', 'Austrian', 'countries', 'scale', 'authors', 'copyright', 'BY', 'information', 'Netherlands', 'offices', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Asia', 'databases', 'Commitment', 'core', 'mission', 'company', 'libraries', 'scholars', 'bibliothek', 'univie']",2023-04-25,2023-04-26,sspnet.org
23710,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/proposed-transfer-listing-mauna-kea-175900099.html,Proposed Transfer of the Listing of Mauna Kea Technologies’ Shares to the Euronext Growth Paris Market,"At its meeting of April 5  2023  the Board of Directors of Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Paris  ISIN: FR0010609263  MKEA VIC) (OTCQX:MKEAY) (the ""Company"")  inventor of the Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform ","PARIS  April 26  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:At its meeting of April 5  2023  the Board of Directors of Mauna Kea Technologies (Euronext Paris  ISIN: FR0010609263  MKEA VIC) (OTCQX:MKEAY) (the ""Company"")  inventor of the Cellvizio®  the multidisciplinary probe and needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy (p/nCLE) platform  decided to submit to the ordinary annual and extraordinary general meeting of shareholders to be held on June 2  2023 the proposed transfer of the listing of its shares from the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Compartment C) to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility  under its 13th resolution.The transfer to Euronext Growth Paris would allow the Company to simplify its operations  reduce its listing costs while enabling it to continue to benefit from the advantages of the financial markets.Provided this proposal is approved by the shareholders and that Euronext Paris SA agrees  the direct listing on Euronext Growth Paris will be carried out pursuant to an accelerated procedure for the admission to trading of the Company’s existing shares  without issuing any new shares. The Company meets the eligibility requirements for implementing such a transfer to Euronext Growth  namely a market capitalization of less than €1 billion and a free float of more than €2.5 million.In accordance with the laws in force  Mauna Kea Technologies hereby informs its shareholders of the main possible consequences of this transfer.Periodic financial reportingThe Company’s annual financial statements  the management report and the statutory auditors’ reports on the financial statements must be published no later than four months from the end of the financial year (instead of three months on the regulated market of Euronext Paris).The Company’s half-year financial statements and the business report must be published no later than four months from the end of the financial period with a limited review by the statutory auditors.Story continuesDiscretion as to the choice of accounting standards (French or IFRS accounting standards) used to prepare the financial statements would be possible. The Company intends as of today to continue to apply the IFRS accounting standards.Protection of minority shareholdersFor a period of three (3) years from the admission of the Company’s shares on Euronext Growth Paris  the obligation for any shareholder acting alone or in concert to declare to the AMF and to Mauna Kea Technologies the crossing of the thresholds of 5%  10%  15%  20%  25%  30%  1/3  50%  2/3  90% and 95% of the capital or voting rights of Mauna Kea Technologies will be maintained  in accordance to Article 223-15-2 of the AMF General Regulations. At the end of this period of three (3) years from the effective date of admission to Euronext Growth Paris  only crossing the thresholds of 50% and 95% of the capital or voting rights of Mauna Kea Technologies shall be declared to the AMF and to the Company  in accordance with Article 223-15-1 of the AMF General Regulations  subject  where applicable  to crossing thresholds to be declared to Mauna Kea Technologies in accordance with its bylaws.In accordance with the provisions of Article 231-1 of the AMF General Regulations  the provisions relating to public offerings applicable to companies listed on Euronext Paris  will remain applicable for a period of three (3) years from the effective date of listing on Euronext Growth Paris. At the end of this period  Mauna Kea Technologies will be subject to the regulations applicable to companies listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Thus  the filing of a public offer will no longer be mandatory:if the threshold of 30% of the capital or voting rights is crossed in the event of an increase of more than 1% in less than 12 consecutive months  by a person holding alone or in concert a stake of between 30% and 50% of the capital or voting rights.However  the obligation to file a public offer will be imposed if the threshold of 50% of the capital or voting rights is crossed upwards.Permanent informationMauna Kea Technologies shall continue to be subject to the provisions applicable in terms of permanent information  which are also applicable to companies listed on Euronext Growth Paris.The Company shall continue to issue accurate  precise  and fair information  by publishing any insider information concerning the Company  in accordance with the provisions of (EU) Regulation N°596-2014 dated 16 April 2014 on market abuse.Moreover  the Company’s legal representatives  corporate officers  senior staff and their respective connected persons shall remain subject to the obligation of declaring transactions they carry out on the Company’s shares and debt securities.Potential impact on the liquidity of the sharesThe Company draws attention to the fact that the transfer to Euronext Growth Paris may result in a change on the liquidity of the shares differing from that noted on the regulated market of Euronext Paris. This transfer may also lead certain investors who prefer the securities of issuers listed on a regulated market to sell their Mauna Kea Technologies’ shares.Indicative timetable for the proposed transfer (subject to the prior approval of the Company’s shareholders and of Euronext Paris SA)If the shareholders of Mauna Kea Technologies approve the proposed transfer and delisting  the shares will be admitted to Euronext Growth Paris and concomitantly delisted from the regulated market of Euronext Paris at least two (2) months after the General Meeting.April 5  2023 Meeting of the Board of Directors to convene the General Meeting to approve the proposed transfer to Euronext Growth Paris April 26  2023 Press release providing details on the reasons  terms and conditions  consequences of the proposed transfer to Euronext Growth Paris June 2  2023 General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company held to approve the transfer to Euronext Growth Paris June 2  2023 If the proposal is approved  Board of Directors meeting to implement the transferPress release relating to the transferApplication to Euronext to delist the Company’s securities from Euronext Paris and their direct admission to the Euronext Growth Paris market.Admission to Euronext Growth Paris shall take place at the earliest after the end of a period of two (2) months from the date of the Shareholders’ Meeting  i.e. no sooner than August 2  2023.Allegra Finance is acting as Listing Sponsor to Mauna Kea Technologies in context of the transfer to Euronext Growth Paris.About Mauna Kea TechnologiesMauna Kea Technologies is a global medical device company that manufactures and sells Cellvizio®  the real-time in vivo cellular imaging platform. This technology uniquely delivers in vivo cellular visualization which enables physicians to monitor the progression of disease over time  assess point-in-time reactions as they happen in real time  classify indeterminate areas of concern  and guide surgical interventions. The Cellvizio® platform is used globally across a wide range of medical specialties and is making a transformative change in the way physicians diagnose and treat patients. For more information  visit www.maunakeatech.com.DisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Mauna Kea Technologies and its business. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release  including  but not limited to  statements regarding Mauna Kea Technologies' financial condition  business  strategies  plans and objectives for future operations are forward-looking statements. Mauna Kea Technologies believes that these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. However  no assurance can be given that the expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements will be achieved. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in Chapter 3 of Mauna Kea Technologies' 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on October 18  2022 under number D-22-0773  which is available on the Company's website (www.maunakeatech.fr)  as well as the risks associated with changes in economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Mauna Kea Technologies operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks that are unknown to Mauna Kea Technologies or that Mauna Kea Technologies does not currently consider material. The occurrence of some or all of these risks could cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Mauna Kea Technologies to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe for  or the solicitation of an order to buy or subscribe for  shares of Mauna Kea Technologies in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The distribution of this press release may be restricted in certain jurisdictions by local law. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to comply with all local regulations applicable to this document.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230426005868/en/ContactsNewCap - Investor RelationsAurélie Manavarere / Thomas Grojean+33 (0)1 44 71 94 94maunakea@newcap.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Mauna Kea Technologies’ Shares', 'Euronext Growth Paris Market', 'Transfer', 'Listing', 'Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility', 'needle-based confocal laser endomicroscopy', 'Mauna Kea Technologies', 'main possible consequences', 'respective connected persons', 'Euronext Paris SA', 'Periodic financial reporting', 'IFRS accounting standards', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'statutory auditors’ reports', 'half-year financial statements', 'AMF General Regulations', 'annual financial statements', 'ordinary annual', 'financial markets', 'financial year', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'MKEA VIC', 'multidisciplinary probe', 'regulated market', 'Compartment C', '13th resolution', 'accelerated procedure', 'eligibility requirements', 'market capitalization', 'free float', 'management report', 'three months', 'business report', 'limited review', 'three (3) years', 'voting rights', 'effective date', 'public offerings', '12 consecutive months', 'Permanent information', 'fair information', 'insider information', 'market abuse', 'legal representatives', 'corporate officers', 'senior staff', 'Potential impact', 'financial period', 'listing costs', 'direct listing', 'debt securities', 'existing shares', 'new shares', 'The Company', 'minority shareholders', 'April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ISIN', 'inventor', 'Cellvizio®', 'platform', 'June', 'transfer', 'operations', 'advantages', 'proposal', 'accordance', 'laws', 'force', 'four', 'Story', 'Discretion', 'choice', 'French', 'today', 'Protection', 'obligation', 'concert', 'crossing', 'thresholds', 'Article', 'provisions', 'companies', 'filing', 'event', 'increase', 'less', 'stake', 'terms', 'transactions', 'liquidity', 'attention', 'fact', 'change', 'investors', 'issuers']",2023-04-26,2023-04-26,finance.yahoo.com
