UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
20266,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb', 'ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb']",2023-03-11,2023-03-16,Unknown
20315,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,nan,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account', '26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account']",2023-03-12,2023-03-16,Unknown
20316,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,nan,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,True,English,"['Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image']",2023-03-12,2023-03-16,Unknown
20317,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk']",2023-03-12,2023-03-16,Unknown
20376,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Alla92490007 Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit… https://t.co/pjrSw6s2w7,nan,@Alla92490007 Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit… https://t.co/pjrSw6s2w7,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit']",2023-03-14,2023-03-16,Unknown
20377,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The difference between ESG and sustainability communications is more than just a report #AAA Websites Euroclear Fin… https://t.co/ncM26cr3I9,nan,The difference between ESG and sustainability communications is more than just a report #AAA Websites Euroclear Fin… https://t.co/ncM26cr3I9,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['sustainability communications', 'difference', 'ESG', 'report', 'ncM26cr3I9', 'sustainability communications', 'difference', 'ESG', 'report', 'ncM26cr3I9']",2023-03-14,2023-03-16,Unknown
20378,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Four days into banking crisis  questions outnumber answers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/q8fb39kW5r #regtech,nan,Four days into banking crisis  questions outnumber answers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/q8fb39kW5r #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.66,0.33,neutral,0.0,0.66,0.33,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Four days', 'banking crisis', 'questions', 'answers', 'Fintech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Four days', 'banking crisis', 'questions', 'answers', 'Fintech']",2023-03-14,2023-03-16,Unknown
20379,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Will the Fed's new liquidity facility restore confidence? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oVVb4OqhXg #regtech,nan,Will the Fed's new liquidity facility restore confidence? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oVVb4OqhXg #regtech,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['new liquidity facility', 'Fed', 'confidence', 'new liquidity facility', 'Fed', 'confidence']",2023-03-14,2023-03-16,Unknown
20383,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-14,2023-03-16,Unknown
20384,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,nan,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-16,Unknown
20385,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-16,Unknown
20473,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,How to collect your outstanding debt in a few steps #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/UW6tmkSM3F #regtech,nan,How to collect your outstanding debt in a few steps #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/UW6tmkSM3F #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['outstanding debt', 'steps', 'Fintech', 'outstanding debt', 'steps', 'Fintech']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,Unknown
20474,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Fintech and tech startups still reeling from SVB shutdown #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/uHc8ERu4Qh #regtech,nan,Fintech and tech startups still reeling from SVB shutdown #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/uHc8ERu4Qh #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['SVB shutdown', 'Fintech', 'startups', 'SVB shutdown', 'Fintech', 'startups']",2023-03-14,2023-03-16,Unknown
20557,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-orexo-135500810.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo,The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Tuesday 18...,"UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala  Sweden.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 6 April 2023  and notify Orexo of their intention to attend the meeting not later than on Wednesday 12 April 2023 by post to Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com.The notification shall set forth the name  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held  telephone number (daytime) and  where applicable  number of assistants (not more than two) that the shareholder intends to bring to the meeting. Shareholders to be represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney (original document) and a certificate of registration or equivalent together with the notification of attendance. A proxy form is available at www.orexo.com.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 12 April 2023  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.When this notice to attend the annual general meeting is issued  the total number of shares in the company is 34 710 639 with 34 710 639 votes. In total the company holds 343 023 own shares. The number of own shares is based on the company's holding as per the close of 14th of March 2023  the last trading day prior to the announcement of the notice.Story continuesProposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the chief executive officer.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements.9. Presentation of the work performed by the board of directors and its committees.10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.11. Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet.12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer.13. Determination of the number of board members and auditors.14. Determination of fees for the board members and the auditor.15. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditor.16. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval.17. Resolution regarding nomination committee.18. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares.19. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares.20. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2023.21. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2023.22. Closing of the meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  13  14 and 15)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) and Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB)  proposes:that Rikard Lindahl  member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2) that the board of directors shall consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 13) that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors (item 13) that the fees to the board of directors shall amount to SEK 3 550 000 to be allocated as follows: SEK 900 000 to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members  and in total SEK 400 000 to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives SEK 200 000 and SEK 200 000 are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total SEK 150 000 to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14) that the independent board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 050 000  subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 450 000 to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and SEK 100 000 to each of Staffan Lindstrand  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach ofhis/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). James Noble has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14) that the board members James Noble  Staffan Lindstrand  Henrik Kjær Hansen  Fred Wilkinson  Mary Pat Christie  Charlotte Hansson  Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly are re-elected  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15) that James Noble is re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  andthat Ernst & Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal is in accordance with the recommendation by the audit committee (item 15).Allocation of the company's result (item 11)The board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2022 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward.Resolution regarding nomination committee (item 17)The nomination committee proposes that the meeting resolves that the company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  together with the chairman of the board. If any of the three largest shareholders declines to appoint a member to the nomination committee  additional shareholders are  by order of size  to be offered appointment until three members are appointed. The names of the members of the nomination committee and the names of the shareholders they represent shall be made public not later than six months before the annual general meeting and be based on shareholding statistics provided by Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August 2023. Unless the members of the nomination committee agree otherwise  the member representing the largest shareholder  based on the number of votes held  shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. If a shareholder representative no longer represents the owner or leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder shall be entitled to appoint a new member of the nomination committee. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to remove such member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. In the event a shareholder that has appointed a member is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  the appointed member shall resign and be replaced by a new member in accordance with the above procedure. Unless special circumstances apply  no changes should be made in the composition of the nomination committee as a result of minor changes in voting rights or changes in voting rights which occur later than two months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be made public as soon as possible.The nomination committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the general meeting on chairman of the meeting  board members  chairman of the board  board fees to each of the board members and the chairman as well as remuneration for committee work  if any  fees to the company's auditor  and  when applicable  proposal regarding election of new auditor. Further  the nomination committee shall prepare and propose principles for the composition of the nomination committee to the annual general meeting 2024. The nomination committee shall be entitled to charge the company with costs for consultants and other expenses necessary for the nomination committee to carry out its duties.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 18)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time  being increased by more than a total of 20 per cent. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or to enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares (item 19)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  as many own shares as may be purchased without the company's holding at any time exceeding 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares shall be purchased on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  to transfer (sell) own shares. Transfers may be carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Transfers may also be made in other ways  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. Upon such transfers  the price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice. Transfers of own shares may be made of up to such number of shares as is held by the company at the time of the board of director's resolution regarding the transfer.The purpose of the authorization to repurchase own shares is to promote efficient capital usage in the company  to provide flexibility as regards the company's possibilities to distribute capital to its shareholders and for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base or for use in the context of the company's incentive plans.The board of director's statement in accordance with chapter 19 section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2023 (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for not more than 130 selected employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP 2023"").LTIP 2023 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP 2023  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 2 076 770 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 623 031 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 1 453 739 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP 2023 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP 2022). LTIP 2023 is intended for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP 2022). LTIP 2023 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP 2023 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of the senior executives and employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP 2023 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible following the annual general meeting 2023 and no later than on 30 June 2023. Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options.Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2023.A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP 2023 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP 2023. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2023 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  approximately 33 percent (one third) will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to approximately 67 percent (two thirds) will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP 2023  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2023 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the annual report for 2023.AllocationThe participants are divided into two allocation categories: (i) CEO and other members of group management; (ii) other personnel. The maximum number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options that a participant may be granted in LTIP 2023 depends on the category to which the participant belongs.To ensure that the value of the share-based remuneration does not reach an unintended level in relation to other remuneration  the value of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted to the CEO and group management must not  at the time of the grant  exceed a value equal to the person's current annual base salary. For other personnel the value must not exceed 33 percent of the annual base salary.The board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after the annual general meeting. Several factors will be considered in order to secure recruitment  retention and motivation when deciding upon individual allocations including position within Orexo  individual performance and total value of current remuneration package. Individual allocation cannot exceed the above-mentioned limit for the category that the individual belongs to. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent will constitute Share Awards and 70 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.The share price that is to form the basis for calculating the number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options is to correspond to the average last price paid during a given period of trading. This period comprises the first ten days of trading immediately following the date of the 2023 annual general meeting. The share price is then divided by the individual granting value in order to arrive at the total number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted per participant.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP 2023 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP 2023 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2023 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP 2023 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 17  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP 2023 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 24.7 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 38.7 million before tax.LTIP 2023 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP 2023"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP 2023 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2022 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP 2023The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2023 (item 21)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for certain Global Management Team (""GMT"") employees and US Leadership Team (""USLT"") employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP Stay-on 2023""). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 13 GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group.LTIP Stay-on 2023 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP Stay-on 2023  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 60 000 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 30 000 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 30 000 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2023 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP Stay-on 2022). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is intended for certain GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group and qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2023 is conditional upon the participant either keeping shares from allocations in Orexo's other on-going long-term incentive programs (the ""implemented LTIPs"") or investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. The board of directors further believes that LTIP Stay- on 2023 constitutes an important incentive for GMT and USLT employees to keep shares in the company. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP Stay-on 2022). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP Stay-on 2023 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of GMT and USLT employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP Stay-on 2023 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP Stay-on 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- Qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2023 is conditional upon the participant(i) keeping shares from allocations in any of Orexo's implemented LTIPs between 1 May 2023 and 31 July 2023 (""Opt-in 1"")  or (ii) investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant between 1 February 2024 and 30 April 2024 (""Opt-in 2""). Under Opt-in 1  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 31 July 2023 and no later than on 31 August 2023.- Under Opt-in 2  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 30 April 2024 and no later than on 31 May 2024.- Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 50 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participant to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company  free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after the granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2023.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP Stay- on 2023 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2023. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2023 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to 50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2023  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2023 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the Annual Report for 2023.AllocationEvery five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participants of LTIP Stay-on 2023 to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent will constitute Share Awards and 50 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.In relation to allocation under Opt-in 1  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 31 July 2023. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 2  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 30 April 2024.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP Stay-on 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP Stay-on 2023 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP Stay-on 2023 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2023 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP Stay-on 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP Stay-on 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 17  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP Stay-on 2023 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 0.8 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 1.3 million before tax.LTIP Stay-on 2023 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2023"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP Stay-on 2023 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2022 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2023The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in item 18 shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting and resolutions in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in items 19  20 and 21 shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The annual report and all other documents  including the nomination committees' motivated statement and the auditor's report pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  in Uppsala and at www.orexo.se no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Uppsala  March 2023Orexo AB (publ)Contacts:Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com.The board of directorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/694/3734514/b9c8b14ed881d2ad.pdf Orexo - AGM 2023 - Notice engCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo-301773014.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Orexo', 'new performance-based long-term incentive program', 'Claus Berner Møller', 'P.O. Box', 'chief executive officer', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'eight board members', 'other board members', 'new shares', 'other members', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'annual report', 'Tuesday 18 April', 'share register', 'Thursday 6 April', 'Wednesday 12 April', 'original document', 'securities institution', 'last trading', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'equal parts', 'deputy members', 'Orexo AB', 'nomination committee', 'audit committee', 'remuneration committee', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'total number', 'remuneration report', 'indirect holding', 'total SEK', 'deputy auditors', 'telephone number', 'UPPSALA', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'facilities', 'Rapsgatan', 'Participation', 'intention', 'post', 'telefax', 'mail', 'wange', 'notification', 'name', 'daytime', 'assistants', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'attendance', 'nominee', 'bank', 'advance', 'notice', 'company', '34,710,639 votes', 'close', '14th', 'March', 'announcement', 'Story', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'work', 'directors', 'committees', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'authorization', 'LTIP', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', 'accounts', '16.00', '343', '023', '14.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20558,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2627959/0/en/Automotive-Fintech-Market-to-Reach-112-1-Billion-by-2031-Allied-Market-Research.html,Automotive Fintech Market to Reach $112.1 Billion by 2031: Allied Market Research,Collaboration between cab rental companies and fintech companies  digitalization in the automotive sector  the rise in demand for automotive usage based fintech  and the adoption of blockchain technology in automobiles are the factors that drive the growth of…,"Portland  OR  March 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- According to the report published by Allied Market Research  the global automotive fintech market generated $47.1 billion in 2021  and is estimated to reach $112.1 billion by 2031  witnessing a CAGR of 9.2% from 2022 to 2031. The report offers a detailed analysis of changing market trends  top segments  key investment pockets  value chains  regional landscape  and competitive scenario. The report is a helpful source of information for leading market players  new entrants  investors  and stakeholders in devising strategies for the future and taking steps to strengthen their position in the market.Download Free Sample of Research Report - https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/request-sample/5615Report Coverage & Details:Report Coverage Details Forecast Period 2022–2031 Base Year 2021 Market Size in 2021 $47.1 Billion Market Size in 2031 $112.1 Billion CAGR 9.2% No. of Pages in Report 297 Segments Covered End Use  Channel  Vehicle Type  Propulsion Type and Region Drivers Collaboration between cab rental companies and fintech companies Digitalization in the automotive sector Opportunities Rise in demand for automotive usage based fintech and the adoption of blockchain technology in automobiles Restraints Security and privacy concernsCovid-19 Scenario:The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant impact on the automotive fintech market. The market which was in a growth phase witnessed many hurdles as the pandemic brought the industry to a halt. This was due to the closure of production plants and showrooms  as well as a decrease in consumer spending.Nevertheless  the pandemic drove the shift to digital payments and contactless transactions  which aided in the growth of automotive fintech startups.Furthermore  the need for financial stability and flexible payment options grew at that time  leading to the surge in the demand for inventive financing solutions provided by automotive fintech firms.The report offers a detailed segmentation of the global automotive fintech market based on end use  channel  vehicle type  propulsion type  and region. The report provides an analysis of each segment and sub-segment with the help of tables and figures. This analysis helps market players  investors  and new entrants in determining the sub-segments to be tapped on to achieve growth in the coming years.Based on end use  the digital loans and purchase segment held the largest share in 2021  accounting for nearly half of the global automotive fintech market and would dominate the market in terms of revenue through 2031. The in-vehicle payments segment  on the other hand  is estimated to witness the fastest CAGR of 11.5% during the forecast period. The report also discusses the online leasing and online insurance segments.Procure Complete Research Report - https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/automotive-fintech-market/purchase-optionsIn terms of channel  the on-demand segment captured the largest market share of nearly three-fifths of the global automotive fintech market in 2021 and is expected to dominate the market in terms of revenue through 2031. However  the subscription segment is likely to achieve the fastest CAGR of 10.2% through 2031.In terms of vehicle type  the passenger car segment captured the largest market share of more than two-thirds of the global automotive fintech market in 2021 and is expected to lead the trail during the forecast period. However  the commercial vehicle segment is likely to achieve the fastest CAGR of 10.1% through 2031. The report also studies the segments.In terms of propulsion type  the ICE segment captured the largest market share of nearly 90% of the global automotive fintech market in 2021 and is expected to lead the trail during the forecast period. However  the electric segment is likely to achieve the fastest CAGR of 14.5% through 2031.Based on region  the market in North America was the largest in 2021  accounting for over one-third of the global automotive fintech market in 2021 and is likely to maintain its dominance during the forecast period. However  the market in Asia-Pacific is expected to manifest the highest CAGR of 11.4% from 2022 to 2031. The other regions analyzed in the study include Europe and LAMEA.Leading players of the global automotive fintech market analyzed in the research include Blinker  Inc  Cuvva  ROUTEONE  The Savings Group  Inc.  By Miles Ltd.  Creditas Solues Financeiras  Euroclear  AutoFi Inc.  Grab  and Kuwy Technology Service Private Limited.Interested to Procure the Research Report? Inquire Before Buying - https://www.alliedmarketresearch.com/purchase-enquiry/5615The report analyzes these key players of the global automotive fintech market. These players have adopted various strategies such as expansion  new product launches  partnerships  and others to increase their market penetration and strengthen their position in the industry. The report is helpful in determining the business performance  operating segments  product portfolio  and developments by every market player.Similar Reports We Have on Automotive Industry:Car Buying Process Market Research Report 2023-2035Online Car Buying Market Research Report 2023-2035About UsAllied Market Research (AMR) is a full-service market research and business-consulting wing of Allied Analytics LLP based in Portland  Oregon. Allied Market Research provides global enterprises as well as medium and small businesses with unmatched quality of "" Market Research Reports "" and ""Business Intelligence Solutions."" AMR has a targeted view to provide business insights and consulting to assist its clients to make strategic business decisions and achieve sustainable growth in their respective market domain.We are in professional corporate relations with various companies and this helps us in digging out market data that helps us generate accurate research data tables and confirms utmost accuracy in our market forecasting. Allied Market Research CEO Pawan Kumar is instrumental in inspiring and encouraging everyone associated with the company to maintain high quality of data and help clients in every way possible to achieve success. Each and every data presented in the reports published by us is extracted through primary interviews with top officials from leading companies of domain concerned. Our secondary data procurement methodology includes deep online and offline research and discussion with knowledgeable professionals and analysts in the industry.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.12,0.32,True,English,"['Automotive Fintech Market', 'Allied Market Research', 'Kuwy Technology Service Private Limited', 'global automotive fintech market', 'Procure Complete Research Report', 'automotive fintech startups', 'automotive fintech firms', 'automotive sector Opportunities', 'flexible payment options', 'inventive financing solutions', 'The Savings Group', 'Creditas Solues Financeiras', 'changing market trends', 'key investment pockets', 'cab rental companies', 'passenger car segment', 'largest market share', 'Allied Market Research', 'new product launches', 'commercial vehicle segment', 'online insurance segments', 'leading market players', 'vehicle payments segment', 'Report Coverage Details', 'fintech companies', 'automotive usage', 'blockchain technology', 'largest share', 'Market Size', 'market penetration', 'digital payments', 'online leasing', 'Leading players', 'key players', 'product portfolio', 'Vehicle Type', 'new entrants', 'purchase segment', 'subscription segment', 'ICE segment', 'electric segment', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'value chains', 'regional landscape', 'competitive scenario', 'helpful source', 'Forecast Period', 'Base Year', 'End Use', 'Propulsion Type', 'Restraints Security', 'privacy concerns', 'Covid-19 Scenario', 'significant impact', 'many hurdles', 'production plants', 'consumer spending', 'contactless transactions', 'financial stability', 'detailed segmentation', 'coming years', 'digital loans', 'other hand', 'North America', 'other regions', 'Miles Ltd.', 'business performance', 'fastest CAGR', 'highest CAGR', 'top segments', 'operating segments', 'demand segment', 'Free Sample', 'AutoFi Inc.', 'various strategies', 'detailed analysis', 'Region Drivers', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'growth phase', '297 Segments', 'Portland', 'information', 'investors', 'stakeholders', 'future', 'steps', 'position', 'No.', 'Pages', 'Channel', 'Collaboration', 'Digitalization', 'adoption', 'automobiles', 'outbreak', 'industry', 'showrooms', 'decrease', 'shift', 'need', 'time', 'surge', 'sub-segment', 'tables', 'figures', 'half', 'terms', 'revenue', 'automotive-fintech-market', 'purchase-options', 'three-fifths', 'two-thirds', 'trail', 'one-third', 'dominance', 'Asia-Pacific', 'study', 'Europe', 'LAMEA', 'Blinker', 'Cuvva', 'ROUTEONE', 'Euroclear', 'Grab', 'Inquire', 'Buying', 'expansion', 'partnerships', 'others', 'developments', 'Simila', '9.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20559,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROBIT-OYJ-22252925/news/RESOLUTIONS-OF-THE-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-ROBIT-PLC-43252590/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,RESOLUTIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF ROBIT PLC,(marketscreener.com) ROBIT PLC        STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE         15 MARCH 2023 AT 3.30 PM RESOLUTIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF ROBIT PLC The Annual General Meeting of Robit Plc held today on 15 March 2023 passed the following resolutions: 1. Adopt…,ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 15 MARCH 2023 AT 3.30 PMRESOLUTIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF ROBIT PLCThe Annual General Meeting of Robit Plc held today on 15 March 2023 passed the following resolutions:1. Adoption of the financial statements and consolidated financial statementsThe General Meeting adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the financial period 1 January–31 December 2022.2. Use of the profit shown in the balance sheet and deciding on the payment of dividendsThe General Meeting resolved that the profit for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2022 be transferred to the previous accounting period’s retained earnings account and that no dividend be paid based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial year 1 January–31 December 2022.3. Resolution to distribute funds from the company’s invested unrestricted equity fundThe General Meeting resolved that EUR 0.02 per outstanding share be paid from the company’s distributable funds to the shareholders. The distribution of funds will be executed as repayment of capital from the company’s invested unrestricted equity fund.A shareholder who is entered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the repayment of capital on 22 September 2023 is entitled to a repayment. The repayment of capital shall be distributed on 29 September 2023.4. Resolution on discharge from liabilityThe General Meeting resolved to discharge the members of the Board of Directors and the managing director from liability for the financial period ending 31 December 2022.5. Handling of remuneration report for governing bodiesThe General Meeting resolved to adopt the remuneration report for governing bodies. In accordance with the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  the decision is advisory.6. Composition and remuneration of the Board of DirectorsThe General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors consists of six (6) members.The annual remuneration for the Chairman of the Board is EUR 55 000  and for each Board Member is EUR 30 000  of which 40% will be paid as shares and the remaining 60% as an advance tax withheld and paid to the Finnish Tax Administration by the company.In addition  a compensation of EUR 500 will be paid to the Board Members for each board meeting or committee meeting they have attended. Should the meeting be organised remotely  and it lasts maximum of 1 hour  will the compensation be EUR 250 per meeting. Additionally  other costs  such as travel and lodging expenses  will also be compensated.The annual remuneration for the entire term of office will be paid to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members in December 2023. The shares that form part of the remuneration payable to the Chairman of the Board and to the Board Members can be new shares issued by the company or shares acquired thereby pursuant to an authorisation provided to the Board of Directors by the General Meeting. The receiver of the remuneration will pay the applicable transfer tax.Mikko Kuitunen  Anne Leskelä  Harri Sjöholm  Markku Teräsvasara and Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen were re-elected as members of the Board. Lasse Aho was elected as a new member of the Board.7. Election and remuneration of auditorPricewaterhouseCoopers Oy (PwC) was elected as the company’s auditor for a term that will continue until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the company that Authorised Public Accountant  Markku Katajisto  will serve as the company’s principal responsible auditor.The General Meeting resolved to pay the auditor’s remuneration in accordance with a reasonable invoice approved by the company.8. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares and/or accepting them as a pledgeThe General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the acquisition of a maximum of 2 117 990 shares of the company’s own shares and/or accepting the same number of the company’s own shares as a pledge  in one or several tranches by using funds in the unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The maximum total of shares that will be acquired and/or accepted as a pledge corresponds to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of the summons to the Annual General Meeting. However  the company cannot  together with its subsidiary companies  own or accept as a pledge altogether more than 10% of its own shares at any point in time. The company’s shares may be purchased under this authorisation solely by using unrestricted shareholders’ equity.The shares will be acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders via public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price on the date on which the acquisition is made or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorisation shall be used e.g. for the purposes of implementing the company’s share-based incentive systems or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.It was resolved that the authorisation revokes the authorisation granted by the General Meeting on 22 March 2022 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares.The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024.9. The Board of Directors was authorised to resolve on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue and on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  in one or more tranches  either against or without consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares to be issued on the basis of special rights  may not exceed 2 117 990  which amounts to 10% of all shares in the company as of the date of the summons to the Annual General Meeting. The Board of Directors may decide to either issue new shares or to transfer any treasury shares held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms that apply to the share issue and to the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to derogate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right. The authorisation shall be used e.g. for the purposes of strengthening the company’s balance sheet and improving its financial status or for other purposes as decided by the Board of Directors.The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation revokes all previously granted  unused authorisations to decide on a share issue and the issuance of options or other special rights entitling to shares.10. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Annual General Meeting resolved that an addition will be made to section 8 § of the Articles of Association to include the possibility by the Board of Directors  at their discretion  to arrange a General Meeting as a hybrid meeting. In addition  the amendment will enable arranging a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue.Pursuant to the resolution by the Annual General Meeting  section 8 § of the Articles of Association will read as follows after the amendment:“8 § The invitation to the General Meeting is published on the company’s website no earlier than two months and no later than 21 days before the meeting  but always at least nine (9) days before the reconciliation date of the General Meeting as defined in the Limited Liability Companies Act.The Board of Directors may decide that shareholder may exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (hybrid meeting).The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).A shareholder wishing to attend a General Meeting of Shareholders shall notify the Company by the date mentioned in the notice to the meeting  which may not be more than ten (10) days before the meeting.In addition to the domicile of the company the General meetings may be held in Tampere or Helsinki.”The minutes of the Annual General Meeting are made available no later than 29 March 2023 on the website of Robit Plc at https://www.robitgroup.com/investor/corporate-governance/general-meeting/ .Tampere  15 March 2023ROBIT PLCBoard of DirectorsFurther information:Harri Sjöholm  Chairman+358 400 622 092harri.sjoholm@robitgroup.comDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediawww.robitgroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'ROBIT PLC', 'RESOLUTIONS', 'THE', 'ROBIT PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Harri Sjöholm', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'share-based incentive systems', 'The General Meeting', 'applicable transfer tax', 'Markku Teräsvasara', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'previous accounting period', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'principal responsible auditor', 'subsidiary companies', 'committee meeting', 'advance tax', 'Markku Katajisto', 'public trading', 'annual remuneration', 'financial period', 'financial statements', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'earnings account', 'outstanding share', 'managing director', 'governing bodies', 'board meeting', 'other costs', 'lodging expenses', 'Mikko Kuitunen', 'Anne Leskelä', 'Eeva-Liisa Virkkunen', 'Lasse Aho', 'new member', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'reasonable invoice', 'same number', 'several tranches', 'share ownership', 'six (6) members', 'following resolutions', 'shareholder register', 'entire term', 'maximum total', 'other purposes', 'remuneration report', 'record date', 'Board Member', 'distributable funds', 'new shares', 'market price', '2 117 990 shares', 'MARCH', 'Adoption', 'consolidated', '31 December', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'company', 'distribution', 'capital', '22 September', '29 September', 'discharge', 'Directors', 'Handling', 'accordance', 'decision', 'Composition', 'Chairman', 'addition', 'compensation', '1 hour', 'travel', 'office', 'part', 'authorisation', 'receiver', 'Election', 'PwC', 'acquisition', 'pledge', 'one', 'summons', 'point', 'time', 'proportion', '3.30']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20560,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OREXO-AB-PUBL-120795335/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Orexo-43252873/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo,(marketscreener.com) UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB   reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's...ht…,"Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo 03/15/2023 | 09:54am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala  Sweden. Participation  etc. Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 6 April 2023  and notify Orexo of their intention to attend the meeting not later than on Wednesday 12 April 2023 by post to Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com. The notification shall set forth the name  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held  telephone number (daytime) and  where applicable  number of assistants (not more than two) that the shareholder intends to bring to the meeting. Shareholders to be represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney (original document) and a certificate of registration or equivalent together with the notification of attendance. A proxy form is available at www.orexo.com. Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 12 April 2023  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date. When this notice to attend the annual general meeting is issued  the total number of shares in the company is 34 710 639 with 34 710 639 votes. In total the company holds 343 023 own shares. The number of own shares is based on the company's holding as per the close of 14th of March 2023  the last trading day prior to the announcement of the notice. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the meeting. 2. Election of chairman of the meeting. 3. Preparation and approval of the voting list. 4. Approval of the agenda. 5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting. 6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. 7. Speech by the chief executive officer. 8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements. 9. Presentation of the work performed by the board of directors and its committees. 10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet. 11. Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet. 12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer. 13. Determination of the number of board members and auditors. 14. Determination of fees for the board members and the auditor. 15. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditor. 16. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval. 17. Resolution regarding nomination committee. 18. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares. 19. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares. 20. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2023. 21. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2023. 22. Closing of the meeting. Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  13  14 and 15) The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) and Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB)  proposes: that Rikard Lindahl   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)  that the board of directors shall consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 13) that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors (item 13) that the fees to the board of directors shall amount to SEK 3 550 000 to be allocated as follows: SEK 900 000 to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members  and in total SEK 400 000 to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives SEK 200 000 and SEK 200 000 are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total SEK 150 000 to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14) to be allocated as follows: to the chairman and to each of the other board members  and in total to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives and are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14)  that the independent board members James Noble   Staffan Lindstrand   Fred Wilkinson   Mary Pat Christie   Charlotte Hansson   Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 050 000   subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 450 000 to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and SEK 100 000 to each of Staffan Lindstrand   Fred Wilkinson   Mary Pat Christie   Charlotte Hansson   Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach ofhis/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). James Noble has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14)           and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of   subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and to each of         and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach ofhis/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14)  that the board members James Noble   Staffan Lindstrand   Henrik Kjær Hansen  Fred Wilkinson   Mary Pat Christie   Charlotte Hansson   Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly are re-elected  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15)     Henrik Kjær Hansen        and Michael J Matly are re-elected  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15)  that James Noble is re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  andis re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  and that Ernst & Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal is in accordance with the recommendation by the audit committee (item 15). Allocation of the company's result (item 11) The board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2022 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward. Resolution regarding nomination committee (item 17) The nomination committee proposes that the meeting resolves that the company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  together with the chairman of the board. If any of the three largest shareholders declines to appoint a member to the nomination committee  additional shareholders are  by order of size  to be offered appointment until three members are appointed. The names of the members of the nomination committee and the names of the shareholders they represent shall be made public not later than six months before the annual general meeting and be based on shareholding statistics provided by Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August 2023. Unless the members of the nomination committee agree otherwise  the member representing the largest shareholder  based on the number of votes held  shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. If a shareholder representative no longer represents the owner or leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder shall be entitled to appoint a new member of the nomination committee. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to remove such member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. In the event a shareholder that has appointed a member is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  the appointed member shall resign and be replaced by a new member in accordance with the above procedure. Unless special circumstances apply  no changes should be made in the composition of the nomination committee as a result of minor changes in voting rights or changes in voting rights which occur later than two months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be made public as soon as possible. The nomination committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the general meeting on chairman of the meeting  board members  chairman of the board  board fees to each of the board members and the chairman as well as remuneration for committee work  if any  fees to the company's auditor  and  when applicable  proposal regarding election of new auditor. Further  the nomination committee shall prepare and propose principles for the composition of the nomination committee to the annual general meeting 2024. The nomination committee shall be entitled to charge the company with costs for consultants and other expenses necessary for the nomination committee to carry out its duties. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 18) The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time  being increased by more than a total of 20 per cent. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or to enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares (item 19) The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  as many own shares as may be purchased without the company's holding at any time exceeding 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares shall be purchased on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. The board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  to transfer (sell) own shares. Transfers may be carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Transfers may also be made in other ways  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. Upon such transfers  the price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice. Transfers of own shares may be made of up to such number of shares as is held by the company at the time of the board of director's resolution regarding the transfer. The purpose of the authorization to repurchase own shares is to promote efficient capital usage in the company  to provide flexibility as regards the company's possibilities to distribute capital to its shareholders and for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base or for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The board of director's statement in accordance with chapter 19 section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal. The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2023 (item 20) The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for not more than 130 selected employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP 2023""). LTIP 2023 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP 2023  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 2 076 770 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 623 031 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 1 453 739 shares in Orexo. The rationale for the proposal LTIP 2023 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP 2022). LTIP 2023 is intended for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP 2022). LTIP 2023 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group. The purpose of LTIP 2023 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of the senior executives and employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP 2023 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company. Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options The following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options. The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible following the annual general meeting 2023 and no later than on 30 June 2023 . Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options.. Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2023.A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP 2023 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group. Performance Conditions The Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP 2023. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2023 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  approximately 33 percent (one third) will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to approximately 67 percent (two thirds) will pertain to Performance Target 2. The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP 2023  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met. The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below. Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting. Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2023 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved. The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the annual report for 2023. Allocation The participants are divided into two allocation categories: (i) CEO and other members of group management; (ii) other personnel. The maximum number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options that a participant may be granted in LTIP 2023 depends on the category to which the participant belongs. To ensure that the value of the share-based remuneration does not reach an unintended level in relation to other remuneration  the value of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted to the CEO and group management must not  at the time of the grant  exceed a value equal to the person's current annual base salary. For other personnel the value must not exceed 33 percent of the annual base salary. The board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after the annual general meeting. Several factors will be considered in order to secure recruitment  retention and motivation when deciding upon individual allocations including position within Orexo  individual performance and total value of current remuneration package. Individual allocation cannot exceed the above-mentioned limit for the category that the individual belongs to. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent will constitute Share Awards and 70 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options. The share price that is to form the basis for calculating the number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options is to correspond to the average last price paid during a given period of trading. This period comprises the first ten days of trading immediately following the date of the 2023 annual general meeting. The share price is then divided by the individual granting value in order to arrive at the total number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted per participant. Preparation and administration The board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP 2023 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP 2023 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced. Preparation of the proposal LTIP 2023 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP 2023 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors. Scope and costs of the program LTIP 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period. Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 17  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP 2023 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 24.7 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 38.7 million before tax. LTIP 2023 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP 2023"" below. Since delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP 2023 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2022 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com. Delivery under LTIP 2023 The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2023 (item 21) The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for certain Global Management Team (""GMT"") employees and US Leadership Team (""USLT"") employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP Stay-on 2023""). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 13 GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group. LTIP Stay-on 2023 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP Stay-on 2023  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 60 000 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 30 000 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 30 000 shares in Orexo. The rationale for the proposal LTIP Stay-on 2023 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP Stay-on 2022). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is intended for certain GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group and qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2023 is conditional upon the participant either keeping shares from allocations in Orexo's other on-going long-term incentive programs (the ""implemented LTIPs"") or investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. The board of directors further believes that LTIP Stay- on 2023 constitutes an important incentive for GMT and USLT employees to keep shares in the company. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP Stay-on 2022). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group. The purpose of LTIP Stay-on 2023 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of GMT and USLT employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP Stay-on 2023 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP Stay-on 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company. Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options The following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options. - Qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2023 is conditional upon the participant (i) keeping shares from allocations in any of Orexo's implemented LTIPs between 1 May 2023 and 31 July 2023 (""Opt-in 1"")  or (ii) investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant between 1 February 2024 and 30 April 2024 (""Opt-in 2""). Under Opt-in 1  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 31 July 2023 and no later than on 31 August 2023. - Under Opt-in 2  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 30 April 2024 and no later than on 31 May 2024. - Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 50 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participant to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. - Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company  free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. - Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after the granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2023. - A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below. - A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below. - The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP Stay- on 2023 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures. - To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period. - The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged. The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance Conditions The Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2023. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2023 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to 50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 2. The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2023  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met. The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below. Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting. Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2023 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved. The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the Annual Report for 2023. Allocation Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participants of LTIP Stay-on 2023 to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent will constitute Share Awards and 50 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 1  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 31 July 2023. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 2  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 30 April 2024. Preparation and administration The board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP Stay-on 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP Stay-on 2023 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP Stay-on 2023 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced. Preparation of the proposal LTIP Stay-on 2023 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP Stay-on 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors. Scope and costs of the program LTIP Stay-on 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period. Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 17  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP Stay-on 2023 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 0.8 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 1.3 million before tax. LTIP Stay-on 2023 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2023"" below. Since delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP Stay-on 2023 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2022 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com. Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2023 The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options. A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in item 18 shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting and resolutions in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in items 19  20 and 21 shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting. The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The annual report and all other documents  including the nomination committees' motivated statement and the auditor's report pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  in Uppsala and at www.orexo.se no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail. Processing of personal data For information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Uppsala  March 2023 Orexo AB (publ) Contacts: Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to lena.wange@orexo.com. The board of directors The following files are available for download: https://mb.cision.com/Public/694/3734514/b9c8b14ed881d2ad.pdf Orexo - AGM 2023 - Notice eng View original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo-301773012.html SOURCE Orexo© PRNewswire 2023 All news about OREXO AB (PUBL) 03/15 Orexo postpones publication of the Annual Report AQ 03/15 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo PR 03/15 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo AQ 02/06 Orexo submits New Drug Application to FDA for OX124  a high-dose rescue medication for .. AQ 02/03 Orexo Submits New Drug Application for Opioid Overdose Treatment to US FDA MT 02/03 Orexo submits New Drug Application to FDA for OX124  a high-dose rescue medication for .. AQ 02/03 Orexo AB Submits New Drug Application to FDA for OX124  A High-Dose Rescue Medication f.. CI 01/26 Transcript : Orexo AB  2022 Earnings Call  Jan 26  2023 CI 01/26 Orexo Interim Report Q4 2022  incl. Full Year Report AQ 01/26 Orexo AB Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Orexo', 'new performance-based long-term incentive program', 'Claus Berner Møller', 'multiple email addresses', 'P.O. Box', 'chief executive officer', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'eight board members', 'other board members', 'new shares', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'annual report', 'deputy members', 'share register', 'original document', 'securities institution', 'last trading', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'nomination committee', 'audit committee', 'Thursday 6 April', 'Wednesday 12 April', 'Orexo AB', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'remuneration report', 'indirect holding', 'First name', 'deputy auditors', 'telephone number', 'total number', 'Notice', '54am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'UPPSALA', 'March', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Tuesday', 'facilities', 'Rapsgatan', 'Participation', 'intention', 'post', 'telefax', 'wange', 'notification', 'daytime', 'assistants', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'attendance', 'nominee', 'bank', 'names', 'advance', 'company', '34,710,639 votes', 'close', '14th', 'announcement', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'work', 'directors', 'committees', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'authorization', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', 'SEK', '16.00', '343,023', '14.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20561,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2628147/0/en/Notice-to-attend-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Olink-Holding-AB-publ.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ),UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The shareholders of Olink Holding AB (publ) (the “Company” or “Olink”)  reg. no. 559189-7755  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held at 4:00 p.m. CET on Monday the 17 April 2…,UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The shareholders of Olink Holding AB (publ) (the “Company” or “Olink”)  reg. no. 559189-7755  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held at 4:00 p.m. CET on Monday the 17 April 2023  in the Company’s facilities at Salagatan 18B  Uppsala. Registration for the meeting commences at 3:30 p.m. CET.NOTICE OF PARTICIPATIONShareholders who wish to attend in the proceedings of the Annual General Meeting must:be entered in the share register kept on behalf of the Company by Euroclear Sweden AB  as of Wednesday 5 April 2023; andnotify the Company’s head office at Olink Holding AB (publ)  Annual General Meeting 2023  Uppsala Science Park  SE-751 83 Uppsala  Sweden or by telephone +46 (0)18 444 39 70 or via e-mail to ir@olink.com no later than Tuesday 11 April 2023. The notification must contain the shareholder’s name  social security number (registration number)  address  telephone number and the number of shares represented as well as any attending counsel  maximum two.Personal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices and attendance at the meeting and information on representatives  proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  where appropriate  the minutes of the meeting. Personal data is handled in accordance with the Data Protection Regulation (European Parliament and Council Regulation (EU) 2016/679). For full information regarding the Company’s handling of personal data  please refer to our privacy policy: https://www.olink.com/about-us/integrity-policy/.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on Wednesday 5 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than Tuesday 11 April 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register.The Company intends to enable shareholders to participate electronically via link. It should then be noted that such a procedure presupposes that the Meeting first approves that pre-registered persons participate via link. In the case of participation via link  there is no support for managing the voting register  which means that if participants via a link actively want to influence the Annual General Meeting’s decision  this must be done by proxy to a person who physically participates in the Annual General Meeting. If there are registered persons on Tuesday  11 April 2023 that wish to participate via link  the Company will send out an invitation with instructions on how to join the Annual General Meeting electronically.OPPORTUNITY FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO EXERCISE THEIR VOTING RIGHTS THROUGH PROXYShareholders who do not wish to attend the meeting in person may authorize a proxy to exercise their voting rights. The power of attorney is proposed to be presented to the Chairman of the Meeting or another person whom the shareholder knows will attend the Annual General Meeting. If the power of attorney is exhibited to the Chairman of the Meeting  the power of attorney must be combined with a voting instruction so that the Chairman of the Meeting knows how to vote under the various decision points. If the power of attorney is not combined with a voting instruction  then the Chairman will not be able to represent the shareholder at the meeting. In other cases  the power of attorney should also be combined with a voting instruction. If participation will be by proxy  the shareholder shall issue a written  signed and dated proxy together with any documents verifying authority. Proxies for legal entities must also be accompanied by a certificate of incorporation or equivalent document verifying authority. A copy of the proxy  the voting instruction and any certificate of incorporation should  in advance  before the meeting be sent to the Company at the above address. The original proxy shall  if applicable  also be presented at the meeting. The Company provides the shareholders with proxy forms as well as blank voting instructions  which can be obtained at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.investors.olink.com by the latest on Wednesday 15 March 2023.Note that the possibility of having a proxy exercise the shareholders' voting rights at the Annual General Meeting presupposes that the shareholder has made a notification and is included in the share register in accordance with what is stated above in the Notice of participation. Thus  it is not enough to just submit a power of attorney form.PROPOSED AGENDAOpening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman to preside over the Meeting. Preparation and approval of Electoral Register. Approval of the agenda proposed by the Board. Election of one or two persons to approve the Minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been properly convened. Presentation of the Annual report and the Audit Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Consolidated Audit Report. Presentation by the CEO. Resolutions regarding adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  regarding allocation of the Company’s result in accordance with the duly adopted Balance Sheet  and regarding discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Report on the work of the Nomination Committee. Determination of the number of Board members. Resolution of fees for the Board of Directors and the Auditor. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Election of Auditor. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI I 2023”). Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI II 2023”). Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on a new issue. Closing of the Meeting.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE’S PROPOSED RESOLUTION WITH RESPECT TO ITEMS 2 AND 11-14 ON THE AGENDAThe Nomination Committee consists of the Chairman of the Board Jon Hindar  Tommi Unkuri (appointed by Summa Equity)  Martin Sjölund (appointed by Summa Equity) and Johan Pietilä Holmner (appointed by Summa Equity). Tommi Unkuri is the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee  whose members represent 65 per cent of the votes in the Company  has announced the following proposals:2. Election of Chairman to preside over the MeetingThe Chairman of the Board  Jon Hindar  is proposed as Chairman to preside over the Meeting.11. Determination of the number of board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of nine board members and one deputy board member.12. Determination of fees for the Board of Directors and the auditorsThe fee for each Board member shall be as follows: USD 120 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  USD 70 000 to each of the other Board members appointed by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the Company  additionally USD 20 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and additionally USD 10 000 to each other member of the Remuneration Committee  additionally USD 30 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and additionally USD 15 000 to each other member of the Audit Committee. If Tommi Unkuri is elected by the Annual General Meeting  he shall not receive any fees for Board or committee work. Total fees amount to USD 640 000.Audit fees will be paid according to approved invoices.13. Election of board members and Chairman of the Board of DirectorsRe-election of the board members Jon Hindar  Jon Heimer  Solange Bullukian  Johan Lund  Nicolas Roelofs  Mary Reumuth  Robert Schueren and Tommi Unkuri and re-election of Johan Pietilä Holmner as deputy board member.Dr. Gregory J. Moore is proposed as new board member.Jon Hindar is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Further information about the suggested Board members is available at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting.14. Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee that has been approved by the whole Board as a recommendation  that registered auditing firm Ernst & Young AB be re-elected as auditor of the Company until the conclusion of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young AB has notified that if the Annual General Meeting approves the proposal  authorized public accountant Fredrik Norrman will remain the Auditor in charge.PROPOSAL BY THE MAJORITY SHAREHOLDERS WITH RESPECT TO RESOLUTIONS UNDER ITEMS 1515. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI I 2023”)Background and reasonsThe Company has previously implemented long term incentive programs for the years of 2021 and 2022. In view of this  the majority shareholders propose that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for the board members in the Company (“LTI I 2023”). The proposal to implement an incentive program has been put forward as the majority shareholders determines that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders to create even greater participation for current and future board members in the Company with regard to the group’s development. It is also important to encourage continued commitment.In the light of the above  the majority shareholders propose that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement the incentive program LTI I 2023 in accordance with item (a)–(b) below. The resolutions under item (a)–(b) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. LTI I 2023 is proposed to include up to 8 current and future board members of the Company.Proposal regarding the adoption of LTI I 2023 (item 15 (a))LTI I 2023 is comprised of stock options which will be granted to current and future board members of the Company pursuant to the Olink Holding AB (publ) Amended and Restated 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the “Plan”)  as amended  and an award agreement thereunder to be entered into between the Company and each recipient evidencing each such grant and terms under the Plan. On 14 March 2023  the Board adopted  subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders  an amendment to the Plan  which will become effective on the date of its approval by the Company’s shareholders  which will occur upon approval by the Company’s shareholders of LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The purpose of the amendment to the Plan is to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Plan in order to ensure that there is a sufficient number of shares available for grant pursuant to LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein.The majority shareholders propose that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 70 000 warrants of series I 2023 in order to secure delivery of either shares  warrants of series I 2023 or American depository shares in the Company (“ADS”) upon exercise of stock options to participants in LTI I 2023. The right to subscribe for the warrants of series I 2023 shall vest in the Company. The Company shall keep warrants of series I 2023 to ensure delivery of shares  warrants of series I 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options in LTI I 2023. Each warrant of series I 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series I 2023 shall be issued without consideration to the Company.Below is a description of the terms and conditions for the LTI I 2023. A copy of the Plan can be found at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting and shareholders are advised to review the actual terms of the Plan.LTI I 2023 – Stock options (with warrants as hedging arrangement)Each stock option entitles the participant to acquire either one (1) share in the Company  one (1) warrant of series I 2023 or one (1) ADS in accordance with the following terms and conditions:Stock options may be granted to current and future board members of the Company;The stock options of LTI I 2023 will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;Each stock option entitles the holder to acquire either one (1) share  warrant of series I 2023 or ADS in the Company at an exercise price equal to 100 per cent to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s ADS on the Nasdaq Global Market on the relevant grant date or in the absence of any sale on such date the immediately preceding date on which a sale occurred;The stock options are subject to time-based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the options would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining board member of the Olink group;The stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain a board member of the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted stock options will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The stock options may not be transferred or pledged;Upon vesting  unless the participant’s engagement as a board member ends sooner  stock options remain exercisable for a period of four (4) years from the first vesting date. However  the participants may only exercise vested stock options during certain exercise windows as set out in separate option agreements; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI I 2023 granted stock options may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal.The warrants issued to the Company in order to secure delivery of shares  warrants of series I 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options granted to participants in LTI I 2023 may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise.Allocation of stock options  limitations in the disposition over the stock options and the right to receive stock optionsThe right to receive stock options of LTI I 2023 shall vest in current and future board members of the Company. In total  a maximum of 70 000 stock options may be granted to participants  of which a maximum of 10 000 stock options may be granted to each participant.Proposal regarding issue of warrants of series I 2023 (item 15 (b))The majority shareholders proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 70 000 warrants of series I 2023 for subscription of shares  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 170 233.46 at full exercise of warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.06 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company.The right to subscribe for the warrants of series I 2023 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only belong to the Company  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants of series I 2023 as described above. The subscription for warrants shall be made up to and including 15 May 2023. Each warrant of series I 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series I 2023 shall be issued without compensation to the Company.The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI I 2023  the majority shareholders proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Company may assign to a third party or in another way dispose of the warrants of series I 2023 in accordance with above.A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants of series I 2023  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants is available at www.olink.com.Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc.The exercise price for warrants in LTI I 2023  determined as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10 whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded upwards. The exercise price and/or the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscription for may be recalculated in the event of a split or reverse split of shares in accordance with customary re-calculation terms.CostsThe stock options are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 70 000 stock options  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.8 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.70  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share/ADS during the term of the stock options of 71 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants and (iv) that all granted stock options will vest and be exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.3 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 15 per cent.Other costs related to the LTI I 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 0.5 million during the term of the program.Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI I 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 10.6 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the total employee benefits expenses of the Olink group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 721 million.Motivation in respect of vesting and exercise conditionsAccording to recommendations laid down by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Sw. Kollegiet för svensk bolagsstyrning)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised  shall as a general rule not be shorter than three (3) years. As set out further above  stock options will generally vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April for four years (provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled). The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Swedish Corporate Governance Board as set out above  is that the majority shareholders deem such terms to be in line with market practice for stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in the LTI I 2023 are operative. It is therefore  in the opinion of the majority shareholders of the Company  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of the LTI I 2023.DilutionUpon exercise of all warrants of series I 2023 issued within the frame of LTI I 2023 for subscription of shares  up to 70 000 shares (with reservation for any re-calculation) may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.06 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of warrants of series I 2023 for subscription of shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 170 233.46. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of the stock options  divided by the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the Company as per 28 February 2023 after such issues.Preparation of the proposalThe proposal to the incentive program LTI I 2023 has been prepared by the majority shareholders together with external advisers. No participant of LTI I 2023 has participated in the preparation of this proposal.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rightsThe reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement an incentive program for the Board of Directors in the Company.Majority requirementA resolution to approve the present proposal is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted for and of the shares represented at the general meeting.AuthorizationIt is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB and that the Board of Directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the LTI I 2023 and the Plan due to applicable foreign rules and laws.PROPOSAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITH RESPECT TO RESOLUTIONS UNDER ITEMS 9b AND 16-179b. Resolution with respect to disposition of the Company’s result according to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2022 and that the Company's available funds be capitalized in a new account.16. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI II 2023” - Stock options and restricted stock units (with warrants as a hedging arrangement))Background and reasonsThe Company has previously implemented long term incentive programs for the years of 2021 and 2022. In view of this  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long term incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group (“LTI II 2023”). The proposal to implement an incentive program has been put forward as the Board of Directors determines that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders to create even greater participation for current and future members of the group management  key employees and other employees and consultants in the Company and the group with regard to the group’s development. It is also important to encourage continued employment and service.In the light of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement the incentive program LTI II 2023 in accordance with item (a)–(b) below. The resolutions under item (a)–(b) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. LTI II 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 668 current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group.Proposal regarding the adoption of LTI II 2023 (item 16 (a))LTI II 2023 is comprised of stock options and restricted stock units (“RSU”) which will be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  employees and consultants within the Olink group pursuant to the Plan  as amended  and an award agreement thereunder to be entered into between the Company and each recipient evidencing each such grant and terms under the Plan. On 14 March 2023  the Board adopted  subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders  an amendment to the Plan  which will become effective on the date of its approval by the Company’s shareholders  which will occur upon approval by the Company’s shareholders of LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The purpose of the amendment to the Plan is to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Plan in order to ensure that there is a sufficient number of shares available for grant pursuant to LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein.The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 910 000 warrants of series II 2023 in order to secure delivery of either shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS in the Company upon exercise of stock options or RSUs to participants in LTI II 2023. The right to subscribe for the warrants of Series II 2023 shall vest in the Company. The Company shall keep warrants of Series II 2023 to ensure delivery of shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options in LTI II 2023. Each warrant of series II 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series II 2023 shall be issued without consideration to the Company.Below is a description of the terms and conditions for the LTI II 2023. A copy of the Plan can be found at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting and shareholders are advised to review the actual terms of the Plan.LTI II 2023 – Stock options (with warrants as hedging arrangement)Each stock option entitles the participant to acquire either one (1) share in the Company  one (1) warrant of series II 2023 or one (1) ADS in accordance with the following terms and conditions:Stock options may be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group;The stock options of LTI II 2023 will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;Each stock option entitles the holder to acquire either one (1) share  warrant of series II 2023 or ADS in the Company at an exercise price equal to 100 per cent to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s ADS on the Nasdaq Global Market on the relevant grant date or in the absence of any sale on such date the immediately preceding date on which a sale occurred;The stock options are subject to time based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the options would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining employed or engaged by the Olink group;The stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain employed or engaged by the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted stock options will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The stock options may not be transferred or pledged;Upon vesting  unless the participants engagement as members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group ends sooner  stock options remain exercisable for a period of four (4) years from the first vesting date. However  the participants may only exercise vested stock options during certain exercise windows as set out in separate option agreements; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI II 2023 granted stock options may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal.LTI II 2023 – Restricted stock units (with warrants as hedging arrangement)Within the scope of LTI II 2023  the Company may also grant participants RSUs  entailing the right to  subject to certain conditions being met  receive either a share  warrant of series II 2023 or an ADS free of charge or to an exercise price equal to the quota value of the Company´s share  at the time of exercise of the RSU.RSUs may be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group;The RSUs will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;The RSUs granted will be subject to time based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the RSUs would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining employed or engaged by the Olink group;The RSUs will vest in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain employed or engaged by the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates and the holders of RSUs will receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023 in settlement of the RSUs following the applicable vesting date. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted RSUs will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The RSUs may not be transferred or pledged; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI II 2023 granted RSUs may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal.The warrants issued to the Company in order to secure delivery of shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options or settlement of RSUs granted to participants in LTI II 2023 may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise.Allocation of stock options and RSUs  limitations in the disposition over the stock options and the RSUs and the right to receive stock options and RSUsThe participants’ right to be granted stock options and RSUs have been differentiated with reference to position  responsibility and working performance in the group and the participants have for this reason been divided into four different categories:Category A (Management) – Members of the group management;Category B (Tier I) – Key employees;Category C (Tier II) – Other employees and consultants; andCategory D (Tier III) – Other individual contributorsThe right to receive stock options or RSUs under LTI II 2023 shall vest in members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants employed or engaged by the Company or the group. The following allocation applies to the grant of stock options and RSUs within each category.Maximum number of stock options/RSUs for each participant Total number of stock options/RSUs within the categoryCategory A – not more than 11 people 15 000/65 000 70 000/200 000 Category B – not more than 27 people 0/10 000 0/120 000 Category C – not more than 250 people 0/5 000 0/370 000 Category D – not more than 380 people 0/2 000 0/150 000In total  a maximum of 840 000 RSUs and 70 000 stock options may be granted to participants.In the event that all stock options or RSUs within category A  B or C are not transferred  such non-transferred stock options or RSUs may be offered to participants in another category with less stock options and/or RSUs available for allotment. The maximum number of stock options or RSUs per person within each category as set out above may however not be exceeded for any individual.Proposal regarding issue of warrants of series II 2023 (item 16 (b))The Board of Directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 910 000 warrants of series II 2023 for subscription of shares  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 2 213 035.02 at full exercise of warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.73 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company.The right to subscribe for the warrants of series II 2023 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only belong to the Company  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants of series II 2023 as described above. The subscription for warrants shall be made up to and including 15 May 2023. Each warrant of series II 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series II 2023 shall be issued without compensation to the Company.The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise.In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI II 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Company may assign to a third party or in another way dispose of the warrants of series II 2023 in accordance with above.A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants of series II 2023  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants is available at www.olink.com.Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc.The exercise price for warrants in LTI II 2023  determined as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10 whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded upwards. The exercise price and/or the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscription for may be recalculated in the event of a split or reverse split of shares in accordance with customary re-calculation termsCostsThe stock options are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 70 000 stock options  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.8 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.70  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share/ADS during the term of the stock options of 71 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants and (iv) that all granted stock options will vest and be exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.3 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 15 per cent.The RSUs are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the RSUs. According to IFRS 2  the RSUs costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 840 000 RSUs  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 212.3 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.7  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) that the maximum number of RSUs encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants  (iii) that all granted RSUs will vest and (iv) that holders of RSUs receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with holders of RSUs receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 70.1 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 23 per cent and an annual increase in the market price of the Company’s share/ADS of 15 per cent during the vesting period.Other costs related to the LTI II 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.5 million during the term of the program.Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI II 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 293.9 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the total employee benefits expenses of the Olink group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 721 million.Motivation in respect of vesting and exercise conditionsAccording to recommendations laid down by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Sw. Kollegiet för svensk bolagsstyrning)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised  shall as a general rule not be shorter than three (3) years. As set out further above  stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April for four years and RSUs will vest in equal installments on 7 April for four years and holders of RSUs will receive a share  ADS or warrant  provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled. The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Swedish Corporate Governance Board as set out above  is that the Board of Directors of the Company deem such terms to be in line with market practice for stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in the LTI II 2023 are operative. It is therefore  in the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of the LTI II 2023.DilutionUpon exercise of all warrants of series II 2023 issued within the frame of LTI II 2023 for subscription of shares  up to 910 000 shares (with reservation for any re-calculation) may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.73 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of warrants of series II 2023 for subscription of shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 2 213 035.02. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of the stock options and RSUs  divided by the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the Company as per 28 February 2023 after such issues.Preparation of the proposalThe proposal to the incentive program LTI II 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors together with external advisers. The Company’s board member and CEO Jon Heimer has not participated in the preparations of LTI II 2023.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rightsThe reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement an incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and the group.Majority requirementA resolution to approve the present proposal is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted for and of the shares represented at the general meeting.AuthorizationIt is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB and that the Board of Directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the LTI II 2023 and the Plan due to applicable foreign rules and laws.Outstanding incentive programsThe Company does have the following outstanding share-related incentive programs.LTI 2021. A general meeting held on 16 March 2021 approved the majority shareholders’ proposal regarding an incentive program for board members  members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group and resolution of issue of not more than 1 085 900 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  1 085 900 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 378 547 stock options and 333 601 RSUs have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options or RSUs will be offered out of LTI 2021. The exercise price was set to USD 25 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options and RSUs which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 624 484 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0 50 per cent.LTI I 2022. A general meeting held on 7 April 2022 approved the majority shareholders’ proposal regarding an incentive program for board members in the Company and resolved on an issue of not more than 70 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  65 625 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 65 625 stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options will be offered out of LTI I 2022. The exercise price was set to USD 17.39 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 65 625 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.05 per cent.LTI II 2022. A general meeting held on 7 April 2022 approved the board of directors’ proposal regarding an incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group and resolved on an issue of not more than 797 514 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  797 514 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 41 448 stock options and 611 460 RSUs have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options or RSUs will be offered out of LTI II 2022. The exercise price was set to USD 17.39 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options and RSUs which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 652 908 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0 52 per cent.17. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on a new issueThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  increase the Company’s share capital by issuing new shares. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights whereby payment can be made in cash and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to the extent that it corresponds to a dilution of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of shares based on the number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting’s resolution on the proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to provide the Company with working capital and/or new owners of strategic importance to the Company and/or to procure capital to finance acquisitions of other companies or operations and/or to procure capital to finance the development of projects and/or to commercialize the Company’s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions.The Board of Directors  the CEO or the person that the Board appoints  shall have the right to make any adjustments in the decision required for registration.The resolution proposed by the Board of Directors in accordance with item 17 must be approved by shareholders representing not less than two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.SHARES AND VOTESThe Company has issued a total of 124 108 371 shares. The total number of votes is 124 108 371. This information relates to the situation at the time of issuing this notice.SHAREHOLDERS RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7  section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen)  the Board of Directors and the CEO are under a duty to  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors deems that it can be made without material damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting  regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the Company’s economic situation. The duty of disclosure also includes the Company’s relationship to other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries which are set out in the preceding sentence.DOCUMENTATIONAccounting documents  the auditor’s report  proposals from the Nomination Committee in accordance with item 2 and 11-14 and the majority shareholders’ and Board of Directors’ complete proposals in accordance with items 9b  15  16 and 17 on the agenda will be available at the Company no later than Monday 27 March 2023 and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. These documents will also be available on the Company’s website on the same date. The majority shareholders’ proposal  the Nomination Committee’s proposals and details of all proposed members of the Board of Directors will be available on the Company’s website from the date of issuances of this notice.Uppsala in March 2023The Board of DirectorsOlink Holding AB (publ)Investor contactJan Medina  CFAVP Investor Relations & Capital MarketsMobile: +1 617 802 4157jan.medina@olink.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Olink Holding AB', 'Notice', 'equivalent document verifying authority', 'Voting right registrations', 'Olink Holding AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'social security number', 'various decision points', 'Data Protection Regulation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Uppsala Science Park', 'blank voting instructions', ""shareholders' voting rights"", 'Council Regulation', 'voting list', 'voting register', 'Personal data', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Salagatan 18B', 'share register', 'head office', 'attending counsel', 'European Parliament', 'privacy policy', 'other cases', 'legal entities', 'investors.olink', 'Electoral Register', 'registration number', 'Such registration', 'Wednesday 15 March', 'telephone number', 'full information', 'registered persons', 'above address', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'original proxy', 'proxy forms', 'Wednesday 5 April', 'Tuesday 11 April', 'attorney form', 'The Company', '17 April', 'reg.', 'notice', 'Monday', 'facilities', 'CET', 'PARTICIPATION', 'proceedings', 'behalf', 'publ', 'mail', 'notification', 'name', 'shares', 'attendance', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'assistants', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'handling', 'integrity-policy', 'nominee', 'addition', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'first', 'support', 'participants', 'invitation', 'OPPORTUNITY', 'power', 'Chairman', 'written', 'signed', 'dated', 'documents', 'certificate', 'copy', 'website', 'possibility', 'Opening', 'Election', 'approval', '4:00', '3:30', '51']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20562,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLINK-HOLDING-AB-PUBL-120591132/news/Notice-to-attend-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Olink-Holding-AB-publ-43255449/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)  UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 -- The shareholders of Olink Holding AB   reg. no. 559189-7755  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held at 4:00 p.m. CET on Monday the 17 April 2023  in the Company’s facil…,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ) 03/15/2023 | 04:06pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The shareholders of Olink Holding AB (publ) (the “Company” or “Olink”)  reg. no. 559189-7755  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held at 4:00 p.m. CET on Monday the 17 April 2023  in the Company’s facilities at Salagatan 18B  Uppsala. Registration for the meeting commences at 3:30 p.m. CET.NOTICE OF PARTICIPATION Shareholders who wish to attend in the proceedings of the Annual General Meeting must: be entered in the share register kept on behalf of the Company by Euroclear Sweden AB  as of Wednesday 5 April 2023; andnotify the Company’s head office at Olink Holding AB (publ)  Annual General Meeting 2023  Uppsala Science Park  SE-751 83 Uppsala  Sweden or by telephone +46 (0)18 444 39 70 or via e-mail to ir@olink.com no later than Tuesday 11 April 2023. The notification must contain the shareholder’s name  social security number (registration number)  address  telephone number and the number of shares represented as well as any attending counsel  maximum two. Personal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices and attendance at the meeting and information on representatives  proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  where appropriate  the minutes of the meeting. Personal data is handled in accordance with the Data Protection Regulation (European Parliament and Council Regulation (EU) 2016/679). For full information regarding the Company’s handling of personal data  please refer to our privacy policy: https://www.olink.com/about-us/integrity-policy/. To be entitled to participate in the Meeting a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on Wednesday 5 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than Tuesday 11 April 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register. The Company intends to enable shareholders to participate electronically via link. It should then be noted that such a procedure presupposes that the Meeting first approves that pre-registered persons participate via link. In the case of participation via link  there is no support for managing the voting register  which means that if participants via a link actively want to influence the Annual General Meeting’s decision  this must be done by proxy to a person who physically participates in the Annual General Meeting. If there are registered persons on Tuesday  11 April 2023 that wish to participate via link  the Company will send out an invitation with instructions on how to join the Annual General Meeting electronically. OPPORTUNITY FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO EXERCISE THEIR VOTING RIGHTS THROUGH PROXY Shareholders who do not wish to attend the meeting in person may authorize a proxy to exercise their voting rights. The power of attorney is proposed to be presented to the Chairman of the Meeting or another person whom the shareholder knows will attend the Annual General Meeting. If the power of attorney is exhibited to the Chairman of the Meeting  the power of attorney must be combined with a voting instruction so that the Chairman of the Meeting knows how to vote under the various decision points. If the power of attorney is not combined with a voting instruction  then the Chairman will not be able to represent the shareholder at the meeting. In other cases  the power of attorney should also be combined with a voting instruction. If participation will be by proxy  the shareholder shall issue a written  signed and dated proxy together with any documents verifying authority. Proxies for legal entities must also be accompanied by a certificate of incorporation or equivalent document verifying authority. A copy of the proxy  the voting instruction and any certificate of incorporation should  in advance  before the meeting be sent to the Company at the above address. The original proxy shall  if applicable  also be presented at the meeting. The Company provides the shareholders with proxy forms as well as blank voting instructions  which can be obtained at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.investors.olink.com by the latest on Wednesday 15 March 2023. Note that the possibility of having a proxy exercise the shareholders' voting rights at the Annual General Meeting presupposes that the shareholder has made a notification and is included in the share register in accordance with what is stated above in the Notice of participation. Thus  it is not enough to just submit a power of attorney form. PROPOSED AGENDA Opening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman to preside over the Meeting. Preparation and approval of Electoral Register. Approval of the agenda proposed by the Board. Election of one or two persons to approve the Minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been properly convened. Presentation of the Annual report and the Audit Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Consolidated Audit Report. Presentation by the CEO. Resolutions regarding adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  regarding allocation of the Company’s result in accordance with the duly adopted Balance Sheet  and regarding discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Report on the work of the Nomination Committee. Determination of the number of Board members. Resolution of fees for the Board of Directors and the Auditor. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Election of Auditor. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI I 2023”). Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI II 2023”). Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on a new issue. Closing of the Meeting.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE’S PROPOSED RESOLUTION WITH RESPECT TO ITEMS 2 AND 11-14 ON THE AGENDA The Nomination Committee consists of the Chairman of the Board Jon Hindar  Tommi Unkuri (appointed by Summa Equity)  Martin Sjölund (appointed by Summa Equity) and Johan Pietilä Holmner (appointed by Summa Equity). Tommi Unkuri is the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee  whose members represent 65 per cent of the votes in the Company  has announced the following proposals: 2. Election of Chairman to preside over the Meeting The Chairman of the Board  Jon Hindar  is proposed as Chairman to preside over the Meeting. 11. Determination of the number of board members The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of nine board members and one deputy board member. 12. Determination of fees for the Board of Directors and the auditors The fee for each Board member shall be as follows: USD 120 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  USD 70 000 to each of the other Board members appointed by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the Company  additionally USD 20 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and additionally USD 10 000 to each other member of the Remuneration Committee  additionally USD 30 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and additionally USD 15 000 to each other member of the Audit Committee. If Tommi Unkuri is elected by the Annual General Meeting  he shall not receive any fees for Board or committee work. Total fees amount to USD 640 000. Audit fees will be paid according to approved invoices. 13. Election of board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Re-election of the board members Jon Hindar  Jon Heimer  Solange Bullukian  Johan Lund  Nicolas Roelofs  Mary Reumuth  Robert Schueren and Tommi Unkuri and re-election of Johan Pietilä Holmner as deputy board member. Dr. Gregory J. Moore is proposed as new board member. Jon Hindar is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Further information about the suggested Board members is available at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting. 14. Election of Auditor The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee that has been approved by the whole Board as a recommendation  that registered auditing firm Ernst & Young AB be re-elected as auditor of the Company until the conclusion of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young AB has notified that if the Annual General Meeting approves the proposal  authorized public accountant Fredrik Norrman will remain the Auditor in charge. PROPOSAL BY THE MAJORITY SHAREHOLDERS WITH RESPECT TO RESOLUTIONS UNDER ITEMS 15 15. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI I 2023”) Background and reasons The Company has previously implemented long term incentive programs for the years of 2021 and 2022. In view of this  the majority shareholders propose that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for the board members in the Company (“LTI I 2023”). The proposal to implement an incentive program has been put forward as the majority shareholders determines that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders to create even greater participation for current and future board members in the Company with regard to the group’s development. It is also important to encourage continued commitment. In the light of the above  the majority shareholders propose that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement the incentive program LTI I 2023 in accordance with item (a)–(b) below. The resolutions under item (a)–(b) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. LTI I 2023 is proposed to include up to 8 current and future board members of the Company. Proposal regarding the adoption of LTI I 2023 (item 15 (a)) LTI I 2023 is comprised of stock options which will be granted to current and future board members of the Company pursuant to the Olink Holding AB (publ) Amended and Restated 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the “Plan”)  as amended  and an award agreement thereunder to be entered into between the Company and each recipient evidencing each such grant and terms under the Plan. On 14 March 2023  the Board adopted  subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders  an amendment to the Plan  which will become effective on the date of its approval by the Company’s shareholders  which will occur upon approval by the Company’s shareholders of LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The purpose of the amendment to the Plan is to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Plan in order to ensure that there is a sufficient number of shares available for grant pursuant to LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The majority shareholders propose that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 70 000 warrants of series I 2023 in order to secure delivery of either shares  warrants of series I 2023 or American depository shares in the Company (“ADS”) upon exercise of stock options to participants in LTI I 2023. The right to subscribe for the warrants of series I 2023 shall vest in the Company. The Company shall keep warrants of series I 2023 to ensure delivery of shares  warrants of series I 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options in LTI I 2023. Each warrant of series I 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series I 2023 shall be issued without consideration to the Company. Below is a description of the terms and conditions for the LTI I 2023. A copy of the Plan can be found at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting and shareholders are advised to review the actual terms of the Plan. LTI I 2023 – Stock options (with warrants as hedging arrangement) Each stock option entitles the participant to acquire either one (1) share in the Company  one (1) warrant of series I 2023 or one (1) ADS in accordance with the following terms and conditions:Stock options may be granted to current and future board members of the Company;The stock options of LTI I 2023 will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;Each stock option entitles the holder to acquire either one (1) share  warrant of series I 2023 or ADS in the Company at an exercise price equal to 100 per cent to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s ADS on the Nasdaq Global Market on the relevant grant date or in the absence of any sale on such date the immediately preceding date on which a sale occurred;The stock options are subject to time-based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the options would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining board member of the Olink group;The stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain a board member of the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted stock options will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The stock options may not be transferred or pledged;Upon vesting  unless the participant’s engagement as a board member ends sooner  stock options remain exercisable for a period of four (4) years from the first vesting date. However  the participants may only exercise vested stock options during certain exercise windows as set out in separate option agreements; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI I 2023 granted stock options may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal. The warrants issued to the Company in order to secure delivery of shares  warrants of series I 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options granted to participants in LTI I 2023 may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. Allocation of stock options  limitations in the disposition over the stock options and the right to receive stock options The right to receive stock options of LTI I 2023 shall vest in current and future board members of the Company. In total  a maximum of 70 000 stock options may be granted to participants  of which a maximum of 10 000 stock options may be granted to each participant. Proposal regarding issue of warrants of series I 2023 (item 15 (b)) The majority shareholders proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 70 000 warrants of series I 2023 for subscription of shares  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 170 233.46 at full exercise of warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.06 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company. The right to subscribe for the warrants of series I 2023 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only belong to the Company  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants of series I 2023 as described above. The subscription for warrants shall be made up to and including 15 May 2023. Each warrant of series I 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series I 2023 shall be issued without compensation to the Company. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI I 2023  the majority shareholders proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Company may assign to a third party or in another way dispose of the warrants of series I 2023 in accordance with above. A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants of series I 2023  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants is available at www.olink.com. Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc. The exercise price for warrants in LTI I 2023  determined as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10 whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded upwards. The exercise price and/or the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscription for may be recalculated in the event of a split or reverse split of shares in accordance with customary re-calculation terms. CostsThe stock options are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 70 000 stock options  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.8 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.70  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share/ADS during the term of the stock options of 71 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants and (iv) that all granted stock options will vest and be exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.3 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 15 per cent. Other costs related to the LTI I 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 0.5 million during the term of the program. Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI I 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 10.6 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the total employee benefits expenses of the Olink group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 721 million. Motivation in respect of vesting and exercise conditions According to recommendations laid down by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Sw. Kollegiet för svensk bolagsstyrning)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised  shall as a general rule not be shorter than three (3) years. As set out further above  stock options will generally vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April for four years (provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled). The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Swedish Corporate Governance Board as set out above  is that the majority shareholders deem such terms to be in line with market practice for stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in the LTI I 2023 are operative. It is therefore  in the opinion of the majority shareholders of the Company  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of the LTI I 2023. Dilution Upon exercise of all warrants of series I 2023 issued within the frame of LTI I 2023 for subscription of shares  up to 70 000 shares (with reservation for any re-calculation) may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.06 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of warrants of series I 2023 for subscription of shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 170 233.46. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of the stock options  divided by the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the Company as per 28 February 2023 after such issues. Preparation of the proposal The proposal to the incentive program LTI I 2023 has been prepared by the majority shareholders together with external advisers. No participant of LTI I 2023 has participated in the preparation of this proposal. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement an incentive program for the Board of Directors in the Company. Majority requirement A resolution to approve the present proposal is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted for and of the shares represented at the general meeting. Authorization It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB and that the Board of Directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the LTI I 2023 and the Plan due to applicable foreign rules and laws. PROPOSAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITH RESPECT TO RESOLUTIONS UNDER ITEMS 9b AND 16-17 9b. Resolution with respect to disposition of the Company’s result according to the adopted Balance Sheet The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2022 and that the Company's available funds be capitalized in a new account. 16. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI II 2023” - Stock options and restricted stock units (with warrants as a hedging arrangement)) Background and reasons The Company has previously implemented long term incentive programs for the years of 2021 and 2022. In view of this  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long term incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group (“LTI II 2023”). The proposal to implement an incentive program has been put forward as the Board of Directors determines that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders to create even greater participation for current and future members of the group management  key employees and other employees and consultants in the Company and the group with regard to the group’s development. It is also important to encourage continued employment and service. In the light of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement the incentive program LTI II 2023 in accordance with item (a)–(b) below. The resolutions under item (a)–(b) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. LTI II 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 668 current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group. Proposal regarding the adoption of LTI II 2023 (item 16 (a)) LTI II 2023 is comprised of stock options and restricted stock units (“RSU”) which will be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  employees and consultants within the Olink group pursuant to the Plan  as amended  and an award agreement thereunder to be entered into between the Company and each recipient evidencing each such grant and terms under the Plan. On 14 March 2023  the Board adopted  subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders  an amendment to the Plan  which will become effective on the date of its approval by the Company’s shareholders  which will occur upon approval by the Company’s shareholders of LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The purpose of the amendment to the Plan is to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Plan in order to ensure that there is a sufficient number of shares available for grant pursuant to LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 910 000 warrants of series II 2023 in order to secure delivery of either shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS in the Company upon exercise of stock options or RSUs to participants in LTI II 2023. The right to subscribe for the warrants of Series II 2023 shall vest in the Company. The Company shall keep warrants of Series II 2023 to ensure delivery of shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options in LTI II 2023. Each warrant of series II 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series II 2023 shall be issued without consideration to the Company. Below is a description of the terms and conditions for the LTI II 2023. A copy of the Plan can be found at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting and shareholders are advised to review the actual terms of the Plan. LTI II 2023 – Stock options (with warrants as hedging arrangement) Each stock option entitles the participant to acquire either one (1) share in the Company  one (1) warrant of series II 2023 or one (1) ADS in accordance with the following terms and conditions: Stock options may be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group;The stock options of LTI II 2023 will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;Each stock option entitles the holder to acquire either one (1) share  warrant of series II 2023 or ADS in the Company at an exercise price equal to 100 per cent to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s ADS on the Nasdaq Global Market on the relevant grant date or in the absence of any sale on such date the immediately preceding date on which a sale occurred;The stock options are subject to time based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the options would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining employed or engaged by the Olink group;The stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain employed or engaged by the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted stock options will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The stock options may not be transferred or pledged;Upon vesting  unless the participants engagement as members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group ends sooner  stock options remain exercisable for a period of four (4) years from the first vesting date. However  the participants may only exercise vested stock options during certain exercise windows as set out in separate option agreements; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI II 2023 granted stock options may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal. LTI II 2023 – Restricted stock units (with warrants as hedging arrangement) Within the scope of LTI II 2023  the Company may also grant participants RSUs  entailing the right to  subject to certain conditions being met  receive either a share  warrant of series II 2023 or an ADS free of charge or to an exercise price equal to the quota value of the Company´s share  at the time of exercise of the RSU. RSUs may be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group;The RSUs will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;The RSUs granted will be subject to time based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the RSUs would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining employed or engaged by the Olink group;The RSUs will vest in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain employed or engaged by the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates and the holders of RSUs will receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023 in settlement of the RSUs following the applicable vesting date. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted RSUs will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The RSUs may not be transferred or pledged; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI II 2023 granted RSUs may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal. The warrants issued to the Company in order to secure delivery of shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options or settlement of RSUs granted to participants in LTI II 2023 may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. Allocation of stock options and RSUs  limitations in the disposition over the stock options and the RSUs and the right to receive stock options and RSUs The participants’ right to be granted stock options and RSUs have been differentiated with reference to position  responsibility and working performance in the group and the participants have for this reason been divided into four different categories: Category A (Management) – Members of the group management; Category B (Tier I) – Key employees; Category C (Tier II) – Other employees and consultants; and Category D (Tier III) – Other individual contributors The right to receive stock options or RSUs under LTI II 2023 shall vest in members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants employed or engaged by the Company or the group. The following allocation applies to the grant of stock options and RSUs within each category. Maximum number of stock options/RSUs for each participant Total number of stock options/RSUs within the categoryCategory A – not more than 11 people 15 000/65 000 70 000/200 000 Category B – not more than 27 people 0/10 000 0/120 000 Category C – not more than 250 people 0/5 000 0/370 000 Category D – not more than 380 people 0/2 000 0/150 000 In total  a maximum of 840 000 RSUs and 70 000 stock options may be granted to participants. In the event that all stock options or RSUs within category A  B or C are not transferred  such non-transferred stock options or RSUs may be offered to participants in another category with less stock options and/or RSUs available for allotment. The maximum number of stock options or RSUs per person within each category as set out above may however not be exceeded for any individual. Proposal regarding issue of warrants of series II 2023 (item 16 (b)) The Board of Directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 910 000 warrants of series II 2023 for subscription of shares  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 2 213 035.02 at full exercise of warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.73 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company. The right to subscribe for the warrants of series II 2023 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only belong to the Company  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants of series II 2023 as described above. The subscription for warrants shall be made up to and including 15 May 2023. Each warrant of series II 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series II 2023 shall be issued without compensation to the Company. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI II 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Company may assign to a third party or in another way dispose of the warrants of series II 2023 in accordance with above. A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants of series II 2023  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants is available at www.olink.com. Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc. The exercise price for warrants in LTI II 2023  determined as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10 whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded upwards. The exercise price and/or the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscription for may be recalculated in the event of a split or reverse split of shares in accordance with customary re-calculation terms Costs The stock options are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 70 000 stock options  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.8 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.70  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share/ADS during the term of the stock options of 71 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants and (iv) that all granted stock options will vest and be exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.3 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 15 per cent. The RSUs are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the RSUs. According to IFRS 2  the RSUs costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 840 000 RSUs  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 212.3 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.7  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) that the maximum number of RSUs encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants  (iii) that all granted RSUs will vest and (iv) that holders of RSUs receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with holders of RSUs receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 70.1 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 23 per cent and an annual increase in the market price of the Company’s share/ADS of 15 per cent during the vesting period. Other costs related to the LTI II 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.5 million during the term of the program. Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI II 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 293.9 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the total employee benefits expenses of the Olink group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 721 million. Motivation in respect of vesting and exercise conditions According to recommendations laid down by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Sw. Kollegiet för svensk bolagsstyrning)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised  shall as a general rule not be shorter than three (3) years. As set out further above  stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April for four years and RSUs will vest in equal installments on 7 April for four years and holders of RSUs will receive a share  ADS or warrant  provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled. The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Swedish Corporate Governance Board as set out above  is that the Board of Directors of the Company deem such terms to be in line with market practice for stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in the LTI II 2023 are operative. It is therefore  in the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of the LTI II 2023. Dilution Upon exercise of all warrants of series II 2023 issued within the frame of LTI II 2023 for subscription of shares  up to 910 000 shares (with reservation for any re-calculation) may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.73 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of warrants of series II 2023 for subscription of shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 2 213 035.02. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of the stock options and RSUs  divided by the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the Company as per 28 February 2023 after such issues. Preparation of the proposal The proposal to the incentive program LTI II 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors together with external advisers. The Company’s board member and CEO Jon Heimer has not participated in the preparations of LTI II 2023. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement an incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and the group. Majority requirement A resolution to approve the present proposal is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted for and of the shares represented at the general meeting. Authorization It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB and that the Board of Directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the LTI II 2023 and the Plan due to applicable foreign rules and laws. Outstanding incentive programs The Company does have the following outstanding share-related incentive programs. LTI 2021. A general meeting held on 16 March 2021 approved the majority shareholders’ proposal regarding an incentive program for board members  members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group and resolution of issue of not more than 1 085 900 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  1 085 900 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 378 547 stock options and 333 601 RSUs have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options or RSUs will be offered out of LTI 2021. The exercise price was set to USD 25 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options and RSUs which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 624 484 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0 50 per cent. LTI I 2022. A general meeting held on 7 April 2022 approved the majority shareholders’ proposal regarding an incentive program for board members in the Company and resolved on an issue of not more than 70 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  65 625 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 65 625 stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options will be offered out of LTI I 2022. The exercise price was set to USD 17.39 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 65 625 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.05 per cent. LTI II 2022. A general meeting held on 7 April 2022 approved the board of directors’ proposal regarding an incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group and resolved on an issue of not more than 797 514 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  797 514 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 41 448 stock options and 611 460 RSUs have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options or RSUs will be offered out of LTI II 2022. The exercise price was set to USD 17.39 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options and RSUs which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 652 908 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0 52 per cent. 17. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on a new issue The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  increase the Company’s share capital by issuing new shares. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights whereby payment can be made in cash and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to the extent that it corresponds to a dilution of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of shares based on the number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting’s resolution on the proposed authorization. The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to provide the Company with working capital and/or new owners of strategic importance to the Company and/or to procure capital to finance acquisitions of other companies or operations and/or to procure capital to finance the development of projects and/or to commercialize the Company’s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions. The Board of Directors  the CEO or the person that the Board appoints  shall have the right to make any adjustments in the decision required for registration. The resolution proposed by the Board of Directors in accordance with item 17 must be approved by shareholders representing not less than two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. SHARES AND VOTES The Company has issued a total of 124 108 371 shares. The total number of votes is 124 108 371. This information relates to the situation at the time of issuing this notice. SHAREHOLDERS RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATION Pursuant to Chapter 7  section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen)  the Board of Directors and the CEO are under a duty to  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors deems that it can be made without material damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting  regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the Company’s economic situation. The duty of disclosure also includes the Company’s relationship to other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries which are set out in the preceding sentence. DOCUMENTATION Accounting documents  the auditor’s report  proposals from the Nomination Committee in accordance with item 2 and 11-14 and the majority shareholders’ and Board of Directors’ complete proposals in accordance with items 9b  15  16 and 17 on the agenda will be available at the Company no later than Monday 27 March 2023 and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. These documents will also be available on the Company’s website on the same date. The majority shareholders’ proposal  the Nomination Committee’s proposals and details of all proposed members of the Board of Directors will be available on the Company’s website from the date of issuances of this notice. Uppsala in March 2023 The Board of Directors Olink Holding AB (publ)Investor contactJan Medina  CFAVP Investor Relations & Capital MarketsMobile: +1 617 802 4157jan.medina@olink.com Media contactAndrea PranderCorporate Communications ManagerMobile: +46 768 775 275andrea.prander@olink.com© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about OLINK HOLDING AB (PUBL) 03/15 Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ) GL 03/15 Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ) GL 03/06 NUS Medicine implements Olink technology to accelerate precision medicine through next-.. GL 03/06 NUS Medicine implements Olink technology to accelerate precision medicine through next-.. AQ 03/06 Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine  National University of Singapore Implements Olink Tech.. CI 02/28 Olink Holding  Regeneron Genetics Center to Generate Proteomic Data to Advance Precisio.. MT 02/28 Olink establishes agreement with Regeneron Genetics Center to scale their proteomics ef.. GL 02/28 Olink establishes agreement with Regeneron Genetics Center to scale their proteomics ef.. AQ 02/28 Olink Holding AB Establishes Agreement with Regeneron Genetics Center to Scale Their Pr.. CI 02/22 Goldman Sachs Adjusts Price Target on Olink Holding to $18 From $16  Maintains Neutral .. MT Analyst Recommendations on OLINK HOLDING AB (PUBL) 02/22 Goldman Sachs Adjusts Price Target on Olink Holding to $18 From $16  Maintains Neutral .. MT 01/05 Scotiabank Initiates Olink Holding AB at Sector Outperform With $27 Price Target MT 2022 Canaccord Genuity Initiates Olink With Buy Rating  Price Target is $28 MT,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Olink Holding AB', 'Notice', 'equivalent document verifying authority', 'multiple email addresses', 'Voting right registrations', 'Olink Holding AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'social security number', 'various decision points', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Data Protection Regulation', 'Uppsala Science Park', 'blank voting instructions', ""shareholders' voting rights"", 'Council Regulation', 'voting list', 'voting register', 'Personal data', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Salagatan 18B', 'share register', 'head office', 'attending counsel', 'European Parliament', 'privacy policy', 'other cases', 'legal entities', 'registration number', 'Such registration', 'Wednesday 5 April', 'telephone number', 'full information', 'registered persons', 'above address', 'Wednesday 15 March', 'Tuesday 11 April', 'original proxy', 'proxy forms', 'The Company', 'PROXY Shareholders', 'PARTICIPATION Shareholders', 'First name', '17 April', 'Notice', '04:06pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'publ', 'Monday', 'facilities', 'CET', 'proceedings', 'behalf', 'notification', 'shares', 'attendance', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'assistants', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'handling', 'integrity-policy', 'nominee', 'addition', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'support', 'participants', 'invitation', 'OPPORTUNITY', 'power', 'attorney', 'Chairman', 'written', 'signed', 'dated', 'documents', 'certificate', 'copy', 'website', 'investors', 'possibility', '4:00', '3:30', '51']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20563,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OLINK-HOLDING-AB-PUBL-120591132/news/Notice-to-attend-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Olink-Holding-AB-publ-43255446/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ),(marketscreener.com) UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 -- The shareholders of Olink Holding AB   reg. no. 559189-7755  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held at 4:00 p.m. CET on Monday the 17 April 2023  in the Company’s facilit…,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ) 03/15/2023 | 04:06pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The shareholders of Olink Holding AB (publ) (the “Company” or “Olink”)  reg. no. 559189-7755  are hereby given notice to attend the Annual General Meeting to be held at 4:00 p.m. CET on Monday the 17 April 2023  in the Company’s facilities at Salagatan 18B  Uppsala. Registration for the meeting commences at 3:30 p.m. CET.NOTICE OF PARTICIPATION Shareholders who wish to attend in the proceedings of the Annual General Meeting must: be entered in the share register kept on behalf of the Company by Euroclear Sweden AB  as of Wednesday 5 April 2023; andnotify the Company’s head office at Olink Holding AB (publ)  Annual General Meeting 2023  Uppsala Science Park  SE-751 83 Uppsala  Sweden or by telephone +46 (0)18 444 39 70 or via e-mail to ir@olink.com no later than Tuesday 11 April 2023. The notification must contain the shareholder’s name  social security number (registration number)  address  telephone number and the number of shares represented as well as any attending counsel  maximum two. Personal data obtained from the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  notices and attendance at the meeting and information on representatives  proxies and assistants will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  where appropriate  the minutes of the meeting. Personal data is handled in accordance with the Data Protection Regulation (European Parliament and Council Regulation (EU) 2016/679). For full information regarding the Company’s handling of personal data  please refer to our privacy policy: https://www.olink.com/about-us/integrity-policy/. To be entitled to participate in the Meeting a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register on Wednesday 5 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed not later than Tuesday 11 April 2023 are taken into account when preparing the share register. The Company intends to enable shareholders to participate electronically via link. It should then be noted that such a procedure presupposes that the Meeting first approves that pre-registered persons participate via link. In the case of participation via link  there is no support for managing the voting register  which means that if participants via a link actively want to influence the Annual General Meeting’s decision  this must be done by proxy to a person who physically participates in the Annual General Meeting. If there are registered persons on Tuesday  11 April 2023 that wish to participate via link  the Company will send out an invitation with instructions on how to join the Annual General Meeting electronically. OPPORTUNITY FOR SHAREHOLDERS TO EXERCISE THEIR VOTING RIGHTS THROUGH PROXY Shareholders who do not wish to attend the meeting in person may authorize a proxy to exercise their voting rights. The power of attorney is proposed to be presented to the Chairman of the Meeting or another person whom the shareholder knows will attend the Annual General Meeting. If the power of attorney is exhibited to the Chairman of the Meeting  the power of attorney must be combined with a voting instruction so that the Chairman of the Meeting knows how to vote under the various decision points. If the power of attorney is not combined with a voting instruction  then the Chairman will not be able to represent the shareholder at the meeting. In other cases  the power of attorney should also be combined with a voting instruction. If participation will be by proxy  the shareholder shall issue a written  signed and dated proxy together with any documents verifying authority. Proxies for legal entities must also be accompanied by a certificate of incorporation or equivalent document verifying authority. A copy of the proxy  the voting instruction and any certificate of incorporation should  in advance  before the meeting be sent to the Company at the above address. The original proxy shall  if applicable  also be presented at the meeting. The Company provides the shareholders with proxy forms as well as blank voting instructions  which can be obtained at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.investors.olink.com by the latest on Wednesday 15 March 2023. Note that the possibility of having a proxy exercise the shareholders' voting rights at the Annual General Meeting presupposes that the shareholder has made a notification and is included in the share register in accordance with what is stated above in the Notice of participation. Thus  it is not enough to just submit a power of attorney form. PROPOSED AGENDA Opening of the Meeting. Election of Chairman to preside over the Meeting. Preparation and approval of Electoral Register. Approval of the agenda proposed by the Board. Election of one or two persons to approve the Minutes. Determination of whether the Meeting has been properly convened. Presentation of the Annual report and the Audit Report and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Consolidated Audit Report. Presentation by the CEO. Resolutions regarding adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet and the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet  regarding allocation of the Company’s result in accordance with the duly adopted Balance Sheet  and regarding discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Report on the work of the Nomination Committee. Determination of the number of Board members. Resolution of fees for the Board of Directors and the Auditor. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Election of Auditor. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI I 2023”). Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI II 2023”). Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on a new issue. Closing of the Meeting.THE NOMINATION COMMITTEE’S PROPOSED RESOLUTION WITH RESPECT TO ITEMS 2 AND 11-14 ON THE AGENDA The Nomination Committee consists of the Chairman of the Board Jon Hindar  Tommi Unkuri (appointed by Summa Equity)  Martin Sjölund (appointed by Summa Equity) and Johan Pietilä Holmner (appointed by Summa Equity). Tommi Unkuri is the Chairman of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee  whose members represent 65 per cent of the votes in the Company  has announced the following proposals: 2. Election of Chairman to preside over the Meeting The Chairman of the Board  Jon Hindar  is proposed as Chairman to preside over the Meeting. 11. Determination of the number of board members The Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of nine board members and one deputy board member. 12. Determination of fees for the Board of Directors and the auditors The fee for each Board member shall be as follows: USD 120 000 to the Chairman of the Board of Directors  USD 70 000 to each of the other Board members appointed by the Annual General Meeting who are not employed by the Company  additionally USD 20 000 to the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and additionally USD 10 000 to each other member of the Remuneration Committee  additionally USD 30 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and additionally USD 15 000 to each other member of the Audit Committee. If Tommi Unkuri is elected by the Annual General Meeting  he shall not receive any fees for Board or committee work. Total fees amount to USD 640 000. Audit fees will be paid according to approved invoices. 13. Election of board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors Re-election of the board members Jon Hindar  Jon Heimer  Solange Bullukian  Johan Lund  Nicolas Roelofs  Mary Reumuth  Robert Schueren and Tommi Unkuri and re-election of Johan Pietilä Holmner as deputy board member. Dr. Gregory J. Moore is proposed as new board member. Jon Hindar is proposed to be re-elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Further information about the suggested Board members is available at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting. 14. Election of Auditor The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee that has been approved by the whole Board as a recommendation  that registered auditing firm Ernst & Young AB be re-elected as auditor of the Company until the conclusion of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. Ernst & Young AB has notified that if the Annual General Meeting approves the proposal  authorized public accountant Fredrik Norrman will remain the Auditor in charge. PROPOSAL BY THE MAJORITY SHAREHOLDERS WITH RESPECT TO RESOLUTIONS UNDER ITEMS 15 15. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI I 2023”) Background and reasons The Company has previously implemented long term incentive programs for the years of 2021 and 2022. In view of this  the majority shareholders propose that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long-term incentive program for the board members in the Company (“LTI I 2023”). The proposal to implement an incentive program has been put forward as the majority shareholders determines that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders to create even greater participation for current and future board members in the Company with regard to the group’s development. It is also important to encourage continued commitment. In the light of the above  the majority shareholders propose that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement the incentive program LTI I 2023 in accordance with item (a)–(b) below. The resolutions under item (a)–(b) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. LTI I 2023 is proposed to include up to 8 current and future board members of the Company. Proposal regarding the adoption of LTI I 2023 (item 15 (a)) LTI I 2023 is comprised of stock options which will be granted to current and future board members of the Company pursuant to the Olink Holding AB (publ) Amended and Restated 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the “Plan”)  as amended  and an award agreement thereunder to be entered into between the Company and each recipient evidencing each such grant and terms under the Plan. On 14 March 2023  the Board adopted  subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders  an amendment to the Plan  which will become effective on the date of its approval by the Company’s shareholders  which will occur upon approval by the Company’s shareholders of LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The purpose of the amendment to the Plan is to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Plan in order to ensure that there is a sufficient number of shares available for grant pursuant to LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The majority shareholders propose that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 70 000 warrants of series I 2023 in order to secure delivery of either shares  warrants of series I 2023 or American depository shares in the Company (“ADS”) upon exercise of stock options to participants in LTI I 2023. The right to subscribe for the warrants of series I 2023 shall vest in the Company. The Company shall keep warrants of series I 2023 to ensure delivery of shares  warrants of series I 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options in LTI I 2023. Each warrant of series I 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series I 2023 shall be issued without consideration to the Company. Below is a description of the terms and conditions for the LTI I 2023. A copy of the Plan can be found at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting and shareholders are advised to review the actual terms of the Plan. LTI I 2023 – Stock options (with warrants as hedging arrangement) Each stock option entitles the participant to acquire either one (1) share in the Company  one (1) warrant of series I 2023 or one (1) ADS in accordance with the following terms and conditions:Stock options may be granted to current and future board members of the Company;The stock options of LTI I 2023 will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;Each stock option entitles the holder to acquire either one (1) share  warrant of series I 2023 or ADS in the Company at an exercise price equal to 100 per cent to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s ADS on the Nasdaq Global Market on the relevant grant date or in the absence of any sale on such date the immediately preceding date on which a sale occurred;The stock options are subject to time-based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the options would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining board member of the Olink group;The stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain a board member of the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted stock options will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The stock options may not be transferred or pledged;Upon vesting  unless the participant’s engagement as a board member ends sooner  stock options remain exercisable for a period of four (4) years from the first vesting date. However  the participants may only exercise vested stock options during certain exercise windows as set out in separate option agreements; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI I 2023 granted stock options may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal. The warrants issued to the Company in order to secure delivery of shares  warrants of series I 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options granted to participants in LTI I 2023 may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. Allocation of stock options  limitations in the disposition over the stock options and the right to receive stock options The right to receive stock options of LTI I 2023 shall vest in current and future board members of the Company. In total  a maximum of 70 000 stock options may be granted to participants  of which a maximum of 10 000 stock options may be granted to each participant. Proposal regarding issue of warrants of series I 2023 (item 15 (b)) The majority shareholders proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 70 000 warrants of series I 2023 for subscription of shares  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 170 233.46 at full exercise of warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.06 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company. The right to subscribe for the warrants of series I 2023 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only belong to the Company  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants of series I 2023 as described above. The subscription for warrants shall be made up to and including 15 May 2023. Each warrant of series I 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series I 2023 shall be issued without compensation to the Company. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI I 2023  the majority shareholders proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Company may assign to a third party or in another way dispose of the warrants of series I 2023 in accordance with above. A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants of series I 2023  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants is available at www.olink.com. Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc. The exercise price for warrants in LTI I 2023  determined as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10 whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded upwards. The exercise price and/or the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscription for may be recalculated in the event of a split or reverse split of shares in accordance with customary re-calculation terms. CostsThe stock options are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 70 000 stock options  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.8 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.70  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share/ADS during the term of the stock options of 71 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants and (iv) that all granted stock options will vest and be exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.3 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 15 per cent. Other costs related to the LTI I 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 0.5 million during the term of the program. Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI I 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 10.6 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the total employee benefits expenses of the Olink group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 721 million. Motivation in respect of vesting and exercise conditions According to recommendations laid down by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Sw. Kollegiet för svensk bolagsstyrning)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised  shall as a general rule not be shorter than three (3) years. As set out further above  stock options will generally vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April for four years (provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled). The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Swedish Corporate Governance Board as set out above  is that the majority shareholders deem such terms to be in line with market practice for stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in the LTI I 2023 are operative. It is therefore  in the opinion of the majority shareholders of the Company  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of the LTI I 2023. Dilution Upon exercise of all warrants of series I 2023 issued within the frame of LTI I 2023 for subscription of shares  up to 70 000 shares (with reservation for any re-calculation) may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.06 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of warrants of series I 2023 for subscription of shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 170 233.46. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of the stock options  divided by the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the Company as per 28 February 2023 after such issues. Preparation of the proposal The proposal to the incentive program LTI I 2023 has been prepared by the majority shareholders together with external advisers. No participant of LTI I 2023 has participated in the preparation of this proposal. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement an incentive program for the Board of Directors in the Company. Majority requirement A resolution to approve the present proposal is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted for and of the shares represented at the general meeting. Authorization It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB and that the Board of Directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the LTI I 2023 and the Plan due to applicable foreign rules and laws. PROPOSAL BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS WITH RESPECT TO RESOLUTIONS UNDER ITEMS 9b AND 16-17 9b. Resolution with respect to disposition of the Company’s result according to the adopted Balance Sheet The Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid for the financial year 2022 and that the Company's available funds be capitalized in a new account. 16. Resolution regarding incentive program (“LTI II 2023” - Stock options and restricted stock units (with warrants as a hedging arrangement)) Background and reasons The Company has previously implemented long term incentive programs for the years of 2021 and 2022. In view of this  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement a long term incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group (“LTI II 2023”). The proposal to implement an incentive program has been put forward as the Board of Directors determines that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders to create even greater participation for current and future members of the group management  key employees and other employees and consultants in the Company and the group with regard to the group’s development. It is also important to encourage continued employment and service. In the light of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement the incentive program LTI II 2023 in accordance with item (a)–(b) below. The resolutions under item (a)–(b) below are proposed to be conditional upon each other and for that reason it is proposed that all resolutions are to be passed as one resolution. LTI II 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 668 current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group. Proposal regarding the adoption of LTI II 2023 (item 16 (a)) LTI II 2023 is comprised of stock options and restricted stock units (“RSU”) which will be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  employees and consultants within the Olink group pursuant to the Plan  as amended  and an award agreement thereunder to be entered into between the Company and each recipient evidencing each such grant and terms under the Plan. On 14 March 2023  the Board adopted  subject to the approval of the Company’s shareholders  an amendment to the Plan  which will become effective on the date of its approval by the Company’s shareholders  which will occur upon approval by the Company’s shareholders of LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The purpose of the amendment to the Plan is to increase the maximum number of shares available for issuance under the Plan in order to ensure that there is a sufficient number of shares available for grant pursuant to LTI I 2023 and LTI II 2023 as described herein. The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to issue not more than 910 000 warrants of series II 2023 in order to secure delivery of either shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS in the Company upon exercise of stock options or RSUs to participants in LTI II 2023. The right to subscribe for the warrants of Series II 2023 shall vest in the Company. The Company shall keep warrants of Series II 2023 to ensure delivery of shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options in LTI II 2023. Each warrant of series II 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series II 2023 shall be issued without consideration to the Company. Below is a description of the terms and conditions for the LTI II 2023. A copy of the Plan can be found at https://investors.olink.com/annual-general-meeting and shareholders are advised to review the actual terms of the Plan. LTI II 2023 – Stock options (with warrants as hedging arrangement) Each stock option entitles the participant to acquire either one (1) share in the Company  one (1) warrant of series II 2023 or one (1) ADS in accordance with the following terms and conditions: Stock options may be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group;The stock options of LTI II 2023 will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;Each stock option entitles the holder to acquire either one (1) share  warrant of series II 2023 or ADS in the Company at an exercise price equal to 100 per cent to the fair market value of the share  as determined by the closing price of the Company’s ADS on the Nasdaq Global Market on the relevant grant date or in the absence of any sale on such date the immediately preceding date on which a sale occurred;The stock options are subject to time based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the options would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining employed or engaged by the Olink group;The stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain employed or engaged by the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted stock options will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The stock options may not be transferred or pledged;Upon vesting  unless the participants engagement as members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group ends sooner  stock options remain exercisable for a period of four (4) years from the first vesting date. However  the participants may only exercise vested stock options during certain exercise windows as set out in separate option agreements; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI II 2023 granted stock options may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal. LTI II 2023 – Restricted stock units (with warrants as hedging arrangement) Within the scope of LTI II 2023  the Company may also grant participants RSUs  entailing the right to  subject to certain conditions being met  receive either a share  warrant of series II 2023 or an ADS free of charge or to an exercise price equal to the quota value of the Company´s share  at the time of exercise of the RSU. RSUs may be granted to current and future members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants within the Olink group;The RSUs will be granted without consideration no later than the day before the next Annual General Meeting;The RSUs granted will be subject to time based vesting requirements – on the date when a portion of the RSUs would vest as a result of the passage of time with the participant remaining employed or engaged by the Olink group;The RSUs will vest in equal installments on 7 April 2024  7 April 2025  7 April 2026 and 7 April 2027 provided the participant remain employed or engaged by the Olink group at the applicable vesting dates and the holders of RSUs will receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023 in settlement of the RSUs following the applicable vesting date. As a main rule each vesting period shall be twelve (12) months. All granted RSUs will  as a general rule  have vested (if applicable) on 7 April 2027  i.e  a vesting period of four (4) years. In the event that the period between the grant date and the first vesting date is less than ten (10) months for any participant  the Board is entitled to decide on a separate vesting schedule for the participant with conditions substantially equivalent to those set out in this proposed resolution;The RSUs may not be transferred or pledged; andThe terms and conditions for participants in LTI II 2023 granted RSUs may differ between countries due to differences in local legislation  however the terms and conditions shall not be more favorable for participants than what is set out in this resolution proposal. The warrants issued to the Company in order to secure delivery of shares  warrants of series II 2023 or ADS upon exercise of stock options or settlement of RSUs granted to participants in LTI II 2023 may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. Allocation of stock options and RSUs  limitations in the disposition over the stock options and the RSUs and the right to receive stock options and RSUs The participants’ right to be granted stock options and RSUs have been differentiated with reference to position  responsibility and working performance in the group and the participants have for this reason been divided into four different categories: Category A (Management) – Members of the group management; Category B (Tier I) – Key employees; Category C (Tier II) – Other employees and consultants; and Category D (Tier III) – Other individual contributors The right to receive stock options or RSUs under LTI II 2023 shall vest in members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants employed or engaged by the Company or the group. The following allocation applies to the grant of stock options and RSUs within each category. Maximum number of stock options/RSUs for each participant Total number of stock options/RSUs within the categoryCategory A – not more than 11 people 15 000/65 000 70 000/200 000 Category B – not more than 27 people 0/10 000 0/120 000 Category C – not more than 250 people 0/5 000 0/370 000 Category D – not more than 380 people 0/2 000 0/150 000 In total  a maximum of 840 000 RSUs and 70 000 stock options may be granted to participants. In the event that all stock options or RSUs within category A  B or C are not transferred  such non-transferred stock options or RSUs may be offered to participants in another category with less stock options and/or RSUs available for allotment. The maximum number of stock options or RSUs per person within each category as set out above may however not be exceeded for any individual. Proposal regarding issue of warrants of series II 2023 (item 16 (b)) The Board of Directors proposes that the Company shall issue not more than 910 000 warrants of series II 2023 for subscription of shares  whereby the Company’s share capital may be increased by not more than SEK 2 213 035.02 at full exercise of warrants for subscription of shares  corresponding to approximately 0.73 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the Company. The right to subscribe for the warrants of series II 2023 shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  only belong to the Company  with the right and obligation to dispose of the warrants of series II 2023 as described above. The subscription for warrants shall be made up to and including 15 May 2023. Each warrant of series II 2023 entitles the holder to subscribe for one (1) share in the Company. The warrants of series II 2023 shall be issued without compensation to the Company. The warrants may be exercised for subscription of shares during the period from and during the period commencing on the date of the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including the date ten (10) years after the registration of the issue resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  at an exercise price equal to the shares’ quota value  at the time of exercise. In order to fulfil the commitments arising from LTI II 2023  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorizes that the Company may assign to a third party or in another way dispose of the warrants of series II 2023 in accordance with above. A detailed resolution proposal for the issue of warrants of series II 2023  including complete terms and conditions for the warrants is available at www.olink.com. Recalculation due to split  consolidation  new share issue etc. The exercise price for warrants in LTI II 2023  determined as set out above  shall be rounded to the nearest SEK 0.10 whereby SEK 0.05 shall be rounded upwards. The exercise price and/or the number of shares that each warrant entitles to subscription for may be recalculated in the event of a split or reverse split of shares in accordance with customary re-calculation terms Costs The stock options are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the stock options. According to IFRS 2  the stock option costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 70 000 stock options  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 8.8 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.70  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) an estimated future volatility in respect of the Company’s share/ADS during the term of the stock options of 71 per cent  (iii) that the maximum number of stock options encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants and (iv) that all granted stock options will vest and be exercised. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with the exercise of stock options  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.3 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 15 per cent. The RSUs are expected to incur accounting costs (accounted for in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2) as well as social security costs during the term of the RSUs. According to IFRS 2  the RSUs costs shall be recorded as a personnel expense in the income statement during the vesting period. The total costs for 840 000 RSUs  calculated in accordance with IFRS 2  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 212.3 million during the term of the program (excluding social security costs). The estimated costs have been calculated based on  inter alia  the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Company’s share/ADS of USD 24.11  equivalent to SEK 252.7  at the time of grant  based on a USD-SEK exchange rate of 10.4813  (ii) that the maximum number of RSUs encompassed by this resolution proposal are granted to participants  (iii) that all granted RSUs will vest and (iv) that holders of RSUs receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023. Social security costs  which are expected to arise primarily in connection with holders of RSUs receive a share  ADS or warrant of series LTI II 2023  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 70.1 million during the term of the program  based on inter alia the assumptions set out under items (i)–(iv) above as well as an average social security rate of 23 per cent and an annual increase in the market price of the Company’s share/ADS of 15 per cent during the vesting period. Other costs related to the LTI II 2023  including inter alia expenses related to fees to external advisors  external appraiser and administration of the incentive program  are estimated to amount to approximately SEK 1.5 million during the term of the program. Based on the assumptions set out above  the total costs of the LTI II 2023 are estimated to approximately SEK 293.9 million in total during the term of the program. These costs shall be seen in relation to the total employee benefits expenses of the Olink group  which during the financial year 2022 amounted to SEK 721 million. Motivation in respect of vesting and exercise conditions According to recommendations laid down by the Swedish Corporate Governance Board (Sw. Kollegiet för svensk bolagsstyrning)  the vesting period  or the period between the date of grant until the date when a warrant or stock option may be exercised  shall as a general rule not be shorter than three (3) years. As set out further above  stock options will vest and become exercisable in equal installments on 7 April for four years and RSUs will vest in equal installments on 7 April for four years and holders of RSUs will receive a share  ADS or warrant  provided that all applicable vesting conditions have then been fulfilled. The reason for applying such terms  which are not in line with the recommendations of the Swedish Corporate Governance Board as set out above  is that the Board of Directors of the Company deem such terms to be in line with market practice for stock option programs in most of the countries where the intended participants in the LTI II 2023 are operative. It is therefore  in the opinion of the Board of Directors of the Company  in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders to apply such terms in order to fulfil the objectives of the LTI II 2023. Dilution Upon exercise of all warrants of series II 2023 issued within the frame of LTI II 2023 for subscription of shares  up to 910 000 shares (with reservation for any re-calculation) may be issued  equivalent to a maximum dilution of approximately 0.73 per cent of the shares and votes of the Company. Upon full exercise of warrants of series II 2023 for subscription of shares  the Company’s share capital will increase with SEK 2 213 035.02. The dilution calculations have been based on the maximum number of shares and votes which may be issued upon exercise of the stock options and RSUs  divided by the total number of outstanding shares and votes in the Company as per 28 February 2023 after such issues. Preparation of the proposal The proposal to the incentive program LTI II 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and the Board of Directors together with external advisers. The Company’s board member and CEO Jon Heimer has not participated in the preparations of LTI II 2023. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights The reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights is to implement an incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and the group. Majority requirement A resolution to approve the present proposal is valid only where supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the shares voted for and of the shares represented at the general meeting. Authorization It is further proposed that the Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to undertake such minor adjustments in the decision that may be required for the registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB and that the Board of Directors shall have the right to undertake minor adjustments to the LTI II 2023 and the Plan due to applicable foreign rules and laws. Outstanding incentive programs The Company does have the following outstanding share-related incentive programs. LTI 2021. A general meeting held on 16 March 2021 approved the majority shareholders’ proposal regarding an incentive program for board members  members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group and resolution of issue of not more than 1 085 900 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  1 085 900 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 378 547 stock options and 333 601 RSUs have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options or RSUs will be offered out of LTI 2021. The exercise price was set to USD 25 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options and RSUs which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 624 484 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0 50 per cent. LTI I 2022. A general meeting held on 7 April 2022 approved the majority shareholders’ proposal regarding an incentive program for board members in the Company and resolved on an issue of not more than 70 000 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  65 625 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 65 625 stock options have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options will be offered out of LTI I 2022. The exercise price was set to USD 17.39 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 65 625 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0.05 per cent. LTI II 2022. A general meeting held on 7 April 2022 approved the board of directors’ proposal regarding an incentive program for the members of the group management  key employees  other employees and consultants in the Company and within the group and resolved on an issue of not more than 797 514 warrants and resolution of approving transfer of warrants. In total  797 514 warrants were subscribed by the Company and 41 448 stock options and 611 460 RSUs have been acquired by or granted to participants. No more stock options or RSUs will be offered out of LTI II 2022. The exercise price was set to USD 17.39 per share. Upon exercise of all stock options and RSUs which have been granted to participants and which have  as of the date of this resolution proposal  not yet been exercised  a maximum of 652 908 shares will be issued in the Company  equivalent to a dilution of approximately 0 52 per cent. 17. Resolution regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on a new issue The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  at one or several occasions and for the period up until the next Annual General Meeting  increase the Company’s share capital by issuing new shares. Such share issue resolution may be carried out with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights whereby payment can be made in cash and with or without provisions for contribution in kind  set-off or other conditions. The authorization may only be utilized to the extent that it corresponds to a dilution of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of shares based on the number of shares outstanding at the time of the general meeting’s resolution on the proposed authorization. The purpose of the authorization is to increase the financial flexibility of the Company and the general flexibility of the Board of Directors. Should the Board of Directors resolve on an issue with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the reason for this shall be to provide the Company with working capital and/or new owners of strategic importance to the Company and/or to procure capital to finance acquisitions of other companies or operations and/or to procure capital to finance the development of projects and/or to commercialize the Company’s products. Upon such deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the new issue shall be made at market terms and conditions. The Board of Directors  the CEO or the person that the Board appoints  shall have the right to make any adjustments in the decision required for registration. The resolution proposed by the Board of Directors in accordance with item 17 must be approved by shareholders representing not less than two thirds of the votes cast and shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. SHARES AND VOTES The Company has issued a total of 124 108 371 shares. The total number of votes is 124 108 371. This information relates to the situation at the time of issuing this notice. SHAREHOLDERS RIGHT TO REQUEST INFORMATION Pursuant to Chapter 7  section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen)  the Board of Directors and the CEO are under a duty to  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors deems that it can be made without material damage to the Company  provide information at the Annual General Meeting  regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the Company’s economic situation. The duty of disclosure also includes the Company’s relationship to other group companies  the consolidated accounts and such circumstances regarding subsidiaries which are set out in the preceding sentence. DOCUMENTATION Accounting documents  the auditor’s report  proposals from the Nomination Committee in accordance with item 2 and 11-14 and the majority shareholders’ and Board of Directors’ complete proposals in accordance with items 9b  15  16 and 17 on the agenda will be available at the Company no later than Monday 27 March 2023 and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. These documents will also be available on the Company’s website on the same date. The majority shareholders’ proposal  the Nomination Committee’s proposals and details of all proposed members of the Board of Directors will be available on the Company’s website from the date of issuances of this notice. Uppsala in March 2023 The Board of Directors Olink Holding AB (publ)Investor contactJan Medina  CFAVP Investor Relations & Capital MarketsMobile: +1 617 802 4157jan.medina@olink.com Media contactAndrea PranderCorporate Communications ManagerMobile: +46 768 775 275andrea.prander@olink.comAll news about OLINK HOLDING AB (PUBL) 03/15 Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ) GL 03/15 Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Olink Holding AB (publ) GL 03/06 NUS Medicine implements Olink technology to accelerate precision medicine through next-.. GL 03/06 NUS Medicine implements Olink technology to accelerate precision medicine through next-.. AQ 03/06 Yong Loo Lin School of Medicine  National University of Singapore Implements Olink Tech.. CI 02/28 Olink Holding  Regeneron Genetics Center to Generate Proteomic Data to Advance Precisio.. MT 02/28 Olink establishes agreement with Regeneron Genetics Center to scale their proteomics ef.. GL 02/28 Olink establishes agreement with Regeneron Genetics Center to scale their proteomics ef.. AQ 02/28 Olink Holding AB Establishes Agreement with Regeneron Genetics Center to Scale Their Pr.. CI 02/22 Goldman Sachs Adjusts Price Target on Olink Holding to $18 From $16  Maintains Neutral .. MT Analyst Recommendations on OLINK HOLDING AB (PUBL) 02/22 Goldman Sachs Adjusts Price Target on Olink Holding to $18 From $16  Maintains Neutral .. MT 01/05 Scotiabank Initiates Olink Holding AB at Sector Outperform With $27 Price Target MT 2022 Canaccord Genuity Initiates Olink With Buy Rating  Price Target is $28 MT,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Olink Holding AB', 'Notice', 'equivalent document verifying authority', 'multiple email addresses', 'Voting right registrations', 'Olink Holding AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'social security number', 'various decision points', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Data Protection Regulation', 'Uppsala Science Park', 'blank voting instructions', ""shareholders' voting rights"", 'Council Regulation', 'voting list', 'voting register', 'Personal data', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Salagatan 18B', 'share register', 'head office', 'attending counsel', 'European Parliament', 'privacy policy', 'other cases', 'legal entities', 'registration number', 'Such registration', 'Wednesday 5 April', 'telephone number', 'full information', 'registered persons', 'above address', 'Wednesday 15 March', 'Tuesday 11 April', 'original proxy', 'proxy forms', 'The Company', 'PROXY Shareholders', 'PARTICIPATION Shareholders', 'First name', '17 April', 'Notice', '04:06pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'publ', 'Monday', 'facilities', 'CET', 'proceedings', 'behalf', 'notification', 'shares', 'attendance', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'assistants', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'handling', 'integrity-policy', 'nominee', 'addition', 'procedures', 'time', 'advance', 'account', 'support', 'participants', 'invitation', 'OPPORTUNITY', 'power', 'attorney', 'Chairman', 'written', 'signed', 'dated', 'documents', 'certificate', 'copy', 'website', 'investors', 'possibility', '4:00', '3:30', '51']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20564,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-orexo-301773012.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Orexo,UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgat…,"UPPSALA  Sweden  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Orexo AB (publ)  reg. no. 556500-0600  registered office Uppsala  are summoned to the annual general meeting  to be held on Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 16.00 pm in Orexo's facilities at Rapsgatan 7E in Uppsala  Sweden.Participation  etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Thursday 6 April 2023  and notify Orexo of their intention to attend the meeting not later than on Wednesday 12 April 2023 by post to Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to [email protected]The notification shall set forth the name  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held  telephone number (daytime) and  where applicable  number of assistants (not more than two) that the shareholder intends to bring to the meeting. Shareholders to be represented by proxy should submit a power of attorney (original document) and a certificate of registration or equivalent together with the notification of attendance. A proxy form is available at www.orexo.com.Shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or a securities institution must temporarily re-register their shares in their own names to be entitled to participate in the meeting. Such registration  which may be temporary  must be duly effected in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 12 April 2023  and the shareholders must therefore advise their nominees well in advance of this date.When this notice to attend the annual general meeting is issued  the total number of shares in the company is 34 710 639 with 34 710 639 votes. In total the company holds 343 023 own shares. The number of own shares is based on the company's holding as per the close of 14th of March 2023  the last trading day prior to the announcement of the notice.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Approval of the agenda.5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Speech by the chief executive officer.8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the consolidated financial statements.9. Presentation of the work performed by the board of directors and its committees.10. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet.11. Resolution regarding allocation of the company's result pursuant to the adopted balance sheet.12. Resolution regarding discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer.13. Determination of the number of board members and auditors.14. Determination of fees for the board members and the auditor.15. Election of board members  chairman of the board and auditor.16. Presentation of the remuneration report for approval.17. Resolution regarding nomination committee.18. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares.19. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares.20. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2023.21. Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2023.22. Closing of the meeting.Proposals regarding chairman of the meeting  the board of directors and auditors (items 2  13  14 and 15)The nomination committee of Orexo  which consists of James Noble (chairman of the board)  Christian Salling (Novo Holdings A/S and chairman of the nomination committee)  Claus Berner Møller (Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension) and Patrik Walldov (Anders Walldov  incl. indirect holding via Brohuvudet AB)  proposes:that Rikard Lindahl   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)   member of the Swedish Bar Association  from Advokatfirman Vinge  is elected chairman of the meeting (item 2)  that the board of directors shall consist of eight board members with no deputy members (item 13) that the number of auditors shall be one with no deputy auditors (item 13) that the fees to the board of directors shall amount to SEK 3 550 000 to be allocated as follows: SEK 900 000 to the chairman and SEK 300 000 to each of the other board members  and in total SEK 400 000 to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives SEK 200 000 and SEK 200 000 are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total SEK 150 000 to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14) to be allocated as follows: to the chairman and to each of the other board members  and in total to be allocated to the members of the audit committee so that the chairman of the committee receives and are allocated in equal parts between the other members of the committee  and in total to be allocated to the members of the remuneration committee in equal parts between the members of the committee  and that fees to the auditor shall be paid against approved accounts (item 14)  that the independent board members James Noble   Staffan Lindstrand   Fred Wilkinson   Mary Pat Christie   Charlotte Hansson   Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of SEK 1 050 000   subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: SEK 450 000 to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and SEK 100 000 to each of Staffan Lindstrand   Fred Wilkinson   Mary Pat Christie   Charlotte Hansson   Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach ofhis/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). James Noble has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14)           and Michael J Matly shall receive an additional fee of   subject to (i) the board member's acquisition of shares in Orexo for the entire part (after taxes) of such additional board fee as soon as possible following the annual general meeting's resolution and the pay-out of the additional board fee  and (ii) the board member's commitment not to sell the shares during the board member's entire tenure on the Orexo board. The additional board fee is to be allocated as follows: to the chairman  corresponding to 50 percent of the ordinary board fee to the chairman  and to each of         and Michael J Matly  corresponding to 33 percent of the ordinary board fee to such board members. In the event that the board member  before the succeeding annual general meeting  is dismissed due to breach ofhis/her obligations as a board member or leaves the board at his/her own request  the board member must repay the entire additional board fee (after taxes). has not participated in the nomination committee's handling of the proposal insofar as it concerns himself (item 14)  that the board members James Noble   Staffan Lindstrand   Henrik Kjær Hansen  Fred Wilkinson   Mary Pat Christie   Charlotte Hansson   Christine Rankin and Michael J Matly are re-elected  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15)     Henrik Kjær Hansen        and Michael J Matly are re-elected  all for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting (item 15)  that James Noble is re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  andis re-elected as chairman of the board (item 15)  and that Ernst & Young Aktiebolag is re-elected as auditor for the period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. The proposal is in accordance with the recommendation by the audit committee (item 15).Allocation of the company's result (item 11)The board of directors proposes that there shall be no dividend for 2022 and that the results of the company shall be carried forward.Resolution regarding nomination committee (item 17)The nomination committee proposes that the meeting resolves that the company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative of each of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  together with the chairman of the board. If any of the three largest shareholders declines to appoint a member to the nomination committee  additional shareholders are  by order of size  to be offered appointment until three members are appointed. The names of the members of the nomination committee and the names of the shareholders they represent shall be made public not later than six months before the annual general meeting and be based on shareholding statistics provided by Euroclear Sweden AB per the last banking day in August 2023. Unless the members of the nomination committee agree otherwise  the member representing the largest shareholder  based on the number of votes held  shall be appointed chairman of the nomination committee. If a shareholder representative no longer represents the owner or leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder shall be entitled to appoint a new member of the nomination committee. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the nomination committee has the right to remove such member and appoint a new member of the nomination committee. In the event a shareholder that has appointed a member is no longer one of the three largest shareholders  based on the number of votes held  the appointed member shall resign and be replaced by a new member in accordance with the above procedure. Unless special circumstances apply  no changes should be made in the composition of the nomination committee as a result of minor changes in voting rights or changes in voting rights which occur later than two months before the annual general meeting. Changes in the composition of the nomination committee shall be made public as soon as possible.The nomination committee shall prepare and submit proposals to the general meeting on chairman of the meeting  board members  chairman of the board  board fees to each of the board members and the chairman as well as remuneration for committee work  if any  fees to the company's auditor  and  when applicable  proposal regarding election of new auditor. Further  the nomination committee shall prepare and propose principles for the composition of the nomination committee to the annual general meeting 2024. The nomination committee shall be entitled to charge the company with costs for consultants and other expenses necessary for the nomination committee to carry out its duties.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares (item 18)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to issue new shares on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. However  such issue of shares must never result in the company's issued share capital or the number of shares in the company at any time  being increased by more than a total of 20 per cent. The purpose of the authorization is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or to enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to resolve to repurchase and transfer own shares (item 19)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve to repurchase  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  as many own shares as may be purchased without the company's holding at any time exceeding 10 per cent of the total number of shares in the company. The shares shall be purchased on Nasdaq Stockholm and only at a price per share within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price.The board of directors also proposes that the annual general meeting authorizes the board of directors to resolve  on one or several occasions until the next annual general meeting  to transfer (sell) own shares. Transfers may be carried out on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the price range applicable  i.e. the range between the highest purchase price and the lowest selling price. Transfers may also be made in other ways  with or without preferential rights for the shareholders  against cash payment or against payment through set-off or in kind  or otherwise on special conditions. Upon such transfers  the price shall be established so that it is not below market terms. However  a discount to the stock market price may apply  in line with market practice. Transfers of own shares may be made of up to such number of shares as is held by the company at the time of the board of director's resolution regarding the transfer.The purpose of the authorization to repurchase own shares is to promote efficient capital usage in the company  to provide flexibility as regards the company's possibilities to distribute capital to its shareholders and for use in the context of the company's incentive plans. The purpose of the authorization to transfer own shares is to enable the board to make corporate acquisitions  product acquisitions or enter into collaboration agreements  or to raise working capital or broaden the shareholder base or for use in the context of the company's incentive plans.The board of director's statement in accordance with chapter 19 section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is made available together with the proposal.The CEO shall be authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP 2023 (item 20)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for not more than 130 selected employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP 2023"").LTIP 2023 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP 2023  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 2 076 770 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 623 031 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 1 453 739 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP 2023 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP 2022). LTIP 2023 is intended for certain senior executives and employees within the Orexo group. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP 2022). LTIP 2023 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP 2023 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of the senior executives and employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP 2023 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible following the annual general meeting 2023 and no later than on 30 June 2023 . Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options.. Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 70 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2023.A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP 2023 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP 2023. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2023 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  approximately 33 percent (one third) will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to approximately 67 percent (two thirds) will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP 2023  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2023 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the annual report for 2023.AllocationThe participants are divided into two allocation categories: (i) CEO and other members of group management; (ii) other personnel. The maximum number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options that a participant may be granted in LTIP 2023 depends on the category to which the participant belongs.To ensure that the value of the share-based remuneration does not reach an unintended level in relation to other remuneration  the value of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted to the CEO and group management must not  at the time of the grant  exceed a value equal to the person's current annual base salary. For other personnel the value must not exceed 33 percent of the annual base salary.The board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after the annual general meeting. Several factors will be considered in order to secure recruitment  retention and motivation when deciding upon individual allocations including position within Orexo  individual performance and total value of current remuneration package. Individual allocation cannot exceed the above-mentioned limit for the category that the individual belongs to. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  30 percent will constitute Share Awards and 70 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.The share price that is to form the basis for calculating the number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options is to correspond to the average last price paid during a given period of trading. This period comprises the first ten days of trading immediately following the date of the 2023 annual general meeting. The share price is then divided by the individual granting value in order to arrive at the total number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options granted per participant.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP 2023 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP 2023 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP 2023 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP 2023 has been prepared by the remuneration committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 17  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP 2023 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 24.7 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 38.7 million before tax.LTIP 2023 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP 2023"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP 2023 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2022 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP 2023The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.Resolution regarding adoption of new performance-based long-term incentive program LTIP Stay-on 2023 (item 21)The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to implement a new performance-based long-term incentive program for certain Global Management Team (""GMT"") employees and US Leadership Team (""USLT"") employees within the Orexo group (""LTIP Stay-on 2023""). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is proposed to include up to approximately 13 GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group.LTIP Stay-on 2023 is a three-year performance-based program. Under LTIP Stay-on 2023  the participants will be granted  free of charge  (i) performance-based share awards (""Share Awards"")  and (ii) performance-based employee stock options (""Employee Stock Options"")  entitling to a maximum of 60 000 shares in Orexo  in accordance with the terms stipulated below. The Share Awards entitle to a maximum of 30 000 shares in Orexo and the Employee Stock Options entitle to a maximum of 30 000 shares in Orexo.The rationale for the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2023 substantially corresponds with the performance based long-term incentive program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP Stay-on 2022). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is intended for certain GMT and USLT employees within the Orexo group and qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2023 is conditional upon the participant either keeping shares from allocations in Orexo's other on-going long-term incentive programs (the ""implemented LTIPs"") or investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant. The board of directors of Orexo believes that an equity incentive program is an important part of a competitive remuneration package to be able to attract  retain and motivate qualified employees to the Orexo group. The board of directors further believes that LTIP Stay- on 2023 constitutes an important incentive for GMT and USLT employees to keep shares in the company. With reference thereto  the board of directors has decided to propose the adoption of a program corresponding to the program adopted at the annual general meeting 2022 (LTIP Stay-on 2022). LTIP Stay-on 2023 is based on performance-based Share Awards and Employee Stock Options and adapted to the current needs of the Orexo group.The purpose of LTIP Stay-on 2023 is to attract  retain and motivate employees of the Orexo group  provide a competitive remuneration package and to align the interests of GMT and USLT employees with the interests of the shareholders. The board of directors is of the opinion that this strengthens the interest for Orexo's business and also stimulates company loyalty in the future. In light of the above  the board of directors believes that the implementation of LTIP Stay-on 2023 will have a positive effect on the development of the Orexo group and consequently that LTIP Stay-on 2023 is beneficial to both the shareholders and the company.Conditions for Share Awards and Employee Stock OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options.- Qualification for participation in LTIP Stay-on 2023 is conditional upon the participant(i) keeping shares from allocations in any of Orexo's implemented LTIPs between 1 May 2023 and 31 July 2023 (""Opt-in 1"")  or (ii) investing in new Orexo shares with part of or the entire annual cash bonus of the participant between 1 February 2024 and 30 April 2024 (""Opt-in 2""). Under Opt-in 1  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 31 July 2023 and no later than on 31 August 2023.- Under Opt-in 2  the Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants as soon as possible after 30 April 2024 and no later than on 31 May 2024.- Out of the granted Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent shall constitute Share Awards and 50 percent shall constitute Employee Stock Options. Every five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participant to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option.- Each Share Award entitles the holder to receive one share in the company  free of charge  except for the appropriate taxes  three years after the granting of the Share Award (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group.- Each Employee Stock Option entitles the holder to receive one share in the company upon payment of the strike price  three years after the granting of the Employee Stock Option (the vesting period)  provided that the holder  with some exceptions  still is employed by the Orexo group. The strike price shall be fixed to 100 percent of the volume-weighted average price for the Orexo share during the ten trading days preceding the date of the annual general meeting 2023.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Share Awards is that Performance Targets 1 and/or 2 have been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- A prerequisite for entitlement to receive shares on the basis of Employee Stock Options is that Performance Target 1 has been satisfied pursuant to the terms and conditions specified below.- The number of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options encompassed by LTIP Stay- on 2023 is to be re-calculated in the event that changes occur in Orexo's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger or consolidation of shares  new issue  reduction of the share capital or similar measures.- To make the participants' interest equal with the shareholders'  Orexo will compensate the participants for distributed dividends  if any  during the vesting period by increasing the number of shares that each Share Award and each Employee Stock Option  respectively  entitles to after the vesting period.- The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.The Share Awards and the Employee Stock Options can be granted by the parent company and any other company within the Orexo group.Performance ConditionsThe Share Awards are to be divided according to two different performance conditions encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2023. The performance conditions focus on the holder still being employed by the Orexo group (""Performance Target 1"") and Orexo's financial and operational targets for 2023 (""Performance Target 2""). Of each participant's granted Share Awards  50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1 and up to 50 percent will pertain to Performance Target 2.The Employee Stock Options are to be divided according to one performance condition encompassed by LTIP Stay-on 2023  which is Performance Target 1. Of each participant's granted Employee Stock Options  100 percent will pertain to Performance Target 1  meaning that no Employee Stock Options will vest unless the performance target is met.The allotment of shares that each participant later may receive depends on achievement of the established performance targets as described below.Performance Target 1 (for Share Awards and Employee Stock Options) : This target pertains to the holder still being employed by the Orexo group upon vesting.Performance Target 2 (for Share Awards) : This target pertains to the fulfilment of the financial and operational targets for the financial year 2023 as established by the board of directors and relates to Orexo's key KPIs as for example revenue  profitability and achieved milestones  etc. Performance achievement of individual targets is weighted into an overall average performance achievement. The outcome will be measured lineally; meaning that from zero to 100 percent of the Share Awards will vest depending on the overall average rate of performance of the financial and operational targets. All Share Awards will vest and entitle to one share each if 100 percent of the overall average performance is achieved. When calculating the overall performance achievement  individual targets may account for a maximum of 120 percent achievement  but the overall average performance is capped at 100 percent. If performance achievement falls below 80 percent for an individual target  this individual target accounts for zero in the calculation of the overall average achieved.The board of directors will present the rate of achievement of Performance Target 2 in the Annual Report for 2023.AllocationEvery five (5) shares kept in accordance with Opt-in 1 and every five (5) shares acquired in accordance with Opt-in 2  respectively  entitle the participants of LTIP Stay-on 2023 to one (1) Share Award and one (1) Employee Stock Option. Out of the allocated Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  50 percent will constitute Share Awards and 50 percent will constitute Employee Stock Options.In relation to allocation under Opt-in 1  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 31 July 2023. In relation to allocation under Opt-in 2  the board of directors shall resolve upon the final allocation of the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options as soon as possible after 30 April 2024.Preparation and administrationThe board of directors shall be responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of LTIP Stay-on 2023  in accordance with the mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the board of directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions. The board of directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in the Orexo group  or its operating environment  would result in a situation where the decided terms and conditions for LTIP Stay-on 2023 no longer are appropriate. Prior to finally determining allotment of shares on the basis of Share Awards and Employee Stock Options  the board of directors will assess whether the outcome of LTIP Stay-on 2023 is reasonable. This assessment will be conducted in relation to the company's financial earnings and position  conditions in the stock market and other circumstances. Should the board of directors not consider the outcome to be reasonable  the number of shares to be allotted will be reduced.Preparation of the proposalLTIP Stay-on 2023 has been initiated by the board of directors of Orexo and has been structured in consultation with external advisers based on an evaluation of prior incentive programs and best market practices. LTIP Stay-on 2023 has been prepared by the Remuneration Committee and reviewed at meetings of the board of directors.Scope and costs of the programLTIP Stay-on 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 – Share-based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Share Awards and Employee Stock Options should be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period and will be accounted for directly against equity. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs will be expensed in the income statement during the vesting period.Assuming a share price at the time of implementation of SEK 17  that Performance Target 1 is achieved and that Performance Target 2 is achieved at 50 percent  including a share price increase of 30 percent during the vesting period  the annual cost for LTIP Stay-on 2023 including social security costs is estimated to approximately SEK 0.8 million before tax. The corresponding annual cost with full achievement of Performance Target 1 and Performance Target 2  including a share price increase of 60 percent during the vesting period  is estimated to approximately SEK 1.3 million before tax.LTIP Stay-on 2023 will have marginal effects on Orexo's key ratios since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares as is described under section ""Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2023"" below.Since delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares  LTIP Stay-on 2023 entails no dilution of the shareholding of the company. The maximum level of dilution for all other outstanding long-term incentive programs in the company amounts to 0 percent  since delivery of shares shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares.Information on Orexo's existing incentive programs can be found in the 2022 annual report  note 10 and 24  as well as on the company's website www.orexo.com.Delivery under LTIP Stay-on 2023The board of directors proposes that delivery of shares under LTIP Stay-on 2023 shall be made by way of transfer of Orexo's repurchased shares. In addition  the board of directors proposes that delivery may also be satisfied through payment of a cash amount that is equal to the value of the Orexo share on the date of vesting less the applicable strike price for any Employee Stock Options.A resolution in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in item 18 shall only be valid where supported by not less than two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting and resolutions in accordance with the board of directors' proposal in items 19  20 and 21 shall only be valid where supported by not less than nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.The shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. The annual report and all other documents  including the nomination committees' motivated statement and the auditor's report pursuant to Chapter 8 Section 54 of the Companies Act  are available at the company's office at Rapsgatan 7E  in Uppsala and at www.orexo.se no later than three weeks before the meeting and will be sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the company of their postal address. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Uppsala  March 2023Orexo AB (publ)Contacts:Orexo AB  P.O. Box 303  SE-751 05 Uppsala  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0) 18 780 88 00  by telefax +46 (0) 18 780 88 88  or by e-mail to [email protected].The board of directorsThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Public/694/3734514/b9c8b14ed881d2ad.pdf Orexo - AGM 2023 - Notice engSOURCE Orexo",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Orexo', 'new performance-based long-term incentive program', 'Claus Berner Møller', 'P.O. Box', 'chief executive officer', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Novo Holdings A/S', 'Swedish Bar Association', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'annual general meeting', 'eight board members', 'other board members', 'new shares', 'other members', 'Brohuvudet AB', 'annual report', 'Tuesday 18 April', 'share register', 'Thursday 6 April', 'Wednesday 12 April', 'original document', 'securities institution', 'last trading', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'James Noble', 'Christian Salling', 'Arbejdsmarkedets Tillaegspension', 'Patrik Walldov', 'Anders Walldov', 'Rikard Lindahl', 'Advokatfirman Vinge', 'deputy members', 'equal parts', 'Orexo AB', 'nomination committee', 'audit committee', 'remuneration committee', 'proxy form', 'Such registration', 'total number', 'remuneration report', 'indirect holding', 'total SEK', 'deputy auditors', 'telephone number', 'UPPSALA', 'shareholders', 'reg.', 'facilities', 'Rapsgatan', 'Participation', 'intention', 'post', 'telefax', 'mail', 'notification', 'name', 'daytime', 'assistants', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'attendance', 'nominee', 'bank', 'advance', 'notice', 'company', '34,710,639 votes', 'close', '14th', 'March', 'announcement', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Speech', 'Presentation', 'work', 'directors', 'committees', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'fees', 'authorization', 'LTIP', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'items', '16.00', '343', '023', '14.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20565,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/nordnet-gives-notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-and-announces-changes-in-the-remuneration-committee-1678953600,Nordnet gives notice to the Annual General Meeting and announces changes in the Remuneration Committee,shall be entered as shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on 6 April 2023  shall give notice of their attendance at the Annual General Meeting no later than 12 April 2023. Notice of attendance may be given in writing to the Company ...,"Shareholders of Nordnet AB (publ)  reg. no. 559073-6681  (the ""Company"" or ""Nordnet"") are hereby invited to attend the Annual General Meeting on Tuesday 18 April 2023  at 5.00 p.m. CEST at Blique by Nobis  Gävlegatan 18  SE-113 30 Stockholm  Sweden. Registration begins at 4.15 p.m. CEST.The Board has resolved that shareholders may also exercise their voting right at the Annual General Meeting by postal voting pursuant to the provisions of Nordnet's Articles of Association.Right to attend and noticeShareholders wishing to attend the Annual General Meetingshall be entered as shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on 6 April 2023 shall give notice of their attendance at the Annual General Meeting no later than 12 April 2023. Notice of attendance may be given in writing to the Company at the address Nordnet AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  by telephone +46 (0)8-402 58 76 on weekdays between 10.00 a.m. and 4.00 p.m. or at the Company's website  www.nordnetab.com. When giving notice of attendance  please state your name or company name  personal identification number or company registration number  address and daytime telephone number. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any assistants.Shareholders who wish to use the possibility of postal voting shall do that in accordance with the instructions under the heading Postal voting below. Such postal voting does not require any further notice of attendance.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must  in addition to giving notice of attendance to the company  register such shares in their own names so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of 6 April 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so called voting right registration). A request for such registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines in such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations effected by the nominee no later than on 12 April 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.Proxy etc.Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or through a proxy representative are entitled to bring one or two assistants. Shareholders who wish to bring assistants shall state this in connection with the notice of attendance. Shareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a written and dated power of attorney for the proxy. If the power of attorney is issued by a legal entity  a copy of a certificate of incorporation  or if such document does not exist  a corresponding document shall be enclosed. In order to facilitate the registration at the meeting  the power of attorney and certificate of incorporation and other documents of authority should be provided to the Company at the address stated above no later than 12 April 2023. A proxy form is available on the Company's website  www.nordnetab.com.Postal votingPostal votes are cast on a designated form. The form is available on Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy  and at the Company's website  www.nordnetab.com. The postal voting form is also valid as notification to attend the Annual General Meeting.The completed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Wednesday 12 April 2023. The form may be submitted electronically or by post. The form may be submitted electronically either through BankID signing as per instructions on Euroclear Sweden AB's website as referred to above  or through sending the form by e-mail to GeneralMeetingServices@euroclear.com. The form can be submitted by post by sending the form to Nordnet AB (publ)  ""Annual General Meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  P.O. Box 191  SE-101 23  Stockholm  Sweden.If a shareholder postal votes by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. The proxy form is available at the Company's website www.nordnetab.com. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed with the form.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.Items and proposed agenda1. Opening of the meeting2. Election of chairman of the meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes of the meeting5. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened6. Approval of the agenda7. Chairman of the Board's statement regarding the Board's work8. Presentation by the CEO9. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the audit report on the consolidated financial statements10. Resolution on adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet  and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet11. Resolution on allocation of the Company's profits in accordance with the adopted balance sheet and  in case of dividend  determination of record date12. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the Board and the CEO13. Determination of the number of members of the Board and auditors14. Determination of remuneration for members of the Board and auditor15. Election of members of the Board  Chairman of the Board and auditor16. Resolution on approval of the Board's remuneration report17. Resolution on authorisation for the Board to resolve upon acquisition of own shares18. Resolution on repurchase and set-off offer regarding warrants  including (A) approval of conditional offer to repurchase warrants and (B) approval of the Board's resolution regarding directed share issue  subject to approval by the general meeting19. Resolution on a warrant plan including issue and transfer of warrants20. Closing of the meetingThe notice to the Annual General Meeting in its full length is attached to this press release.Changes in the Remuneration CommitteeThe Board of Nordnet has resolved to change the composition of the Board's Remuneration Committee. Following these changes  the following board members are also members of the Remuneration Committee: Anna Bäck (chairman)  Tom Dinkelspiel and Fredrik Bergström.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.02,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Nordnet', 'notice', 'changes', 'P.O. Box', 'personal identification number', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'consolidated income statement', 'Such postal voting', 'postal voting form', 'company registration number', 'annual report', 'voting list', 'Nordnet AB', 'meeting venue', 'Such registration', 'Gävlegatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'other documents', 'two persons', 'Postal votes', 'corresponding document', 'audit report', 'registration procedure', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'proxy representative', 'completed form', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'two assistants', 'Tuesday 18 April', 'Wednesday 12 April', 'dated power', 'proxy form', 'company name', '6 April', 'Shareholders', 'publ', 'CEST', 'Blique', 'Nobis', 'SE-1', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'provisions', 'Articles', 'Association', 'notice', 'attendance', 'writing', 'address', 'weekdays', '10.00 a', 'website', 'possibility', 'accordance', 'heading', 'addition', 'names', 'request', 'routines', 'advance', 'preparation', 'connection', 'written', 'attorney', 'copy', 'certificate', 'order', 'authority', 'designated', 'vpc', 'notification', 'BankID', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingServices', 'conditions', 'Items', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'work', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'auditor', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', '5.00', '4.15', '4.00', '9.']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,privataaffarer.se
20566,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.europapress.es/comunicados/internacional-00907/noticia-comunicado-stora-ensos-annual-general-meeting-and-decisions-by-the-board-of-directors-20230316175724.html,Stora Enso's Annual General Meeting and decisions by the Board of Directors,The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment  Monday 20 March 2023  are recorded in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy or in the separate register of shareholders maintained by ...,(Información remitida por la empresa firmante)STORA ENSO OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 16 March 2023 at 18:30 EETHELSINKI  March 16  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Stora Enso Oyj's Annual General Meeting was held on 16 March 2023 at Marina Congress Center in Helsinki  Finland. The AGM adopted the accounts for 2022  reviewed the Remuneration Report 2022 and granted the Company's Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer discharge from liability for the period.Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe AGM approved the proposal by the Board of Directors that the Company shall distribute a dividend of EUR 0.60 per share for the year 2022.The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the dividend payment  Monday 20 March 2023  are recorded in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy or in the separate register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB for Euroclear Sweden registered shares. Dividends payable for Euroclear Sweden registered shares will be forwarded by Euroclear Sweden AB and paid in Swedish crown. Dividends payable to ADR holders will be forwarded by Citibank N.A. and paid in US dollars.The dividend shall be paid on or about Monday 27 March 2023.Members of the Board of DirectorsThe AGM approved the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  in accordance with which the current members of the Board of Directors – Håkan Buskhe  Elisabeth Fleuriot  Helena Hedblom  Kari Jordan  Christiane Kuehne  Antti Mäkinen  Richard Nilsson and Hans Sohlström – were re-elected members of the Board of Directors until the end of the following AGM and that Astrid Hermann was elected new member of the Board of Directors for the same term of office.In accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board  the AGM elected Kari Jordan as Chair of the Board of Directors and Håkan Buskhe as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.RemunerationThe AGM approved the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board on the annual remuneration for the Board of Directors as follows:Chair EUR 209  16 Mar. (2022: 203 000) - Vice Chair EUR 118 000 (2022: 115 000) Members EUR 81 000 (2022: 79 000)The AGM also approved the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board that the annual remuneration for the members of the Board of Directors  be paid in Company shares and cash so that 40% will be paid in Stora Enso R shares to be purchased on the Board members' behalf from the market at a price determined in public trading  and the rest in cash. The shares will be purchased within two weeks of the publication of the interim report for the period 1 January 2023–31 March 2023 or as soon as possible in accordance with applicable legislation. The Company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of Company shares.The AGM approved the annual remuneration for the Board committees in accordance with the proposal by the Shareholders' Nomination Board as follows:Financial and Audit CommitteeChair EUR 22 600 (2022: 22 000)Members EUR 15 900 (2022: 15 400)People and Culture Committee Chair EUR 11 300 (2022: 11 000)Members EUR 6 800 (2022: 6 600)Sustainability and Ethics CommitteeChair EUR 11 300 (2022: 11 000)Members EUR 6 800 (2022: 6 600)AuditorThe AGM resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  to elect PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy as auditor until the end of the following AGM. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the company that Samuli Perälä  APA  will act as the responsible auditor. The AGM also resolved  in accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  that the remuneration for the auditor shall be paid according to invoice approved by the Financial and Audit Committee.Board authorisation to decide on repurchase and issuance of sharesIn accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  the AGM resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of Stora Enso R shares as follows:The amount of R shares to be repurchased shall not exceed 2 000 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.25% of all shares and 0.33% of all R shares in the Company. Own R shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). Own R shares can be repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price determined by the markets.Own R shares may be repurchased primarily in order to use the shares as part of the Company's incentive and remuneration scheme. The repurchased shares may be held for reissue  cancelled or transferred further.In accordance with the proposal by the Board of Directors  the AGM also resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of Stora Enso R shares as follows:The amount of R shares to be issued based on this authorisation shall not exceed a total of 2 000 000 R shares  corresponding to approximately 0.25% of all shares and 0.33% of all R shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new R shares as well as the transfer of own shares held by the Company.The issuance of shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights for the purpose of using the shares as part of the Company's incentive and remuneration scheme.The authorisations are effective until the beginning of the next AGM  however  no longer than until 31 July 2024 and they revoke the authorisations given by the AGM on 15 March 2022.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe AGM approved the proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the Company's Articles of Association to enable arranging a General Meeting of Shareholders as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative for a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting. The amendment facilitates the holding of General Meetings of Shareholders virtually among others in situations like pandemics or other unforeseen or exceptional circumstances  however not limited to these situations. The amendments do not preclude arranging General Meetings of Shareholders as in-person or hybrid meetings.Decisions by the Board of DirectorsRichard Nilsson (Chair)  Elisabeth Fleuriot and Astrid Hermann were elected members of the Financial and Audit Committee.Kari Jordan (Chair)  Håkan Buskhe and Antti Mäkinen were elected members of the People and Culture Committee.Christiane Kuehne (Chair)  Helena Hedblom and Hans Sohlström were elected members of the Sustainability and Ethics Committee.For further information  please contact:Anna-Lena ÅströmSVP Investor Relationstel. +46 70 210 7691Part of the global bioeconomy  Stora Enso is a leading provider of renewable products in packaging  biomaterials  and wooden construction  and one of the largest private forest owners in the world. We believe that everything that is made from fossil-based materials today can be made from a tree tomorrow. Stora Enso has approximately 21 000 employees and our sales in 2022 were EUR 11.7 billion. Stora Enso shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy (STEAV  STERV) and Nasdaq Stockholm AB (STE A  STE R). In addition  the shares are traded in the USA as ADRs (SEOAY). storaenso.com/investorsView original content: https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/stora-ensos-annual-general-meeting-and-decisions-by-the-board-of-directors-301774395.html,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Stora Enso', 'decisions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Chief Executive Officer discharge', 'OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Euroclear Sweden registered shares', 'Stora Enso R shares', 'Stora Enso Oyj', 'Marina Congress Center', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Håkan Buskhe', 'Antti Mäkinen', 'Hans Sohlström', 'Samuli Perälä', 'Citibank N.A.', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Own R shares', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Culture Committee Chair', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", ""Board members' behalf"", '2,000,000 R shares', 'Información', 'Audit Committee', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', ""shareholders' register"", 'annual remuneration', 'balance sheet', 'separate register', 'Swedish crown', 'ADR holders', 'US dollars', 'Elisabeth Fleuriot', 'Helena Hedblom', 'Kari Jordan', 'Christiane Kuehne', 'Richard Nilsson', 'Astrid Hermann', 'same term', 'public trading', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'applicable legislation', 'Ethics CommitteeChair', 'unrestricted equity', 'Remuneration Report', 'remuneration scheme', 'Vice Chair', 'Board committees', 'DirectorsThe AGM', 'following AGM', 'RemunerationThe AGM', 'Company shares', 'record date', 'current members', 'responsible auditor', 'Monday 27 March', 'The Company', 'Board authorisation', '2,000,000 shares', '16 March', 'empresa', 'firmante', '18:30 EET', 'HELSINKI', 'PRNewswire', 'accounts', 'liability', 'period', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'payment', 'proposal', 'year', 'Dividends', 'accordance', '16 Mar.', 'cash', 'market', 'publication', '1 January', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'Financial', 'People', 'Sustainability', 'AuditorThe', 'APA', 'invoice', 'issuance', 'sharesIn', 'amount', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', 'order', 'part', 'incentive', 'reissue', 'total']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,europapress.es
20567,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,We are urgently looking for the providers for the Seasoned  Slightly Seasoned MTN on Euroclear. We are looking for… https://t.co/t5aCXXznhN,nan,We are urgently looking for the providers for the Seasoned  Slightly Seasoned MTN on Euroclear. We are looking for… https://t.co/t5aCXXznhN,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['providers', 'Seasoned', 'MTN', 'Euroclear', 'providers', 'Seasoned', 'MTN', 'Euroclear']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20568,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,A day at the circus #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/F7Xeuoa97U #regtech,nan,A day at the circus #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/F7Xeuoa97U #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['day', 'circus', 'Fintech', 'day', 'circus', 'Fintech']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20569,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse https://t.co/w2RNbcvVI4 See the rest of the st… https://t.co/LJsmFPUaIH,nan,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse https://t.co/w2RNbcvVI4 See the rest of the st… https://t.co/LJsmFPUaIH,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral', 'rest', 'LJsmFPUaIH', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral', 'rest', 'LJsmFPUaIH']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20570,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse$DBOEY,nan,Deutsche Boerse upgraded to Outperform from Neutral at Credit Suisse$DBOEY,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Credit Suisse', 'Neutral']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20571,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-accelerates-growth-cloud-based-070000441.html,Quadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022,Quadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022 Paris  March 15  2023 Quadient (...,"QUADIENTQuadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022Paris  March 15  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces growth momentum for its Intelligent Communication Automation solutions among public sector organizations across major geographies. In the 2022 fiscal year that closed January 31  2023  more than 20 new public sector organizations selected Quadient's cloud-based solutions to manage critical multichannel communications  accounting for nearly 10% of new contracts’ value and almost a tenfold increase over 2021.Quadient is a trusted long-time provider to numerous government and public sector organizations. In 2022  the company’s cloud-based solutions were awarded places on multiple framework agreements. Quadient was recently named an approved cloud software supplier in the UK government’s new G Cloud 13 digital marketplace and Quadient Impress was approved in the majority of U.S. states as a solution for public agencies to manage their digital and physical communications with their constituents.Notably  collaboration with best-in-class delivery  business and technology partners  such as Daylight  Nagarro and Coexya  significantly contributed to deployments with U.S. and European administrations  shaping and delivering innovative user experience solutions for employees  customers and citizens.""We are delighted that multiple public sector organizations continue to select and rely on our Intelligent Communication Automation solutions "" said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. ""Our commitment to providing a secure  compliant  reliable  scalable and comprehensive cloud-based platform that can integrate with existing systems has been instrumental in these successes. We are proud to support public sector organizations in their digital transformation journeys  helping them to lower costs  comply with regulations  better engage with constituents and deliver better outcomes  relying on our global talented partner ecosystem.""Story continuesFor many years  public organizations have relied on Quadient’s capacity to deliver on several critical aspects  including:Data security : thanks to strong measures  such as data encryption  access controls and regular security audits;Compliance : built-in compliance and security certifications  such as HITRUST v9.1  SOC2 Type 11  HIPAA  GDPR and ISO and GRI international standards  combined with high scores received from trusted ESG rating agencies and listing among the Global 100 most sustainable companies;Reliability and scalability : with Quadient cloud solutions  data is safely stored and software upgrades are no longer needed  releasing key IT resources to support wider transformation programs;Support : Quadient offers custom-tailored support  training and resources to assist customers in their onboarding phase and whenever they need assistance;Ease of use : non-technical business users can easily design  personalize and deliver secure and multichannel one-to-one communications;Integration: seamless integration with existing legacy systems and processes with the same cloud platform  pulling data from any source and handling scalability and security needs;Cost: flexible and scalable subscription-based offerings that match the requirements of public sector organizations  ensuring a cost-effective and reasonable return on investment.Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation solutions empower public sector organizations and companies to respond to market  regulatory and customer experience changes  transforming their communication flows to offer elevated experiences through multiple channels.To learn more about how Quadient supports public sector and government organizations  visit https://www.quadient.com/en/enterprise-industries/public-sector-government.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['Twenty New Contracts', 'Cloud-based Solutions', 'Public Sector', 'Quadient', 'Growth', 'More', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'new G Cloud 13 digital marketplace', 'global talented partner ecosystem', 'Global 100 most sustainable companies', 'innovative user experience solutions', 'three key solution areas', 'secure, compliant, reliable, scalable', 'Intelligent Communication Automation solutions', 'trusted ESG rating agencies', '20 new public sector organizations', 'multiple public sector organizations', 'Twenty New Contracts', 'new contracts’ value', 'same cloud platform', 'scalable subscription-based offerings', 'customer experience changes', 'customer experience excellence', 'meaningful customer connections', 'multiple framework agreements', 'cloud software supplier', 'several critical aspects', 'GRI international standards', 'wider transformation programs', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'chief solution officer', 'digital transformation journeys', 'key IT resources', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'comprehensive cloud-based platform', 'regular security audits', 'U.S. states', 'technical business users', 'existing legacy systems', 'Quadient cloud solutions', 'critical multichannel communications', 'public agencies', 'public organizations', 'communication flows', 'Cloud-based Solutions', 'existing systems', 'multiple channels', 'government organizations', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'software upgrades', 'elevated experiences', 'security certifications', 'security needs', 'physical channels', 'major geographies', '2022 fiscal year', 'tenfold increase', 'long-time provider', 'numerous government', 'UK government', 'physical communications', 'class delivery', 'technology partners', 'European administrations', 'Chris Hartigan', 'many years', 'strong measures', 'access controls', 'SOC2 Type', 'high scores', 'onboarding phase', 'one communications', 'reasonable return', 'market, regulatory', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Data security', 'Euronext Paris', 'growth momentum', 'data encryption', 'custom-tailored support', 'seamless integration', 'Quadient Impress', 'Quadient®', 'More', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'company', 'places', 'majority', 'constituents', 'collaboration', 'Daylight', 'Nagarro', 'Coexya', 'deployments', 'employees', 'customers', 'citizens', 'commitment', 'successes', 'costs', 'regulations', 'outcomes', 'Story', 'capacity', 'Compliance', 'HITRUST', 'HIPAA', 'GDPR', 'ISO', 'Reliability', 'scalability', 'training', 'assistance', 'processes', 'flexible', 'requirements', 'cost-effective', 'investment', 'enterprise-industries', 'public-sector-government', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'Small', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20572,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sogeclair-annual-results-2022-163500597.html,Sogeclair: annual results for 2022,Blagnac  France  March 15th 2023-5.35pm Montreal  Canada ANNUAL RESULTS FOR 2022 Consolidated turnover: €134.9M  +11.5% (Like-for-file perimeter and exchange...,"SogeclairBlagnac  France  March 15th 2023-5.35pm Montreal  CanadaANNUAL RESULTS FOR 2022Consolidated turnover: €134.9M  +11.5% (Like-for-file perimeter and exchange rate basis: +8.1%)EBITDA(1) = €12.6M  +20.1%Equity = €60.7MDividend = 0.90 € per shareSOGECLAIR  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility announces today its financial results for the year ended December 31  2022.The Board of Directors met on March 09  2023 has approved the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022. The audit procedures on the annual accounts have been carried out.As announced and despite a negative base effect in the 4th quarter  activity grew by 11.5%  EBITDA increased significantly by +20.1%. The net result was penalized by the financial result which represents a difference of €1.45M compared to 2021 (exchange rate).In €M202220212022 / 2021Turnover134.9121.0 +11.5%EBITDA(1)12.610.5 +20.1%As % of turnover9.3%8.7%Operating income4.74.1 +14.3%As % of turnover3.5%3.4%Net Result2.63.4 -23.8%Including group share2.02.6 -25.2%(1) Operating result – other operating income and charges + amortization expenses and operating provisionsHIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR:- The deployment of the ""ONE SOGECLAIR"" organization in 3 Business Units: Engineering  Solutions and Conseil (newly created activity) - The strong recovery of commercial aviation and the good performance of business aviation - The refund of more than 3/4 of the State guaranteed loans taken out in 2020 following the health crisis.By geographical area: within the framework of the ONE SOGECLAIR organization  the geographical areas  which are the main sources of operational decisions  are intended to serve our different Business Units by profession.Story continuesEuropeAfrica America AsiaPacific Turnover 102.1 27.1 5.8 EBITDA 11.5 -1.0 1.4 Operating income 6.4 -2.0 1.1Differences are due to the holding company and roundingBy Business Unit:Engineering Solutions Conseil Turnover 71.8 62.1 1.0 EBITDA 6.1 5.9 -0.1 Operating income 5.1 0.5 -0.0Differences are due to the holding company and roundingCOMMERCIAL EVENTS AND PARTNERSHIPS:Engineering Business Unit (support for manufacturers in the development  processes and product life cycle) Winning of the EMES 3 referencing of Airbus (all entities) for 5 years (2023-2028)  Bombardier's Diamond supplier label for the second consecutive year  Strong involvement in the Dassault Falcon 10X (development and manufacturing engineering)  1 st contract with the Boeing Group  Winning of a contract for the ES-19 electric-powered aircraft from Heart Aerospace.Solutions Business Unit (equipment manufacturer) After Renault in 2017 and Dassault Systèmes in 2021  UTAC-CERAM has joined the capital of AVSimulation (15%) to accelerate the development of vehicle testing in a virtual environment  Transformation of the Savannah plant into a service center  Tension on supplies.Conseil Business Unit (audit  consulting in materials  product and project performance  digital and connected industry) Newly created activity  Significant orders in the aeronautics and space industry with manufacturers  equipment suppliers and their supply chain (France  Canada  Germany).PROFITABILITY AND FINANCIAL STRUCTUREOperating profitability grew faster (+14.3%) than turnover (+11.5%) despite the additional costs of the large simulators (€2.9 million for the year) and the closure of the Savannah plant.The financial result includes a negative exchange rate difference of €1 million  compared with a positive difference of €0.43 million in 2021.Shareholders' equity stood at €60.7 million and financial debt at €16.3 million increased under the combined effect of:- The decrease of the Covid social debt by 4.3M€ (to 5.7M€) - The resumption of the historical dividend policy at €2.8M - The reinforcement of investments which increased by 0.9M€ - The growth of the WCR due to the growth of activity.The R&D effort has been maintained at a high level of over 10% of turnover (€13.7 million).DIVIDEND PROPOSALOn March 9  2023  the Board of Directors decided to propose a stable dividend of €0.90 per share to the Annual General Meeting of May 11  2023.PERSPECTIVESSOGECLAIR is driven by markets expected to grow over the next 5 years. The multidisciplinary expertise (mechanical  mechatronic  software and systems) and the geographical areas will increase their synergies to offer customers solutions in line with their own challenges for safer and less-consuming transport.Thanks to its technological investments  SOGECLAIR anticipates a new year of growth in 2023.Performance is expected to increase under the combined effect of the passing on to customers of price increases  the revenues of the large automobile simulators and the strengthening and optimization of purchases.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 03th 2022 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SogeclairSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Officer Operating / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.17,0.44,True,English,"['annual results', 'Sogeclair', '2022', 'negative exchange rate difference', 'exchange rate basis', 'Africa America Asia', 'Dassault Falcon 10X', 'ES-19 electric-powered aircraft', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'R&D effort', 'Engineering Solutions Conseil Turnover', 'negative base effect', 'high added value', 'Covid social debt', 'Annual General Meeting', 'different Business Units', 'product life cycle', 'Diamond supplier label', 'historical dividend policy', 'large automobile simulators', 'Conseil Business Unit', 'ONE SOGECLAIR"" organization', 'ONE SOGECLAIR organization', 'Engineering Business Unit', 'Solutions Business Unit', 'second consecutive year', 'other operating income', '3 Business Units', 'large simulators', 'business aviation', 'manufacturing engineering', 'financial debt', 'high level', 'ANNUAL RESULTS', 'annual accounts', 'positive difference', 'combined effect', 'innovative solutions', 'operating provisions', 'file perimeter', 'less-consuming mobility', 'financial results', 'financial statements', '4th quarter', 'net result', 'amortization expenses', 'strong recovery', 'commercial aviation', 'health crisis', 'geographical area', 'main sources', 'operational decisions', 'holding company', 'COMMERCIAL EVENTS', 'EMES 3 referencing', 'Strong involvement', 'Boeing Group', 'Heart Aerospace', 'equipment manufacturer', 'vehicle testing', 'virtual environment', 'Savannah plant', 'service center', 'connected industry', 'Significant orders', 'space industry', 'equipment suppliers', 'supply chain', 'FINANCIAL STRUCTURE', 'additional costs', 'DIVIDEND PROPOSAL', 'stable dividend', 'multidisciplinary expertise', 'mechanical, mechatronic', 'less-consuming transport', 'price increases', 'Next announcement', 'Sogeclair Blagnac', 'good performance', 'project performance', 'Operating profitability', 'Consolidated turnover', 'Pacific Turnover', 'audit procedures', '1 st contract', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'next 5 years', 'technological investments', 'new year', 'group share', 'France', 'March', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'EBITDA', 'safer', 'Board', 'Directors', 'activity', 'charges', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'deployment', 'refund', '3/4', 'loans', 'framework', 'profession', 'Story', 'Europe', 'Differences', 'rounding', 'PARTNERSHIPS', 'support', 'manufacturers', 'development', 'processes', 'Airbus', 'entities', 'Bombardier', 'Renault', 'capital', 'AVSimulation', 'Transformation', 'Tension', 'supplies', 'consulting', 'materials', 'digital', 'aeronautics', 'Germany', 'decrease', '4.3M', '5.7M', 'resumption', 'reinforcement', '0.9M', 'growth', 'WCR', 'May', 'PERSPECTIVES', 'markets', 'software', 'systems', 'synergies', 'customers', 'line', 'challenges', 'revenues', 'strengthening', 'optimization', 'purchases', 'Q1', '€', '4.7']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20573,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-eur-170000390.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/02/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.2843 £ 24.0550 Final MTD return 0.08 % 0.19 % Final YTD return -1.75 % -1.52 % Final ITD return 172.84 % 140.55 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '8']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20574,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-gbp-170000397.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/02/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.2843 £ 24.0550 Final MTD return 0.08 % 0.19 % Final YTD return -1.75 % -1.52 % Final ITD return 172.84 % 140.55 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '8']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20575,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000819.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9295 £ 23.7532 Estimated MTD return -1.24 % -1.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.02 % -2.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.29 % 137.53 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.27 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.4817 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.7784The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20576,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aitia-ucb-announce-strategic-drug-170200269.html,Aitia and UCB Announce Strategic Drug Discovery Collaboration in Huntington's Disease,"UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  and Aitia  the leader in the application of Causal AI and ""Digital Twins"" to discover and develop new drugs  today...","BRUSSELS  and SOMERVILLE  Mass.  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  and Aitia  the leader in the application of Causal AI and ""Digital Twins"" to discover and develop new drugs  today announced an early drug discovery collaboration focused on the discovery and validation of novel drug targets and drug candidates for Huntington's disease. The collaboration seeks to validate novel drug targets that are causally linked to clinical endpoints in Huntington's disease.Aitia (PRNewsfoto/GNS )Huntington's disease is a debilitating genetic disorder that affects the brain  causing gradual degeneration of nerve cells in specific areas of the brain  which can lead to problems with movement  behavior  and cognitive abilities1 2. It is estimated that Huntington's disease affects approximately 1 in 10 000 people worldwide and currently there is no cure for the disease and treatment options are limited1 3.Colin Hill  CEO and co-founder of Aitia  commented  ""At Aitia  our mission is to discover the next generation of breakthrough drugs to improve outcomes for patients where there is high unmet need. We believe that Huntington's disease is overdue for major disruption and breakthroughs from our Gemini Digital Twins which are created from large quantities of multi-omic patient data and causal AI. We're excited to collaborate closely with UCB to gain deeper insights into the underlying mechanisms of this complex disease and hope to drive major advancements in drug discovery and development faster than ever before.""This strategic collaboration will combine the use of novel Huntington's disease drug targets from Aitia's Gemini Digital Twins with UCB's expertise in drug research and preclinical model systems in neurodegeneration with the aim to accelerate the discovery of new therapies for people living with Huntington's disease.""We are pleased to work with Aitia in a bid to unravel the circuity of this debilitating disease"" said Dhaval Patel  Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer at UCB. ""We see this collaboration as an investment in next generation science and technology  allowing us to accelerate our understanding of human pathobiology and explore the potential of developing novel medicines through AI.""Story continuesFinancial details of the collaboration were not disclosed.ReferencesHuntington's Disease Association 'Our vision Our mission'. (n.d.). Available at: https://www.hda.org.uk/media/3014/impact-report-2019-final-3.pdf. Last accessed February 2023. www.neurocntr.com. (n.d.). Huntington Disease Overview  Incidence and Prevalence - NEUROCNTR. [online] Available at: http://www.neurocntr.com/huntingtons-disease.php. Last accessed February 2023. health.ucdavis.edu. (n.d.). About Huntington's Disease - UC Davis Huntington's Disease Center of Excellence. [online] Available at: https://health.ucdavis.edu/huntingtons/about.html. Last accessed February 2023.About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 700 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB).About AitiaAitia is the leader in the application of Causal AI and Digital Twins to discover the next generation of breakthrough drugs. By leveraging the convergence of multi-omic patient data  high-performance computing  and causal learning and AI  Aitia is revealing the hidden biological mechanisms of disease to create Digital Twins of disease in oncology  neurodegenerative disorders  and immunology. Gemini Digital Twins are being used today to discover novel therapies and accelerate R&D in multiple myeloma  prostate cancer  Alzheimer's Disease  Parkinson's Disease  and Huntington's Disease  with several more in development. Aitia's partners include seven of the top ten pharmaceutical companies  leading academic research and medical centers  medical societies  leading multi-omic data companies  and patient advocacy groups globally.For more information  please visit www.aitiabio.comFollow us on social media: LinkedIn  TwitterMedia ContactsAitiaZena SfeirVice President of MarketingT +1.617.374.2300email zsfeir@aitiabio.comUCBR&D CommunicationsScott FlemingT +44.7702777378email scott.fleming@ucb.comInvestor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14email antje.witte@ucb.comCorporate Communications Laurent SchotsT +32.2.559.92.64email laurent.schots@ucb.comCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aitia-and-ucb-announce-strategic-drug-discovery-collaboration-in-huntingtons-disease-301771941.htmlSOURCE Aitia",neutral,0.01,0.76,0.23,mixed,0.19,0.18,0.62,True,English,"['Strategic Drug Discovery Collaboration', 'Aitia', 'UCB', 'Huntington', 'Disease', 'top ten pharmaceutical companies', 'Corporate Communications Laurent Schots', 'Zena Sfeir Vice President', 'leading multi-omic data companies', 'early drug discovery collaboration', 'Executive Vice President', 'multi-omic patient data', 'high unmet need', 'preclinical model systems', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'leading academic research', 'patient advocacy groups', 'debilitating genetic disorder', 'central nervous system', 'hidden biological mechanisms', 'Twitter Media Contacts', 'R&D Communications', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Gemini Digital Twins', 'next generation science', 'novel drug targets', 'UC Davis Huntington', 'Huntington Disease Overview', 'drug research', 'drug candidates', 'underlying mechanisms', 'immune system', 'social media', 'novel medicines', 'novel therapies', 'new drugs', 'clinical endpoints', 'gradual degeneration', 'nerve cells', 'specific areas', 'cognitive abilities', 'treatment options', 'Colin Hill', 'breakthrough drugs', 'major disruption', 'large quantities', 'deeper insights', 'major advancements', 'new therapies', 'Dhaval Patel', 'human pathobiology', 'Financial details', 'hda.org', 'innovative medicines', 'severe diseases', 'high-performance computing', 'causal learning', 'neurodegenerative disorders', 'multiple myeloma', 'prostate cancer', 'medical centers', 'medical societies', 'Investor Relations', 'Antje Witte', 'original content', 'novel Huntington', 'debilitating disease', 'strategic collaboration', 'Causal AI', 'Scott Fleming', 'Euronext Brussels', 'complex disease', 'Disease Association', 'Disease Center', 'SOURCE Aitia', 'SOMERVILLE', 'Mass.', 'UCB', 'leader', 'application', 'validation', 'PRNewsfoto/GNS', 'brain', 'problems', 'movement', 'behavior', '10,000 people', 'cure', 'CEO', 'founder', 'mission', 'outcomes', 'patients', 'breakthroughs', 'development', 'use', 'expertise', 'neurodegeneration', 'aim', 'bid', 'circuity', 'investment', 'technology', 'understanding', 'potential', 'Story', 'References', 'vision', 'impact-report', 'February', 'Incidence', 'Prevalence', 'NEUROCNTR', 'huntingtons-disease', 'ucdavis', 'Excellence', 'Belgium', 'solutions', 'lives', '8 700 people', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'convergence', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'Alzheimer', 'Parkinson', 'partners', 'information', 'aitiabio', 'LinkedIn', 'Marketing', 'email', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20577,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/danone-170500426.html,Danone:,Press release – Paris  March 15  2023 Danone set to complete renewal of its Board of Directors with the proposed appointment of Sanjiv Mehta Today  Danone...,DANONEPress release – Paris  March 15  2023Danone set to complete renewal of its Board of Directorswith the proposed appointment of Sanjiv MehtaToday  Danone announces that Sanjiv Mehta has been proposed as an independent member of Danone’s Board of Directors. If approved at Danone’s Shareholders’ Meeting on 27th April  the appointment will mark the full renewal of the Board.Mehta is currently CEO and Managing Director of Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL)  a role he will leave on June 26  2023. If approved  he will join Danone’s Board effective July 1  2023.He is a high-calibre executive with in-depth knowledge of the consumer goods sector and diversified international expertise  particularly on Asian markets.Gilles Schnepp  Chairman of Danone’s Board of Directors  said:“The proposed appointment of Sanjiv Mehta is another positive step forward for Danone  and will mark the swift and full renewal of Danone’s Board.“He has deep consumer goods and international experience  which will add to the existing expertise across our diversified team of leading experts spanning health  consumer goods  ESG  and finance. I would like to thank him for his engagement and look forward to working with him.“Our Board is fully engaged and ambitious  with the skills to further progress our strategic plan Renew Danone  to create value for our shareholders and stakeholder community. Danone’s history  product portfolio  and pioneering spirit make us a one-of-a-kind company  and we are all dedicated to supporting it on its path to sustainable  responsible performance and growth.”APPENDIXBiographySanjiv Mehta  an Indian national  held several management positions in finance  audit and sales at Union Carbide from 1983 to 1992 before joining the Unilever Group in 1992. He has worked for almost 31 years at Unilever  building recognized expertise in the consumer goods sector while substantially accelerating the growth and profitability of Unilever Group companies. He has solid international expertise  including knowledge of his field across countries in Asia and the Middle East.Story continuesMr. Mehta was appointed CEO and Managing Director of Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) in 2013  and under his leadership HUL significantly accelerated its performance  cementing its leadership in the Indian consumer goods market while making a major impact through its social and environmental initiatives. His tenure as CEO and MD of HUL will end on June 26  2023. Mr. Mehta is currently the President Commissioner (non executive chairman) of the listed company PT Unilever Indonesia Ptk and a Director of the non listed company Air India Limited.In addition  Sanjiv Mehta served as a non-executive Director of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry from 2015 to 2019 and was President of India’s largest industry body  the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) between 2021 and 2022. Mr. Mehta is also a member of the Breach Candy Hospital Trust  a Director of the Indian School of Business  and Chairman of Vikaasa  a coalition of Indian and multinational companies that helps solve various intractable issues facing India.Composition of Danone’s Board of Directors at July 1  2023 (subject to the approval of shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on April 27  2023).Gilles Schnepp  ChairmanValérie Chapoulaud-Floquet  Lead Independent DirectorAntoine de Saint-Affrique  CEOFrédéric Boutebba  Director representing employeesGilbert GhostineLise KingoPatrice LouvetSanjiv MehtaGéraldine PicaudSusan RobertsBettina Theissig  Director representing employeesSubject to shareholders’ approval  with effect from July 1  2023  the Board of Directors will have 11 members (including two Directors representing employees). Of this total  89% are independent  56% are non-French  and 44% are women.About Danone ( www.danone.com )Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.7 billion in sales in 2022. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including Aqua  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Vigeo Eiris and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index. By 2025  Danone aims to become one of the first multinational companies to obtain global B Corp™ certification.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.76,0.23,mixed,0.65,0.17,0.18,True,English,"['Danone', 'Breach Candy Hospital Trust', 'American Depositary Receipt) program', 'Frédéric Boutebba', 'PT Unilever Indonesia Ptk', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'Indian consumer goods market', 'Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'consumer goods sector', 'deep consumer goods', 'several management positions', 'various intractable issues', 'Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet', 'Géraldine Picaud', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'Hindustan Unilever Limited', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading global food', 'leading international brands', 'Air India Limited', 'largest industry body', 'Unilever Group companies', 'sustainable, responsible performance', 'solid international expertise', 'employees Gilbert Ghostine', 'Lead Independent Director', 'non executive chairman', 'OTCQX market', 'leading experts', 'international experience', 'multinational companies', 'sustainable eating', 'regional brands', 'high-calibre executive', 'Indian national', 'Indian Chambers', 'Indian School', 'Press release', 'independent member', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Gilles Schnepp', 'positive step', 'existing expertise', 'diversified team', 'strategic plan', 'stakeholder community', 'pioneering spirit', 'Union Carbide', 'Middle East', 'major impact', 'environmental initiatives', 'Bombay Chamber', 'Lise Kingo', 'Patrice Louvet', 'Susan Roberts', 'Bettina Theissig', 'trend categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'component stock', 'Vigeo Eir', 'executive Director', 'Sanjiv Mehta', 'Mr. Mehta', 'listed company', 'beverage company', 'full renewal', 'Managing Director', '27th April', 'depth knowledge', 'Asian markets', 'product portfolio', 'President Commissioner', 'Plant-Based products', 'value creation', 'Euronext Paris', 'two Directors', 'shareholders’ approval', '100,000 employees', '120 markets', 'DANONE', 'March', 'Board', 'proposed', 'appointment', 'CEO', 'HUL', 'role', 'June', 'swift', 'health', 'ESG', 'finance', 'engagement', 'skills', 'history', 'kind', 'path', 'growth', 'APPENDIX', 'Biography', 'audit', 'sales', '31 years', 'profitability', 'field', 'countries', 'leadership', 'tenure', 'MD', 'addition', 'Commerce', 'Federation', 'FICCI', 'Business', 'Vikaasa', 'coalition', 'Composition', 'July', 'effect', '11 members', 'total', 'women', 'growing', 'Waters', 'long', 'competitiveness', 'Actimel', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'Aqua', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20578,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000508.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9295 £ 23.7532 Estimated MTD return -1.24 % -1.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.02 % -2.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.29 % 137.53 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.27 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.4817 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.7784The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20579,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VENTE-UNIQUE-COM-42547900/news/Vente-unique-com-Proposed-distribution-of-a-dividend-of-EUR0-22-per-share-43254442/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Vente-unique.com :  Proposed distribution of a dividend of EUR0.22 per share,(marketscreener.com)  15 March 2023. Vente-Unique.com  a European specialist in online furniture and home décor sales  announces its intention to distribute a dividend of €0.22 per share.This proposal will be submitted to shareholders at a General Meeting …,"15 March 2023. Vente-Unique.com  a European specialist in online furniture and home décor sales  announces its intention to distribute a dividend of €0.22 per share.This proposal will be submitted to shareholders at a General Meeting to be held on 30 March 2023 at 2pm at the Company's head office.Next publication: H1 2022-2023 revenues  Thursday  11 May 2023Read more on bourse.vente-unique.comÀ propos de Vente-unique.comCréé en 2006  Vente-unique.com (Euronext Growth – ALVU)  filiale du Groupe CAFOM (Euronext – CAFO)  est un expert de la vente en ligne de mobilier et aménagement de la maison en Europe. La société couvre 11 pays (France  Allemagne  Autriche  Belgique  Espagne  Italie  Luxembourg  Pays-Bas  Pologne  Portugal et Suisse) et a livré plus de 2 millions de clients depuis son lancement. En 2022  Vente-unique.com a réalisé un chiffre d'affaires de 143 M€.ACTUS finance & communication Jérôme Fabreguettes-Leib Déborah Schwartz Relations Investisseurs Relations Presse vente-unique@actus.fr dschwartz@actus.fr 01 53 67 36 78 01 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yptqaJyZZ5vJlW2eYptsapaZZpdimGOVaJTLxWlsZJiaa3FplGhpl52XZnBpnmlt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78947-vu_cp_dividende_2023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['distribution', 'share', 'Jérôme Fabreguettes-Leib Déborah Schwartz Relations Investisseurs Relations Presse', 'home décor sales', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'News releases', 'Vente-Unique.com', 'European specialist', 'online furniture', 'General Meeting', 'head office', 'Next publication', 'Groupe CAFOM', 'société', 'ACTUS finance', 'Regulated information', 'GM Full', 'Euronext Growth', 'preparatory documents', '15 March', 'intention', 'share', 'proposal', '30 March', '2pm', 'Company', 'H1', 'Thursday', 'May', 'bourse', 'ALVU', 'filiale', 'expert', 'ligne', 'mobilier', 'maison', '11 pays', 'France', 'Allemagne', 'Autriche', 'Belgique', 'Espagne', 'Italie', 'Luxembourg', 'Pays-Bas', 'Pologne', 'Portugal', 'Suisse', '2 millions', 'clients', 'lancement', 'chiffre', 'affaires', 'communication', 'provision', 'Terms', 'availability', 'PDF', 'vu_cp_dividende', 'email']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20580,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/volta-finance-limited-dividend-declaration-070000371.html,Volta Finance Limited - Dividend Declaration,Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS) Dividend Declaration NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES...,"Volta Finance LimitedVolta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)Dividend DeclarationNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATESGuernsey  15 March 2023Volta Finance Limited (""the Company"") hereby announces a first interim dividend for the financial year commencing 1 August 2022.The Company announces that it has declared a quarterly interim dividend of €0.13 per share payable on 27 April 2023 amounting to approximately €4.76 million  equating approximately to an annualised 8% of net asset value. The ex-dividend date is 23 March 2023 with a record date of 24 March 2023.The Company has arranged for its shareholders to be able to elect to receive their dividends in either Euros or Pounds Sterling. Shareholders will  by default  receive their dividends in Euros  unless they have instructed the Company’s Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited (“Computershare”)  to pay dividends in Pounds Sterling. Such instructions may be given to Computershare either electronically via CREST or by using the Currency Election Form which has been posted to shareholders and a copy of which is also available on the website www.voltafinance.com within the “Investors – Other Documents” section. The deadline for receipt of currency elections is 12:00 (midday) on 27 March 2023.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A.  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Story continuesVolta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.89,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Dividend Declaration', 'Volta Finance Limited Volta Finance Limited', 'largest European-based asset managers', 'BNP Paribas S.A.', 'high net worth companies', 'alternative investment fund manager', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'multi-expert asset management company', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'net asset value', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'first interim dividend', 'quarterly interim dividend', 'Currency Election Form', 'residential mortgage loans', 'U.S. persons', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'structured finance assets', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'investment management company', 'The Companies', 'AXA IM', 'AXA Group', 'investment objectives', 'Regulation S', 'Dividend Declaration', 'currency elections', 'automobile loans', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'wealth management', 'Directive 2011/61/EU', 'AIFM Directive', 'investment professionals', 'UNITED STATES', 'financial year', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'Pounds Sterling', 'Such instructions', 'Other Documents', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'listed securities', 'financial markets', 'stable stream', 'diversified investments', 'corporate credits', 'quasi-sovereign debt', 'global leader', 'financial protection', 'applicable law', 'Such securities', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Promotion', 'Company Secretary', 'The Company', 'press release', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', 'underlying assets', 'Serge Demay', 'credit cycle', 'Guernsey Branch', 'Guernsey) Law', '2,460 professionals', 'VTA/VTAS', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '15 March', '27 April', '23 March', '24 March', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'Euros', 'default', 'Registrar', 'CREST', 'copy', 'website', 'Investors', 'section', 'deadline', 'receipt', '27 March', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'Story', 'capital', 'income', 'approach', 'vehicles', 'arrangements', 'exposure', 'portfolios', 'division', 'December', 'capacity', 'meaning', 'information', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'shares', 'circulation', 'jurisdictions', 'recipient', 'copies', 'breach', 'limitations', 'restrictions', 'sale', 'circumstances', 'registration', 'exemption', 'portion', 'communication', 'Article', 'Order', '0.1', '44']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20581,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2627354/0/en/2022-proving-Cabka-s-sound-fundamentals.html,2022: proving Cabka’s sound fundamentals,Amsterdam 15 March 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its…,Record sales of € 208.9 million (2021: € 170.0 million)Operational EBITDA € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million)Net Income from operations € 1.5 million (2021: € 3.4 million)Proposed distribution of € 0.15 per shareConfirm mid-term guidance1Amsterdam 15 March 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its preliminary non-audited 2022 full year results.Cabka CEO Tim Litjens  commented:“In 2022 we continued our growth strategy  recording 23% topline growth. Whilst navigating economic and environmental challenges we demonstrated our intrinsic value-add and pricing power. We secured several major contracts in Customized Solutions  and expanded our customer base in Portfolio  providing a solid base for continued growth in both the European and US markets. Our outperformance in circularity  with over 85% of our products from recycled plastics  attract blue chip customers opting for our solutions helping them to meet their sustainability targets.Shortly after listing the company in March  geopolitical tensions and volatility in energy and material markets lead to extraordinary inflation levels. With some delay effect  this has been successfully mitigated through various rounds of price increases.In Reusable Transport Packaging business  we focused on improving overall efficiencies and prepared for further capacity expansion. In the ECO business  we successfully consolidated our asset base  providing improved economies of scale and capacity expansion for 2023. In the US  we responded with great agility to the flooding of our St. Louis site. Business was successfully secured by rapid outsourcing  contributing to the 30% US growth. Operations have recommenced  with the goal to be fully operational by the end of the second quarter 2023. We continued to strengthen our organization by extending our innovation center  developing our ESG value proposition and adding valuable experience to our management team.Looking ahead  we are confident to reiterate our mid-term guidance. Barring unforeseen circumstances  for 2023 we expect to deliver on high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.”Financial HighlightsRecord sales of € 208.9 million representing a 23% Year-on-Year (YoY) top-level growth based on organic growth (8%) as well as pricing effect (15%) covering the rapidly rising costs for energy and materials  reflecting strong market positionGross profit 6% higher at € 92.6 million (2021: € 87.1 million)  gross margin at 44%. Without dilution effect of higher pricing and costs  margins would be comparable to last year (2021: 51%)Resilient operational EBITDA at € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million); Operational EBITDA margin lower at 11%; Margin protected by price increases minus lagging effectNet Income from operations € 1.5 million (2021: € 3.4 million) or € 0.06 per share. Non-operational items totaling at € 35.5 million  mainly due to non-cash IPO listing expenses  leading to a Net Result of € -34.0 millionNet Working Capital at € 33.7 million or 16% of sales (2021: € 27.3 million  respectively 16%)Net debt € 44.6 million (2021: € 62.5 million)  29% lower mainly from proceeds of the listingTotal CAPEX of € 26.6 million in 2022 including maintenance & replacement investments of € 7.4 million  3.5% of salesStrategic & Market HighlightsCabka N.V. listed on 1 March 2022 after 100% shareholders’ support for a business combination of Cabka Group GmbH and Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V. bringing in € 108.5 million of which € 63.3 million to buy out minority shareholders and € 45.2 million in new capital 2Two-tier Board installed; management strengthened at executive levelTwo significant multi-year customized solutions contracts announced with blue chip clients with total expected annualized sales of over 10% of 2022 sales. The first with US retailer Target was signed in May and the other with European pooler CHEP in SeptemberRecycled material used in products above 85% of total compared to a European average 3 of 14%of 14% Restructuring of Eco business completed  leading to closure of Genthin site and consolidation of production capacity in Weira (Germany) overall raising production efficiency  albeit at temporary output reductionCabka North America’s plant in St. Louis (MO) forced shut down  due to exceptional flash floods on July 27 th . In a swift response Cabka was able to secure sales to Cabka’s main customers  albeit at additional material & tolling costs. In a swift response Cabka was able to secure sales to Cabka’s main customers  albeit at additional material & tolling costs Cabka gained full ownership of its US subsidiary Cabka North America Inc. by acquiring the remaining 7.71% shares on March 22nd  2022Preliminary unaudited operational income 2022Condensed operational income statement4 in €m 2022 2021 Change Sales 208.9 170.0 23% Other operating income items 11.9 6.6 80% Total Operating Income 220.8 176.6 25% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services -128.2 -89.5 43% Gross Profit 92.6 87.1 6% Operating expenses -70.0 -58.1 21% Operational EBITDA 22.5 29.0 -22% Depreciation -18.0 -19.7 -9% EBIT /Operating Income 4.5 9.3 -52% Financial results -2.4 -2.1 13% Earnings before taxes 2.2 7.2 -70% Taxes -0.7 -3.8 -82% Net income from operations 1.5 3.4 -56%DistributionProposed distribution of € 0.15 per ordinary share  subject to AGM approval: €0.05 in cash and €0.10 in sharesOutlookBased on Cabka’s strong fundamentals we reiterate our mid-term guidance. Barring unforeseen circumstances  for 2023 we expect to deliver on high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2022Commercial performanceCabka realized record sales in 2022 of € 208.9 million a 23% increase compared to 2021  of which 8% from organic growth. Growth was especially strong in RTP.Cabka RTP performed strong in Europe with 24% growth to € 121.4 million. Customized Solutions in Europe grew with 53% to € 33.1 million  especially in the Pooling and Automotive sector. Cabka introduced several environmentally friendly solutions via its containers and pallets primarily made from recycled plastics  increasing reusability  and reducing transportation impact. Leading brands in the Automotive industry like BMW  Tesla and Continental opted for our solutions in 2022.CHEP a key player in the European pooling industry signed a new multi-year contract for reusable foldable containers out of recycled materials in September. Production is expected to start by half 2023  contributing approximately € 9 million in revenues on an annual basis.The Cabka business in North America grew 30% to € 34.9 million. TARGET was an important new contract for RTP The multi-year contract was announced in May. The flooding of the St. Louis plant in July resulted in some temporarily delays in growth for 2022.ECO products remained stable over the year with a total revenue of € 22.8 million  The relocation of all ECO activities from Genthin to Weira in East Germany was completed according to plan. The temporary shutdown of production to facilitate the move  reduced the intake of mixed plastics and hence performance of the ECO business in 2022  which was compensated by favorable pricing effects.ESGCabka is the circularity leader in the RTP industry. In 2022 over 85% of our products was made from recycled materials  100% was reusable with take-back clauses for recycling and supporting the collection of additional plastics for recycling. The average for Europe was in 2021 still at 14% recycled plastics targeting to get to 33% by 2030.5On top of our focus on the recycling of plastics  we increasingly look on how we recycle plastics and make the entire process more sustainable. Cabka has put extra efforts in changing to more sustainable energy supply for its production in order to reduce its carbon footprint. In addition  Cabka significantly reduces carbon emissions by recycling plastic waste that otherwise would have been incinerated.As of 2022 we established a new governance structure for ESG and will publish our first ESG report integrated in the 2022 Annual Report due April 25th 2023. With external support  Cabka conducted a double materiality assessment leading to the establishment of base ambition levels that were agreed upon with the full management team.PricingThe war in Ukraine  started on February 24th  had a severe impact on social and economic developments as well as financial markets leading to unprecedented volatility in prices for energy and materials. Cabka showed the strength of its competitive position by leading the industry in pricing as it was able to implement several price increases to compensate for higher input costs. That said  the steep rise over a short period did have bottom line impact  as higher costs were passed to the market with some unavoidable delay. In order to be able to react more dynamically to volatile conditions in the energy and material market  an indexed pricing adjustment mechanism is in place. Cabka’s focus remains on profitable organic sales growth.EBITDAOperational EBITDA came in at € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million). The decrease in operational EBITDA reflects the high increase in especially energy and material prices throughout the year. From the decrease in operational EBITDA-margin circa 2.5% margin loss was due to the lagging effect of mitigating price increases  the remainder from dilution as the cost base increased. Additionally  operating expenses were up 20% versus 2021 driven by growth  inflationary adjustments  post-Covid ramp-up  and organizational requirements as a listed company.St. Louis flooding6As a result of the floods in the greater St. Louis area on July 27th  Cabka’s North America plant in Hazelwood (MO) had to be shut down. In a swift response to the flooding  Cabka was able to quickly recover essential injection molding tools to continue supplying key customers using alternative production capacities. The swift response secured sales to its main customers. However  it resulted indirectly in € 3.3 million higher costs as production had to be moved to tollers and internally recycled materials could not be used. As production on site is gradually picking up  these effects should be fully reversed by mid-2023.Over the past months  Cabka has worked on cleaning and restoring the St. Louis facilities. Production is ramping up and expected to be fully operational by the end of the second quarter of 2023. Based on this timeline  an assessment of the impact of the flooding can now be made. The expenses for cleaning and repairs amounted to USD 4.0 million (€ 3.7 million) in 2022 and were fully covered by the flood insurance policy of Cabka.Cabka further established that due to the flood a part of its inventory was irretrievably destroyed leading to an extraordinary write-off of USD 1.8 million (€ 1.7 million). The flooding is considered a ‘triggering event’ under IFRS7  therefore leading to an impairment and derecognition. Cabka recognizes an impairment and derecognition on assets of USD 4.3 million (€ 4.1 million). Prior to the flooding  Cabka had already placed orders for new machines to support its growth ambitions in the US market. With this coming to the ground  in combination with increased efficiencies  the capacity in the US is expected to be sufficient  and thus it will not seek to replace the impaired machines.Insurance payments received in 2022 led to a positive cash flow impact of USD 2.3 million(€ 2.2 million). Repairs and starting up work will continue into the first half year of 2023. Cabka expects the total positive cash flow from the insurance in 2022 and 2023 – once all positions are recognized – will be sufficient to cover the total flood related out-of-pocket expenses. As part of the insurance claim has already been recognized in 2022  this could have negative impact on 2023 cash flow and recognized IFRS expenses.St. Louis flooding direct impact in € m2022 P&L Remarks Insurance payments received 5.9 Out of pocket expenses cleaning repair -3.7 Total cash inflow 2.2 Write off  impairment and derecognition -5.8 As required by IFRS accounting  no replacements required Total non-cash impact -5.8 Non-operational8 direct impact -3.6 Of which € 5.8m non-cashListingCabka N.V. was listed via a business combination of Cabka Group GmbH with Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V. (DSC2) on March 1st  2022.In total Cabka spent in 2022 € 2.9 million in IPO related transaction costs.To realize the business combination DSC2 paid a total cash consideration of € 108.5 million9.€ 63.3 million was used to buy out Cabka minority shareholders and Cabka received the remaining € 45.2 million in new capital.However  under IFRS the following accounting steps need to be taken:First  the cash consideration of € 108.5m is corrected for the financial liabilities of DSC2 for the outstanding Warrants and Special Shares 10 . This results in a € 6.0 million liability deducted from the paid cash bringing the net cash consideration receivable by Cabka to€ 102.4 million.. This results in a € 6.0 million liability deducted from the paid cash bringing the net cash consideration receivable by Cabka to € 102.4 million. Second  IFRS considers not the cash payment  but the market value of all 12.9 million shares received by DSC2 shareholders  including the conversion of the € 11 warrants and Special Shares immediately after listing  as the consideration paid by Cabka. This results in a valuation of the consideration paid for Cabka of € 129.2 million.Third  IFRS considers the difference between the € 129.2 million value ‘paid by Cabka’ to the DSC2 shareholders and the net assets received by Cabka from DSC2 of € 102.4 million to represent the value of the ‘service’ of providing Cabka with a listing via the business combination with DSC2. In a ‘regular acquisition’ this would have been capitalized as goodwill. However  as the only asset on the DSC2 balance sheet was cash  under IFRS  DSC2 does not qualify as a business. Hence no goodwill is recognized or can be capitalized  and the total difference of € 26.8 million should be qualified as a listing expense in the 2022 P&L  which is recorded directly into equity.The cash in equity received remains € 45.2 million and there is zero Equity impact and zero Cash Flow impact resulting from these listing expensesListing Impact 2022 P&L Balance Cash in € million Sheet Flow Net cash received from listing - 45.2 45.2 Listing expenses -26.8 - - IPO related transaction costs -1.3 -2.9 -2.9 Warrant & Special Shares liability at listing - -6.0 - Special Shares liability fair value change at Year End11 1.6 -1.6 -Triggered by the IPO Cabka spent in total € 3.4 million in staff related costs in 2022: € 0.6 million in bonuses for all staff  € 1.6m in settling the VSOP management share plan  € 1.0 million in tax charges linked to the VSOP and € 0.2 million on marketing and IT. All these staff related costs are considered non-operational and hence not included in the operational results.Cash flows and cash positionNet Working Capital at Year-End was € 33.7 million or 16% of sales  in line with 2021 and beating mid-term guidance. Higher inventory value of €10.6 million was predominantly caused by increased cost of goods and higher safety stocks. The movement in trade receivables and trade payables were aligned.Cash flows from operating activities came in at € 0.5 million. This comprises of an inflow of€ 18.8 million from operational activities minus € 2.9 million outflow for IPO related costs  and€ 2.4 million for other costs triggered by the IPO. Net Working Capital increased with € 6.4 million (including prepayments on molds on behalf of customers amounted to € 4.2 million) and decreased with € 6.6 million in other liabilities.Cash flows from investing activities totaling € 27.1 million of which € 26.7 was related to capital investments and € 1.9 million to buy out minority shareholders of Cabka North America. Disposing of certain assets contributed € 1.5 million.Cash flows from financing activities totaled €37.7 million. Net proceeds from the IPO -before costs- amounted to € 45.2 million. Repayment of banking debt facilities including interest and exchange rate changes totaled € 12.0 million  whilst lease facilities increased by € 4.5 million.CAPEXTotal CAPEX for 2022 came at € 26.6 million including maintenance & replacement investments of € 7.4 million  or 3.5% of sales. The restructuring of the ECO business and concentration in Weira represented € 3.7 million in investments. In total € 10.1 million was invested in machines and new molds to support growth and EUR 1.6 million in process & automation. The buyout of minority shareholders of Cabka’s North America’s business required € 1.8 million.Share priceAt the beginning of 2022 Cabka shares were still listed under the name of Dutch Star Companies TWO and closed on December 31st  2021 at € 11.20. After business combination the name of the listed entity changed to Cabka N.V. on March 1st  2022 (closing price DSC2 at February 28th € 10.00) and the Cabka shares closed at € 6.12 at December 31st  2022.Cabka share capital per December 31st  2022Shares ISIN Ordinary Shares issued 23 982 191 CABKA / NL00150000S7 Ordinary Shares in treasury 16 388 000 DSC2S / NL00150002R5 Total Ordinary Shares 40 370 191 Special Shares 97 778 Total shares 40 467 969The conversion option of the € 12 Special Shares is measured at fair value based on market share price and classified as financial liability. The value change of the Special Shares liability over 2022 amounted to € 1.6 million (positive).12Tax positionsDeferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable thattaxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Management’sassessment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits. At the moment ofpublication of this preliminary unaudited financial results report  the assessment of current anddeferred tax positions have not been fully finalized and might be revised ahead of thepublication of the Annual Report 2022.Relevant events after December 31st  2022Mr. Frank Roerink was appointed interim Chief Financial Officer as of 1 February 2023 afterMr. Necip Küpcü stepped down as CFO and will continue in a senior finance role within the company.Mr. Necip Küpcü stepped down as CFO and will continue in a senior finance role within the company. On March 15th  2023  following the lock up period  Cabka issued 385 020 Ordinary Shares from treasury to cover its obligations under the former ‘VSOP’ performance share program for key staff  resulting in a total of 24 367 211 Ordinary Shares issued per March 15th and 16 002 980 Ordinary Shares remaining in treasury. The remaining 7 500 VSOP rights have been voided.Financial Calendar 202325 April Publication Annual Report 2022 and Trading Update first quarter 20238 June Annual General Meeting13 June Capital Markets Day17 August Ex-Dividend* Date18 August Dividend* Record Date22 August Publication Half Year Results 202325 August Dividend* Payment Date19 October Trading Update Q3 202320 March 2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  +316 109 42514www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.FINANCIAL OVERVIEW APPENDIXDefinitions of operational items by managementGross MarginGross Profit divided by RevenueGross Profit divided by Revenue Gross ProfitProfit as Revenue for the period plus changes in inventory and other operating income for the period  minus raw material costs  energy costs and purchased servicesProfit as Revenue for the period plus changes in inventory and other operating income for the period  minus raw material costs  energy costs and purchased services Maintenance and Replacement Capital ExpendituresThe expenses incurred by the company that are related to the maintenance and replacements of assets like plants  machinery and buildingsThe expenses incurred by the company that are related to the maintenance and replacements of assets like plants  machinery and buildings Maintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures as a percentage of revenue: Maintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures divided by RevenueMaintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures divided by Revenue Net Working CapitalTrade accounts receivables plus inventories net of trade accounts payablesTrade accounts receivables plus inventories net of trade accounts payables Net Working Capital as percentage of revenueNet Working Capital divided by RevenueNet Working Capital divided by Revenue Non-operationalIndicates that this is not part of regular operational activities.Indicates that this is not part of regular operational activities. Operational EBITDANet Result reported for the period  adjusted for non-operational activities  before depreciation and amortization  interest expenses and income  taxes and share option plan accruals with figures being adjusted for non-recurring itemsCondensed bridge from operational to IFRS consolidated statement of profit and loss  2022 preliminary unauditedCondensed income statement bridge operational to IFRS13 in € million 2022 2021 Change Sales 208.9 170.0 23% Other operating income items 11.9 6.6 80% Total Operating Income 220.8 176.6 25% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services -128.2 -89.5 43% Gross Profit 92.6 87.1 6% Operating expenses -70.0 -58.1 21% Operational EBITDA 22.5 29.0 -22% Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible and tangible fixed assets -18.0 -19.7 -9% EBIT /Operating Income 4.5 9.3 -51% Financial results -2.4 -2.1 13% Earnings before taxes 2.2 7.2 -70% Taxes -0.7 -3.8 -82% Net income from operations 1.5 3.4 -56% Non-operational items IPO listing expenses14 -26.8 IPO transaction related costs -1.3 -0 2 Bonuses and VSOP incl. tax charges -3.4 -3.8 Eco-restructuring -0.6 -0.6 St. Louis Flooding15 -6.9 Changes in fair value of Special Shares liability 1.6 Tax on non-operational items 1.9 1.3 Non-controlling interest0.1 0.3 Net result reported IFRS -34.0 0.4Condensed consolidated statement of profit and loss 2022 preliminary unauditedCondensed statement of profit and loss in € million 2022 2021 Net turnover 208.9 170.0 Change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 4.2 0.7 Other operating income items16 13.7 5.9 Total Operating income 226.8 176.6 Material expenses / expenses for purchased services -131.5 -89.5 Personnel expenses -40.4 -37.0 Depreciation  amortization and impairments of intangible and tangible fixed assets -18.0 -19.7 IPO listing expenses17 -26.8 - Other operating expenses -43.6 -25.7 Total Operating expenses 260.2 171.9 Interest income and similar income 1.6 0.0 Interest expenses and similar charges -2.4 -2.1 Financial Result -0.8 -2.1 Result before taxes -34.3 2.6 Income tax expense 0.2 -2.5 Net Result -34.1 0.1 Attributable to non-controlling interest -0.1 -0.3 Attributable to Owners of the Company -34.0 0.4Consolidated Balance Sheet 2022 preliminary unauditedConsolidated Balance Sheet in € million 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Other intangible assets 0.7 0.6 Property  plant and equipment 78.0 73.9 Long-term financial assets 0.1 0.1 Other long-term assets 0.1 0.0 Deferred taxes 3.9 1.9 82.7 76.5 Current Assets Inventories 41.4 30.8 Trade receivables 31.8 27.2 Short-term financial assets 0.0 0.2 Other short-term assets 10.4 6.5 Cash and cash equivalents 21.0 10.0 104.6 74.7 187.4 151.2 LIABILITIES Equity Share capital 0.4 3.4 Treasury shares -0.2 0.0 Capital reserve 75.3 13.0 Warrants reserve 11.0 0.0 Retained earnings -17.5 17.6 Foreign currency translation reserve -0.7 -0.4 Non-controlling interests 0.0 0.1 68.4 33.6 Non-current liabilities Long-term financial liabilities 38.5 45.2 Other long-term liabilities 0.0 0.1 Deferred taxes 1.8 1.7 40.3 47.0 Current liabilities Short-term financial liabilities 27.2 27.3 Provisions 0.7 1.0 Contract liabilities 5.9 2.2 Trade payables 35.2 30.7 Income tax liabilities 0.0 0.0 Other short-term liabilities 9.6 9.4 78.7 70.7 187.4 151.2V. Condensed consolidated statement of cash flow 2022 preliminary unauditedCash flows from operating activities came in at € 0.5 million. This comprises of an inflow of€ 18.8 million from operational activities minus € 2.9 million outflow for IPO related costs  and€ 2.4 million for other costs triggered by the IPO.Consolidated statement of cash flow in € million 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss / income for the period -34.0 0.1 Interest costs 2.4 1.9 Taxes 0.2 -1.5 Depreciation  amortization and impairments of intangible and tangible fixed assets 18.0 19.7 Cash flow -13.4 20.2 Increase (-) / decrease (+) of inventories  trade receivables and other assets -19.4 -15.5 Increase (+) / decrease (-) of trade payables and other liabilities 6.4 18.1 IPO costs charged to Equity -1.7 - Listing expenses (non-cash transaction) 26.8 - Other non-cash transactions 1.8 -0.9 Cash flow (used in)/from operating activities 0.5 21.9 Cash flow from investing activities Cash inflow from sale of property  plant and equipment 1.5 2.4 Cash outflow for investment in property  plant and equipment -26.3 -19.7 Cash inflow from intangible assets 0.0 0.0 Cash outflow for investments in intangible assets -0.4 -0.3 Cash inflowithoutflow from investments in fully consolidated companies -1.9 0.0 Net cash from/(used in) investing activities -27.1 -17.6 Cashflow from financing activities Proceeds form issue of share capital 108.5 - Cash outflow from buy out of Cabka minority shareholders -63.3 - Cash inflow (+) / outflow (-) for other financial liabilities -0.9 -0.9 Cash outflow for the repayment of liabilities to banks -9.3 -3.7 Cash inflow from receipt of liabilities to banks 4.5 2.9 Interest paid -1.8 -1.9 Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 37.7 -3.5 Changes in cash and cash equivalents 11.1 0.8 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 10.0 9.2 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 21.0 10.01 Mid-term guidance: High single digit revenue growth; >20% EBITDA margin; ~4% maintenance and replacement CAPEX and ~20% NWC as percentage of revenues; ~30-35% pay-out ratio of net profit (€ 0.15 for 2022FY)2 Excluding IPO costs3 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe4 The condensed income statement provides underlying operational performance and is not an IFRS statement. The IFRS income statement is provided in the Appendix and includes items management qualified as non-operational.5 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe6 All conversions from USD to € based on the 31 December 2022 exchange rate of € 0.94477 per USD 1.007 IAS 36 and IAS 168 The qualification non-operational is not an IFRS qualification. It is a management accounting term to indicate this is not part of regular operations. This amount excludes the indirect costs incurred from the use of external tollers.9 After costs  negative interest  and warrant conversion10 As assumed by Cabka for the Warrants at € 12 and € 13 and Special Shares at € 1211 The Warrants are reclassified from liabilities to equity. Due to this reclassification  they are no longer to be remeasured each reporting date  but they do still carry value.12 For full disclosure of potential dilution from outstanding warrants  special shares and (employee) performance shares see paragraph 17 of the Cabka Half Year Report published 17 August 2022.13 The condensed income statement provides operational and non-operational result items for insight on underlying operational performance. The attached statements II to V provide integral IFRS statements without this distinction.14 This represents a purely non-cash accounting-only loss with no impact on the IFRS Equity  Balance Sheet total  or Cash Flow. Please see page 5 under ‘listing’ for more details.15 This includes both direct impact and indirect impact16 Includes income from Insurance St. Louis flooding17 This represents a purely non-cash accounting-only loss with no impact on the IFRS Equity  Balance Sheet total  or Cash Flow.Attachments,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.16,0.25,True,English,"['sound fundamentals', 'Cabka', 'Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V.', 'Two significant multi-year customized solutions contracts', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'cash IPO listing expenses', 'Reusable Transport Packaging business', 'Cabka North America Inc.', 'Preliminary unaudited operational income', 'high-single digit sales growth', 'several major contracts', 'Cabka N.V.', 'extraordinary inflation levels', 'ESG value proposition', 'blue chip clients', 'temporary output reduction', 'exceptional flash floods', 'Other operating i', 'operational income statement4', 'strong market position', 'Resilient operational EBITDA', 'blue chip customers', 'Cabka Group GmbH', 'US retailer Target', 'European pooler CHEP', 'Net Working Capital', '2022 full year results', 'St. Louis site', 'Operational EBITDA margin', 'preliminary non', 'Net Income', 'Market Highlights', 'new capital', 'Genthin site', 'full ownership', 'main customers', 'growth strategy', '23% topline growth', 'continued growth', '30% US growth', 'top-level growth', 'organic growth', 'ECO business', 'Net Result', 'Net debt', 'business combination', 'mid-term guidance1', 'plastic waste', 'Cabka CEO', 'Tim Litjens', 'environmental challenges', 'intrinsic value-add', 'customer base', 'solid base', 'US markets', 'sustainability targets', 'geopolitical tensions', 'material markets', 'delay effect', 'various rounds', 'price increases', 'overall efficiencies', 'capacity expansion', 'asset base', 'great agility', 'rapid outsourcing', 'second quarter', 'innovation center', 'valuable experience', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'Financial Highlights', 'Gross profit', 'gross margin', 'dilution effect', 'last year', 'lagging effect', 'Non-operational items', 'replacement investments', '100% shareholders’ support', 'minority shareholders', 'Two-tier Board', 'executive level', 'Recycled material', 'European average', 'production capacity', 'production efficiency', 'swift response', 'additional material', 'US subsidiary', 'remaining 7.71% shares', 'rising costs', 'tolling costs', 'Record sales', 'annualized sales', 'Change Sales', 'pricing effect', 'higher pricing', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'management team', 'Total CAPEX', '2022 sales', 'operations', 'distribution', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'RTP', 'economic', 'power', 'Portfolio', 'outperformance', 'circularity', 'products', 'plastics', 'March', 'volatility', 'energy', 'improved', 'economies', 'scale', 'flooding', 'goal', 'end', 'organization', 'recovery', 'rapidly', 'materials', 'margins', 'proceeds', 'maintenance', 'Strategic', 'May', 'September', '14% Restructuring', 'consolidation', 'Weira', 'Germany', 'plant', 'MO', 'July', '11']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20582,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2628097/0/en/Hyloris-reports-full-year-results-for-2022-provides-business-outlook.html,Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook,Liège  Belgium - REGULATED INFORMATION – 15 March 2023 – 7PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces its fin…,"English FrenchStrong R&D progress & attractive commercial deals  including additional Tranexamic Acid RTU out-licensing dealsPotential U.S. market approval for Maxigesic® IV in H2 2023Promising new product candidates driving innovation and on track for a planned acceleration towards a portfolio of 30 assets before 2025Revenues of €3 million  net loss decreased to €10.8 million with increased R&D expenses€43 million in cash & cash equivalents  no financial debtWebcast at 1PM GMT / 2PM CET/ 9AM EST (register here)Liège  Belgium - REGULATED INFORMATION – 15 March 2023 – 7PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces its financial and operational results for the year ending on 31 December 2022  as well as its business outlook for 2023 and beyond.Stijn Van Rompay  chief executive officer of Hyloris  commented: “Our strategy is as successful as it is unique  and 2022 and early 2023 has proven this once again. In an exceptionally difficult year for both the financial markets and the healthcare sector  we successfully raised €15 million and announced HY-083  a product candidate targeting idiopathic rhinitis. This was followed in early 2023 by the in-licensing of a product candidate targeting hypophosphatemia. Other pipeline assets progressed at a rapid pace and are well underway to providing real solutions to unmet medical needs in the upcoming years.”“Several clinical trials will be conducted over the course of 2023 and our team is paving the way to a market authorization for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. before year-end ” Van Rompay continued. “Our headcount grew from 21 at the end of 2021 to 39 today  nearly doubling in size and adding tremendous amounts of expertise throughout our business. Thanks to proactive cost and cash management and sufficient cash to support the current portfolio  Hyloris is geared for an acceleration of its strategy with an increased focus on repurposed products bringing more value to underserved patient populations and Hyloris shareholders. We reviewed around 200 opportunities in 2022 and aim to grow the portfolio to 30 product candidates and marketed products before 2025. I am excited about the opportunities we are currently evaluating and eager to disclose new deals to our shareholders in the near future.”New product candidates added to the pipelineHY-083 was announced in November 2022. This novel  proprietary formulation will be administered intranasally to treat idiopathic rhinitis. Idiopathic rhinitis is a medical disorder characterized by a nasal symptoms that resemble nasal allergies and hay fever (allergic rhinitis) but are not related to a known cause like allergens or infectious triggers.Idiopathic rhinitis features an overexpression of TRPV1-receptors in the nasal mucosa giving rise to nasal obstruction (a stuffy nose)  rhinorrhea (a runny nose) and sneezing  chronically affecting quality of life in patients. Our product candidate aims to activate and depolarize these receptors in the nose.An estimated 7% of the world population is affected by idiopathic rhinitis  representing an estimated 19 million people in the U.S. alone. 13% of them have moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis  leading them to actively seek out specialist care. Hyloris seeks to offer a new  unique  safe and approved targeted therapy treatment option.HY-088 was announced in January 2023  the Company in-licensed the technology to develop development of an oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia  a mineral deficiency in the blood. In severe forms  this condition can be life threatening. The condition can result in muscle and bone weakness  respiratory or heart failure  seizures or coma amongst others.There is a wide range of underlying conditions leading to hypophosphatemia which could be hereditary (such as X-linked hypophosphatemia  hypophosphatemic rickets  osteomalacia  Cushing syndrome) or acquired (anorexia nervosa  recovery phase of diabetes-related ketoacidosis  alcohol withdrawal  respiratory alkalosis  long term use of diuretic and phosphate binders).Chronic hypophosphatemia can become life threatening  making direct treatment of the hypophosphatemia desirable in cases where treating the underlying condition does not solve the mineral deficiency.It is estimated hypophosphatemia affects around 5% of hospitalized patients  and a subpopulation needs direct treatment during and/or after their hospital stay.Treatment protocols for patients deficient in phosphate are well-established and have proven useful in other situations of bone mineral imbalance. Oral administration is the preferred way of treating hypophosphatemia  although in most countries no approved drugs exist. Currently  physicians mostly rely on compounded drugs which have  by definition  not been submitted for regulatory scrutiny regarding safety  efficacy  and quality.Further commercial roll-outMaxigesic® IV  a unique combination of paracetamol and ibuprofen used for post-operative non-opioid pain management  is currently licensed to partners covering over 100 countries across the globe.During 2022 and early 2023:A Complete Response Letter from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was received  stating that it was unable to complete its review  requesting additional information relating to potential leachable and extractable compounds expected to be present in the drug product based on the drug product packaging. Importantly  the agency did not report any issues related to the data generated during the clinical development program.Hyloris and its partners believe to be able to address the recommendations made and resubmit Maxigesic® IV before the summer of 2023 with a potential New Drug Application (NDA) approval by the end of 2023. The non-opioid analgesic space and the market for post-operative pain is growing rapidly and is forecasted to reach $1.7 billion in 2028 in the U.S.  up from $745 million in 2019. 1Submissions were made in 15 countries in Asia  Africa and Latin America  including large pharmaceutical markets such as Canada and Mexico.Marketing authorizations have been granted in several countries including Italy  Norway  Indonesia  The Netherlands  Finland  Singapore and Hong Kong.Launches occurred in 7 countries including Denmark  Sweden  Finland  Norway and The Netherlands. Imminent launches are expected in several additional countries  bringing the total number of countries where Maxigesic® IV will be available up to more than 20.4 U.S. patents were granted to Hyloris  ranging in expiry between 2035 and 2039.Sotalol IV is a novel  intravenous  patented  IV formulation of Sotalol for the treatment of atrial fibrillation and life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias developed for the U.S. market. In 2022 further commercial efforts were made to accelerate commercial roll-out  inclusion in hospital drug formularies and clinical education of hospital staff.Other commercial highlightsTranexamic Acid RTUOut-licensing agreements were signed in early 2023  covering an important European country and a major Southeast Asian country  with a combined population of over 60 million people. Earlier agreements have been signed in 2021 for Australia  New-Zealand and Canada.In doing so  the Company confirms its strategy to out-license near the end of the product development and to prioritize downstream revenue of the product candidates over upfront milestone payments. Regulatory submission in the partnered territories is expected within 2023  and additional out-licensing agreements are expected  going forward.Thomas Jacobsen  chief business development officer of Hyloris  commented: “Thanks to recent out-licensing deals  the previously untapped global potential of tranexamic acid RTU was brought further into view. We now believe the future sales volume for tranexamic acid RTU outside of the United States could outpace the future sales volume within the U.S.”Tranexamic acid RTU is an antifibrinolytic drug. By inhibiting the fibrinolysis  tranexamic acid promotes the formation of blood clotsHY-038In December 2022  the Company out-licensed HY-038  a generic and non-core asset for an out-licensing fee of €1 million. In doing so  Hyloris highlighted its increased focus on repurposed product candidates which offer a bigger difference in patient outcomes  as well as a higher expected return on investment.Cardiovascular portfolioin Q4 of 2022  Hyloris and its development partner API renegotiated specific commercial agreements. As a consequence  no further royalties are payable on Sotalol IV to API  except if the in-market net product sales exceed USD 100 million. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million.R&D updateIn 2022  R&D activities have progressed on all fronts  bringing our range of 14 product candidates and 3 high-barrier generic products closer to market in different ways  following in the footsteps of 2 products which are already marketed today. Some development timelines were impacted by the Covid19-pandemic and the required transfer of manufacturing activities to alternative third-party manufacturers. Multiple discussions are being held with regulatory agencies and partners to confirm and validate development plans.A new and improved R&D lab is under construction at Légiapark in Liège (Belgium)  where our head office moved after the summer of 2022. This will allow the Company to perform drug formulation and analytical activities in-house for its growing pipeline  further streamlining processes and more effectively deploying internal resources.C ardiovascular portfolioIn its entirety  the cardiovascular portfolio covers a broad range of indications in the biggest therapeutic segment globally. With products advancing through or towards the clinical study phase  Hyloris expects to make impactful differences in patients’ lives.Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include:Aspirin IV: The clinical phase of the study assessing the pharmacokinetics has been completed in 2022. Preliminary data has shown faster onset and good tolerability of Aspirin IV with more analytical work required. An additional clinical study is under preparation.A strategic review led to a change in the contract manufacturing organisation (CMO) for the manufacture of registration batches for the New Drug Application (NDA).Aspirin IV is an intravenous (IV) formulation of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Aspirin is not available in the U.S. as an IV product.Milrinone: Hyloris has contracted a CDMO for development and manufacturing. A successful Type C meeting with the FDA was concluded  confirming development plans for a novel  extended-release formulation offering convenient oral dosing for a selected population of end-stage heart failure (HF) patients.HY-074: The FDA has confirmed the development of the proposed formulation can be pursued. Hyloris is preparing for the manufacturing of validation and registration batches. Non-clinical work is expected to finish before H2 of 2023.HY-074 is an intravenous formulation of current standard of care treatment for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to offer faster onset of action (and thereby potentially reducing the risk of death)  more convenient administration (more notably in patients who are nauseated or unconscious)  and dosage control. It is currently available in oral form  which should allow for an optimal switching strategy from the oral form to an IV.Dofetilide IV: Both formulation development and non-clinical studies have been successfully completed. A new CMO was contracted to ensure reliable development and supply  hereby incurring a delay as a consequence of the transfer.Other Value- A dded ProgramsOur added-value programs are progressing well. Several discussions are ongoing with regulatory agencies to confirm and validate development plans.Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include:Tranexamic Acid Oral Mouth Rinse (previously HY-004): Positive Phase 1-results showed that HY-004 was found to be well-tolerated under varied conditions with no serious adverse events following tooth extraction. Hyloris also plans to investigate its use for broader related indications in patients undergoing oral surgical procedures with or without bleeding disorders that would benefit from a locally acting antifibrinolytic agent. Recruitment for a Phase 3 study will have started before H2 of 2023.Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide: Recruitment for the phase 2 clinical trial is completed and last patient last visit (LPLV) will have occurred by Q2 2023. The results of this Phase 2 study will guide the Company for the preparation and design of the next clinical trial.Hyloris is co-funding the development of Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide  a topical synergistic combination treatment for Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis (rVVC)  a chronic and debilitating vaginal infection commonly caused by the yeast Candida albicans. This condition affects nearly 10% of women during their lifetime. MCZ/DB has a strong scientific and business rationale.AlenuraTM: Multiple clinical trials are expected to start throughout 2023  including a four-arm Phase 2  prospective  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  multi-center  single-dose  pharmacodynamic study comparing AlenuraTM to its 2 individual components (alkalinized lidocaine and heparin) as well as placebo.AlenuraTM  is a first-line drug treatment for acute pain in interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (IC/BPS)  a condition affecting at least 6 million people in the U.S. AlenuraTM is a patented  innovative  clinical-stage bladder instillation product candidate that combines lidocaine in a new alkalinized form with heparin. Thanks to the novel dual mode-of-action  AlenuraTM has the unique potential to i) immediately relieve pain  and ii) augment the mucous inner layer of the bladder wall.Plecoid Agents: The definition of the preferred formulation has progressed significantly in anticipation of clinical trials.These chelating agents could improve the effectiveness of existing chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and small cell lung cancer (SCLC). Previous studies suggested that elevated levels of toxic metals are associated with inferior survival in patients with AML (160.000 patients globally).Atomoxetine oral liquid: An innovative taste masking strategy was deployed  targeting a preferred taste for young patients  following FDA feedback.Atomoxetine is used primarily for the treatment of patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This product candidate allows for improved dosing (as patient specific dosing is also in part based on body weight) and convenience. Other oral liquid products in this therapeutic segment have captured significant market share in competition with oral solids  underlining the need for a (novel) oral liquid formulation of Atomoxetine.HY-029: A successful pilot study demonstrating bioequivalence was completed in 2022. A pivotal study can be expected to start in H2 of 2023. Industrial batch manufacturing has been conducted to demonstrate pharmaceutical quality of the medicinal product and robustness of the manufacturing process.HY-029 is a liquid formulation of an existing antiviral drug that is currently only available in oral solid form.Management & Board changesBoth the C-level executives and all board members remained in their respective positions  providing continuity in the company's leadership.Business OutlookWith 16 reformulated and repurposed molecules  and 3 high-barrier generics  several clinical trials are expected to start and/or finish within 2023.The Company aims to accelerate growth of the product pipeline  with the end goal of reaching 30 product candidates before 2025.Assuming continued strategic out-licensing  commercial success for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  additional non-dilutive funding and milestone payments  the Company believes it is sufficiently capitalized to execute the full development of the current pipeline assets (14 product candidates  3 generics and 2 commercial products).Webcast detailsThe Company will host a webcast conducted in English to present its 2022 annual results and 2023 Business Outlook  followed by a live Q&A session. The webcast will start on March 16th 2023 at 2PM CET / 1PM GMT / 9AM EST. To join the webcast  please register at Hyloris.com/webcastFINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 2022Year ended 31 December (in € thousand) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues 2.951 3.096 -4 7% Cost of sales (94) (107) Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) 100 8% General and administration expenses (3 517) (2 900) 21 3% Shares’ issuance related expenses - - Earnings/losses from Associates and joint ventures (130) (191) -31 9% Other operating result 303 (5 381) Operating result (10 638) (10 541) 0 9% Net financial result (127) (741) -82 9% Income Taxes (4) (297) -98 7% Result for the period (10 770) (11 579) -7 0% Net operating cash flow (13 154) (11 250) 16 9% Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 -13 1%Financial Review 2022Income statementIn 2022  total revenues remained stable around €3 million  driven by increased royalties received for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  the out-licensing agreement of €1 million for HY-038 with QliniQ  IP and regulatory services rendered to development partners.In 2021  most revenue was comprised of one-time milestone payment (€1.8 million) related to Maxigesic® IV.Research and development expenses increased to €10.15 million in 2022 versus €5.06 million in 2021  in line with several product candidates maturing from early to late-stage development  as well as the expansion of the number of product candidates and increased headcount of the research and development team.Total general and administrative expenses amounted to €3.52 million versus €2.90 million last year and is mainly explained by additional communication and legal/HR costs. The company remains focus on strong cost and cash management.As a result  Hyloris closed 2022 with an operating loss of €10.64 million. This was mainly driven by increased R&D expenses for supporting the development of the portfolio.The net financial loss in 2022 was €0.13 million. Financial income amounted to €0.47 million  comprising mostly a net currency gain of €0.40 million and interest received on deposits of €0.07 million  versus €0.03 million last year.Financial expenses amounted to €0.59 million versus €0.77 million in 2021 and comprised mostly the impact of the interest rates renegotiation of the shareholder loans  bank interest expenses  currency losses and bank fees. In 2022  Hyloris successfully renegotiated the terms of the shareholder loans  resulting in lower interest rates.As a result  net losses in 2022 decreased to €10.77 million versus €11.58 million in 2021.Statement of financial positionThe Company’s non-current assets mainly consist of (1) investments in joint ventures of € 3.9 million at year-end 2022  (2) intangible assets of €3.6 million at year-end 2022 including capitalized development  purchased assets and in-licensing costs  versus €2.94 million in 2021  (3) the conversion of the loan to Pleco into shares of €1.0 million  (4) a prepayment of future royalties to API of $0.7 million and (5) a tax credit. Hyloris does not capitalize research and development expenses until the filing for a marketing authorization for the applicable product candidate. Research and development expenditures incurred during the period were accounted for as operating expenses. When an intangible asset is acquired and capitalized  the amortization begins when the asset is available for commercialization.The Company’s current assets mainly consist of €43.46 million in cash and cash equivalents on total assets of €61.86 million  and trade and other receivables of €5.13 million which mainly consist of services rendered to partners  milestones from AFT related to Maxigesic and out-licensing revenue (€1.0 million) from Qliniq.In 2022  Hyloris raised an amount of €15 million in gross proceeds via an accelerated bookbuild  offering 967 742 new shares  the capital and share premium increased with respectively €6 thousand and €2.83 million through the exercise of 1 200 000 outstanding transactions warrants leading to company’s equity amounted to €55.04 million.By year-end all shareholder loans were repaid  making the Company free of any financial debt on 31 December 2022. The same shareholders expressed their conditional willingness to support the Company with a renewed shareholder loan in the future if needed.Cash flow statementNet cash outflow from operating activities was €13.15 million in 2022  compared to €11.25 million in 2021. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million to API.Net cash outflow from investing activities was €1.24 million in 2022  compared to €3.08 million in 2021  and mainly related to investments in joint ventures  capital expenditure and capitalization of development expenses.The financing activities amounted to a net cash inflow of €7.84 million in 2022 compared to a net cash outflow of €0.06 million in 2021 mainly driven by the net proceeds from the private placement via an accelerated bookbuild for net proceeds of €14.34 million  proceeds from the execution of transaction warrants for €2.83 million and the reimbursement of the shareholder loans for €9.28 million including accumulated interest.Consequently  the cash and cash equivalents amounted to €43.46 million end of 2022 versus €50.01 million at the end of 2021.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31ASSETS(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Non-current assets 11 063 9 485 Intangible assets 3 607 2 944 Property  plant and equipment 176 122 Right-of-use assets 885 173 Equity accounted investments 3 948 4 079 Other investment  including derivatives 1.000 453 Trade and other receivables 1.447 1.714 Current assets 50 801 53 959 Trade and other receivables 5 127 2 321 Other investment  including derivatives 469 528 Prepayments 1 748 1 098 Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 TOTAL ASSETS 61 863 63 444 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Equity 55.045 48.056 Share capital 140 129 Share premium 121 513 103 693 Retained earnings (53 476) (43 226) Result of the period (10 770) (11 579) Share based payment 1.621 2.391 Cost of Capital (4 460) (3 827) Other reserves 476 476 Non-current liabilities 1.047 409 Borrowings 747 109 Other financial liabilities 300 300 Current liabilities 5 772 14 978 Borrowings 138 65 Other financial liabilities 3 212 11 815 Trade and other liabilities 2 422 2 749 Current tax liabilities - 349 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 61 863 63 444CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31in € thousands 2022 2021 Revenue 2 951 3 096 Cost of sales (94) (107) Gross profit 2 857 2 988 Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) Selling  general and administrative expenses (3 517) (29) Share of result of equity-accounted investees  net of tax (130) (191) Other operating income 315 389 Other operating expenses (12) (5.770) Operating profit/(loss) (EBIT) (10 638) (10 541) Financial income 466 32 Financial expenses (594) (773) Profit/(loss) before taxes (10 766) (11 282) Income taxes (4) (297) PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD (10 770) (11 579)CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31(in thousands of euros)Attributable to equity holders of the Company Total Equity Share capitalShare premiumOther reserves Retained earningsShare-based payment reserve Cost of Capital Other reserves Balance at December 31  2021 129 103 693 2 391 (3 827) 476 (54 805) 48 056 Private Placement Via an Accelerated Bookbuild Offering 5 14 995 (634) 14 366 Equity Transaction via Transaction Warrants 6 2 826 (1 329) 1 329 2 832 Share-based payments 560 560 Total comprehensive income (10 770) (10 770) Balance at December 31  2022 140 121 513 1 622 (4 460) 476 (64 246) 55 045CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31in € thousands 2022 2021 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net result (10 770) (11 579) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation  amortisation and impairments 196 137 Share-based payment expense 560 576 Derivatives financial instruments 52 - R&D Tax Credit (315) - Interest expenses on shareholders loans 164 - Loss on drecognition of shareholders loans 486 198 Equity transaction costs 29 - Losses from Associates and joint ventures 130 191 Losses on disposal of PPE 16 Other non-cash adjustments 16 (1) Changes in working capital: Trade and other receivables (2 230) (2 068) Other investment  including derivatives (27) (1 627) Prepayments (650) 856 Trade and Other liabilities (468) Other current and non-current liabilities - 2.063 Cash generated from operations (12 812) (11 253) Interest paid 7 3 Income Taxes paid (349) Net cash generated from operating activities (13 154) (11 250) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property  plant and equipment (101) (107) Purchases of Intangible assets (638) (954) Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets - 219 Acquisition of Other Investments (500) (21) Investments in associates and joint ventures - (1 270) Repayment received from other financial assets - 216 Payment of other financial assets - (1 157) Discontinued operations Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (1 239) (3 075) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Reimbursements of borrowings and other financial liabilities (7 376) Reimbursements of lease liabilities (79) (62) Proceeds from other non-current liabilities 0 - Proceeds from Private Placement via ABB 14 337 - Proceeds from Execution Transactions Warrants 2 832 - Interests paid (1 877) - Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 7 838 (62) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (6 555) (14 387) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at beginning of year 50 012 64 399 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at end of year  calculated 43 457 50 012Audit ReportThe statutory auditor  KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren - Réviseurs d’Entreprises  represented by Olivier Declercq  has confirmed that the audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material misstatement in the accounting information included in the Company’s annual announcement.About Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SAHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimising existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development and registration phase. Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialisation with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit https://hyloris.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares.Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.1 DelveInsight Market Research Report (2020)Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.13,0.65,True,English,"['full year results', 'business outlook', 'Hyloris', '2022', 'approved targeted therapy treatment option', 'Potential U.S. market approval', 'moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis', 'additional Tranexamic Acid RTU', 'Strong R&D progress', 'oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia', 'R&D expenses', 'chief executive officer', 'Several clinical trials', 'novel, proprietary formulation', 'long term use', 'new, unique, safe', 'attractive commercial deals', 'financial debt Webcast', 'specialty biopharma company', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'unmet medical needs', 'bone mineral imbalance', 'new product candidates', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Other pipeline assets', 'market authorization', 'severe forms', 'new deals', '30 product candidates', 'Oral administration', 'direct treatment', 'Treatment protocols', 'bone weakness', 'other situations', 'commercial roll-out', 'unique combination', 'allergic rhinitis', 'medical disorder', 'mineral deficiency', 'English French', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'net loss', '2PM CET', 'Liège', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '7PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'operational results', 'financial markets', 'healthcare sector', 'rapid pace', 'real solutions', 'upcoming years', 'tremendous amounts', 'proactive cost', 'patient populations', 'near future', 'nasal symptoms', 'nasal allergies', 'hay fever', 'infectious triggers', 'nasal mucosa', 'nasal obstruction', 'world population', '19 million people', 'specialist care', 'heart failure', 'wide range', 'underlying conditions', 'hypophosphatemic rickets', 'Cushing syndrome', 'anorexia nervosa', 'recovery phase', 'diabetes-related ketoacidosis', 'alcohol withdrawal', 'hospital stay', 'most countries', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'cash equivalents', 'cash management', 'sufficient cash', 'stuffy nose', 'runny nose', 'X-linked hypophosphatemia', 'Chronic hypophosphatemia', 'business outlook', 'difficult year', 'respiratory alkalosis', 'preferred way', 'compounded drugs', 'current portfolio', 'hospitalized patients', 'Hyloris shareholders', '30 assets', 'H2', 'innovation', 'track', 'acceleration', 'Revenues', '1PM', 'Belgium', '15 March', '31 December', 'strategy', 'early', 'licensing', 'course', 'team', 'year-end', 'headcount', 'size', 'expertise', 'focus', 'repurposed', 'products', 'value', '200 opportunities', 'November', 'cause', 'allergens', 'overexpression', 'TRPV1-receptors', 'rise', 'rhinorrhea', 'sneezing', 'quality', 'life', 'January', 'technology', 'development', 'blood', 'muscle', 'seizures', 'coma', 'others', 'osteomalacia', 'diuretic', 'binders', 'cases', 'subpopulation', 'physicians', 'definition', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'paracetamol', 'ibuprofen', 'post-ope', '2023']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20583,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RINGKJOBING-LANDBOBANK-A-35018541/news/Duty-of-disclosure-Transactions-in-shares-in-Ringkjobing-Landbobank-A-S-43251584/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Duty of disclosure: Transactions in shares in Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S,(marketscreener.com) Nasdaq Copenhagen London Stock Exchange Euronext Dublin Other Stakeholders Duty of disclosure: Transactions in shares in Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S hereby reports on transactions in Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S sh…,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther StakeholdersDuty of disclosure: Transactions in shares in Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/SRingkjøbing Landbobank A/S hereby reports on transactions in Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S shares carried out by persons who have a duty of disclosure  in compliance with Article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation.For further details  please be referred to the attached templates for notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them.Kind regards John FiskerCEOEnc.:Transaction templatesAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S', 'Duty', 'disclosure', 'Transactions', 'shares', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'John Fisker CEO', 'Other Stakeholders Duty', 'Transaction templates Attachments', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'managerial responsibilities', 'Kind regards', 'public disclosure', 'Transactions', 'persons', 'compliance', 'Article', 'details', 'attached', 'notification', 'Enc.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20584,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATEME-16917716/news/Ateme-UPDATED-FINANCIAL-CALENDAR-FOR-2023-43254444/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Ateme :  UPDATED FINANCIAL CALENDAR FOR 2023,(marketscreener.com)  Ateme   the global specialist in video delivery  announces its updated financial communication agenda for 2023.As the Board of Directors' meeting to approve the financial statements has been postponed to April 5 for schedule matters …,"Ateme (ISIN: FR0011992700)  the global specialist in video delivery  announces its updated financial communication agenda for 2023.As the Board of Directors' meeting to approve the financial statements has been postponed to April 5 for schedule matters  the Full Year 2022 Results will be published on April 6  2023 after Euronext market closingFirst Quarter 2023 Revenues on May 10  before market openingThe company will also hold its annual Tech Day in the afternoon of May 10  2023 in ParisThe next meetings remain unchanged as follows:Wednesday  June 7  2023 General meeting Wednesday  July 12  2023 (after market closing) 2023 Half-Year Revenues Thursday  September 28  2023 (after market closing) 2023 Half-Year Results Wednesday  November 8  2023 (after market closing) 2023 Third Quarter RevenuesCalendar of publication dates for reference only  subject to change if necessary.About Ateme: Ateme is a global leader of video compression and delivery solutions helping Tier-1 Content Providers  Service Providers and Streaming Platforms to boost their viewership and subscription engagement.Leveraging a unique R&D task force in the video industry  Ateme's solutions power green sustainable TV services  improve end-users' quality of experience  optimize the total cost of ownership of TV/VOD services and generate new revenue streams based on personalization and ad insertion. Beyond the technology agility  Ateme's value proposition is to partner with his customers by offering a great flexibility in the engagement and business models matching their financial priorities. A consequence is a rapid shift to Recurring Revenues  boosting the company resilience and creating long term value for the shareholders.Founded in 1991  Ateme has 520 employees spread over its headquarters in France and 20 offices around the world including the USA  Brazil  Argentina  UK  Spain  Germany  the UAE  Singapore  China  Korea  and Australia.Ateme has been listed on the Paris Euronext market since 2014 and in November 2020 it made the acquisition of Anevia  a provider of OTT and IPTV software solutions. In 2022  Ateme served close to 1 000 customers worldwide with revenues of €90 million  of which more than 90% outside its home market.Find out more: www.ateme.com.Name: ATEME - ISIN Code: FR0011992700 - Ticker: ATEME - Compartment: CAteme INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Michel ArtièresPresident and CEO Anne-Catherine BonjourTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93ateme@actus.fr Amaury DugastTel: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xW2clcVnkmuax2ppaMdqbpRrmphqlWSYmGqVyJJuapiWcJ5lmJxlbpfGZnBpnmpm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78950-2023-financial-caldendar-update_150323_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.52,0.48,0.0,True,English,"['UPDATED FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Ateme', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS PRESS RELATIONS Michel Artières', 'unique R&D task force', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'annual Tech Day', 'new revenue streams', 'Tier-1 Content Providers', 'sustainable TV services', 'long term value', 'financial communication agenda', 'First Quarter 2023 Revenues', '2023 Third Quarter Revenues', 'IPTV software solutions', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Euronext market closing', 'Full Year 2022 Results', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Paris Euronext market', 'next meetings', 'Half-Year Results', 'Service Providers', 'TV/VOD services', 'value proposition', 'other releases', 'financial statements', 'financial priorities', 'market opening', 'home market', '2023 Half-Year Revenues', 'Recurring Revenues', 'global specialist', 'video delivery', ""Directors' meeting"", 'schedule matters', 'General meeting', 'global leader', 'video compression', 'delivery solutions', 'Streaming Platforms', 'video industry', ""end-users' quality"", 'total cost', 'ad insertion', 'technology agility', 'great flexibility', 'business models', 'rapid shift', 'ISIN Code', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'Amaury Dugast', 'publication dates', 'subscription engagement', 'Regulated information', 'company resilience', 'C Ateme', 'Board', 'April', 'May', 'afternoon', 'Wednesday', 'June', 'September', 'Calendar', 'reference', 'change', 'viewership', 'green', 'experience', 'ownership', 'personalization', 'customers', 'consequence', 'shareholders', '520 employees', 'headquarters', 'France', '20 offices', 'world', 'USA', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'UK', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'UAE', 'Singapore', 'China', 'Korea', 'Australia', 'November', 'acquisition', 'Anevia', 'OTT', 'Name', 'Ticker', 'Compartment', 'President', 'CEO', 'Tel', 'PDF', 'email', '33']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20585,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNOPROBE-S-P-A-133432182/news/Technoprobe-S-p-A-Update-on-exposure-to-Silicon-Valley-Bank-Financial-Group-March-15th-2023-43246527/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Technoprobe S p A : Update on exposure to Silicon Valley Bank Financial Group - March 15th  2023,(marketscreener.com) Italy www.technoprobe.com   PRESS RELEASE   Cernusco Lombardone   March 15  2023 - Technoprobe S.p.A.  a company listed on Euronext Growth Milan and leader in the design and production of Probe Cards with reference to the communicat…,"Technoprobe S.p.A.Via Cavalieri di Vittorio Veneto  223870  Cernusco Lombardone (LC) - Italy www.technoprobe.comPRESS RELEASECernusco Lombardone (LC)  March 15  2023 - Technoprobe S.p.A.  a company listed on Euronext Growth Milan and leader in the design and production of Probe Cards (the ""Company"" or ""Technoprobe"") with reference to the communication released on March 12  2023 relating to the funds held at the Silicon Valley Bank Financial Group  announces to have again full availability of the same.***This press release will be available on Technoprobe's website www.technoprobe.com  in the Investor Relations section/Financial Press Releases.Contacts Technoprobe S.p.A. Technoprobe S.p.A. Investor Relator Communication & Marketing Manager Ines Di Terlizzi Paolo Cavallotti Email: ir@technoprobe.com Email:paolo.cavallotti@technoprobe.com Euronext Growth Advisor e Specialist Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia n. 1 Milano Email: ega@mediobanca.com Tel: +39 02 88291Technoprobe GroupTechnoprobe is a leading company in the semiconductor and microelectronics industry. Established in 1996 from a business idea of its founder Giuseppe Crippa  Technoprobe specialises in the design and manufacture of electromechanical interfaces called Probe Cards for chip function testing. Its business sector is non-memory semiconductor or SOC (system on chip) testing. The Group is Italy's only Probe Card manufacturer and one of the world leaders in terms of volume and turnover. Within its portfolio of collaborations and partnerships  the Group includes the world's major manufacturers of microchips in the microelectronics  IT and digital sectors. Probe Cards are high-tech devices  tailor-made to the specific chip  that allow the functioning of chips to be tested during their construction process. These are technological designs and solutions that ensure the operation and reliability of devices that play a decisive role in the Information Technology industry  5G  Internet of Things  home automation  automotive  aerospace and more. Today  the Technoprobe Group is an ever-expanding research and innovation technology hub with about 2 700 employees (of which about 1 700 are in Italy)  3 research centres and over 600 certified patents. In Italy  the Group has its registered office in Cernusco Lombardone (LC)  on the outskirts of Milan  where there is also a production centre occupying a covered area of approximately 18 000 square metres. In addition  the Group has two other production plants in Italy: the first of about 3 000 square metres in Agrate Brianza (MB)  and the second of about 5 000 square metres in Osnago (LC). Finally  the Group has another 11 locations worldwide  spread across Europe (France  Germany)  Asia (Taiwan  South Korea  China  Japan Philippines and Singapore) and the United States (two locations in California).Technoprobe S.p.A. - Partita IVA e Codice Fiscale 02272540135 - Capitale Sociale € 6.010.000 - R.E.A. 283619All rights reserved. The COPYRIGHT of this document is property of TECHNOPROBE S.p.A. No part of this document may be copied  reprinted or reproduced in any material form  whether wholly or in part  without a written consent. The contents or methods or techniques contained herein are CONFIDENTIAL  therefore must not be disclosed to any other person or company or entity.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank Financial Group', 'Technoprobe S', 'Update', 'exposure', 'March', 'Contacts Technoprobe S.p.A. Technoprobe S.p.A.', 'Credito Finanziario S.p.A.', 'Silicon Valley Bank Financial Group', 'Ines Di Terlizzi Paolo Cavallotti', 'two other production plants', 'R.E.A.', 'Financial Press Releases', 'Investor Relations section', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia', 'innovation technology hub', 'Information Technology industry', 'Probe Card manufacturer', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'Investor Relator Communication', 'paolo.cavallotti', 'Banca di', 'Technoprobe Group', 'other person', 'Probe Cards', 'production centre', 'Via Cavalieri', 'Vittorio Veneto', 'Cernusco Lombardone', 'full availability', 'Marketing Manager', 'microelectronics industry', 'business idea', 'Giuseppe Crippa', 'electromechanical interfaces', 'function testing', 'business sector', 'major manufacturers', 'digital sectors', 'construction process', 'technological designs', 'decisive role', 'home automation', 'expanding research', '3 research centres', '600 certified patents', 'registered office', 'covered area', '18,000 square metres', '3,000 square metres', 'Agrate Brianza', '5,000 square metres', 'South Korea', 'Japan Philippines', 'United States', 'Partita IVA', 'Codice Fiscale', 'Capitale Sociale', 'material form', 'written consent', 'chip) testing', 'specific chip', 'memory semiconductor', 'world leaders', 'high-tech devices', 'The Group', 'leading company', 'Italy', 'LC', 'reference', 'March', 'funds', 'website', 'Specialist', 'Mediobanca', 'Milano', 'Email', 'founder', 'terms', 'volume', 'turnover', 'portfolio', 'collaborations', 'partnerships', 'microchips', 'functioning', 'solutions', 'operation', 'reliability', '5G', 'Internet', 'Things', 'automotive', 'aerospace', '2,700 employees', 'outskirts', 'addition', 'Osnago', '11 locations', 'Europe', 'France', 'Germany', 'Asia', 'Taiwan', 'China', 'Singapore', 'California', 'rights', 'COPYRIGHT', 'document', 'property', 'contents', 'methods', 'techniques', 'entity']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20586,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2628219/0/en/Monthly-information-on-share-capital-and-company-voting-rights.html,Monthly information on share capital and company voting rights,(Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority) (Article 223-16 of General Regulation of the French financial markets authority),NEW YORK  March 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Listing market: Euronext GrowthISIN code: FR0010425595Date Total number of sharesin the capital Total number of voting rights 02/28/2023 55 583 768 61 651 088About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. As part of its commitment to a cure  Cellectis remains dedicated to its goal of providing lifesaving UCART product candidates for multiple cancers including acute myeloid leukemia (AML)  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and multiple myeloma (MM). .HEAL is a new platform focusing on hemopoietic stem cells to treat blood disorders  immunodeficiencies and lysosomal storage diseases.Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina.Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).For more information  visit www.cellectis.comFollow Cellectis on social media: @cellectis  LinkedIn and YouTube.For further information  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33776991433  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relation contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 (617) 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['company voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'lifesaving UCART product candidates', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'life-changing product candidates', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'unmet medical needs', 'Investor Relation contacts', 'Chief Business Officer', 'Ashley R. Robinson', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'lysosomal storage diseases', 'gene editing technology', 'Listing market', 'immune system', 'gene therapies', 'therapeutic gene', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'ISIN code', 'Total number', 'voting rights', 'life-saving cell', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR T-cells', 'cancer patients', 'various diseases', 'multiple cancers', 'multiple myeloma', 'new platform', 'blood disorders', 'North Carolina', 'social media', 'Media contact', 'Pascalyne Wilson', 'Arthur Stril', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'March', 'shares', 'capital', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', '23 years', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'part', 'commitment', 'cure', 'goal', 'AML', 'HEAL', 'immunodeficiencies', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'CLLS', 'ALCLS', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Director', 'Communications', 'Attachment', '®']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20587,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/96117/worldline-brings-global-payments-to-web3-with-solana,Worldline brings global payments to Web3 with Solana,Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has launched a strategic initiative with Solana  a high-performance blockchain platform designed for decentralised application and Web3 use cases such as gaming.,Source: WorldlineWorldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  has launched a strategic initiative with Solana  a high-performance blockchain platform designed for decentralised application and Web3 use cases such as gaming.This initiative  supported by the Solana Foundation  will allow all projects building on Solana direct access to Worldline’s Payment Orchestration platform. These projects will be integrated  allowing for providers to route payments automatically while offering the lowest fees and highest conversion.Solana  a layer one blockchain with 11.5 million active accounts and over 21.9 million minted NFTs  is a fast  secure censorship-resistant blockchain built for scale. It hosts and supports a huge array of Web3 businesses and Apps  working with platforms such as Meta and Google. Hundreds of blockchain companies that need access to payment systems will be able to use Worldline Payment Orchestration for direct access to Worldline’s 300+ payment partners and payment methods  removing the need for multiple payment integrations.Worldline Payment Orchestration is based on a single platform which manages all payments  regardless of how many providers are connected. From orchestrating payment providers  simple reporting tools  and adding new fiat on - and off - ramps without the need for integration  it represents the only payment orchestration tool that a customer needs to scale up its payment strategy. Worldline Payment Orchestration offers one platform interface to combine integrated fiat and crypto payment solutions  real-time analytics to monitor acceptance and conversion rates and enables smart payment routing based on real time data.Babouschka van Bilsen  Head of Metaverse  Web3 & Crypto at Worldline’s Digital Commerce business line  commented: “As Web3 develops  Worldline is dedicated to enabling merchants to ready themselves for a future based on blockchain technology. Working with Solana  allows Worldline to support their goal to empower developers and accelerate the development of amazing new Web3 games. Solana developers now have the capabilities and tools that allow their blockchain games to build their payments strategy from the ground up.”Johnny Lee  Head of Games at Solana Foundation  added: “Solana is very pleased to be working with Worldline. Our decision was based primarily upon Worldline’s extremely impressive and long-standing track record in the payments arena  together with Worldline Payment Orchestration’s unrivalled capabilities which will allow Solana’s blockchain games to offer their customers their preferred alternative payment methods.“One of the most pressing needs across web3 is seamless on- and off-ramps. Gaming studios building on Solana need access to robust payment rails capable of supporting fiat-to-crypto transactions worldwide. Worldline’s solution provides end users a single pathway to paying with their preferred method.”,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['global payments', 'Worldline', 'Web3', 'Solana', 'Digital Commerce business line', 'fast, secure censorship-resistant blockchain', 'preferred alternative payment methods', 'amazing new Web3 games', 'real time data', 'Babouschka van Bilsen', 'long-standing track record', '300+ payment partners', 'multiple payment integrations', 'payment orchestration tool', 'smart payment routing', 'robust payment rails', 'one platform interface', 'layer one blockchain', 'Payment Orchestration platform', 'high-performance blockchain platform', 'Web3 use cases', '11.5 million active accounts', 'simple reporting tools', 'crypto payment solutions', 'Worldline Payment Orchestration', 'new fiat', 'preferred method', 'blockchain games', 'payment services', 'payment systems', 'payment strategy', 'single platform', 'blockchain companies', 'blockchain technology', 'payment providers', 'global leader', 'decentralised application', 'lowest fees', 'highest conversion', 'huge array', 'Web3 businesses', 'integrated fiat', 'real-time analytics', 'conversion rates', 'Johnny Lee', 'pressing needs', 'crypto transactions', 'end users', 'single pathway', 'many providers', 'strategic initiative', 'direct access', 'payments strategy', 'payments arena', 'unrivalled capabilities', 'Gaming studios', 'Solana Foundation', 'Solana developers', '21.9 million', 'Source', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'projects', 'NFTs', 'scale', 'Apps', 'platforms', 'Meta', 'Google', 'Hundreds', 'ramps', 'customer', 'acceptance', 'Head', 'merchants', 'future', 'goal', 'development', 'ground', 'decision', 'impressive']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finextra.com
20588,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/report-promoting-sustainable-future-chinas-135600144.html,New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry,Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  and global management consulting firm...,"Accor  together with Trip.com Group and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  and global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company  today published a new educational whitepaper that examines the environmental impact of China's tourism sector  analyses Chinese travelers' sentiment towards sustainability and ultimately sets out actions key stakeholders in China's tourism sector need to take to foster sustainable travel. The pioneering survey identifies a series of sustainable changes that ought to be made  from the everyday to the systemic  which can support the travel and hospitality of tomorrow with the intention of becoming an informative industry reference tool for change. The report  entitled ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China""  proposes that by adopting a set of collaborative measures across the industry value chain  from guests to major global providers  China's tourism sector could move toward a more sustainable future.New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel IndustryNew Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel IndustryThe world is facing an unprecedented sustainability challenge and the Chinese tourism industry has a significant role in the required transformation of hospitality. According to the World Travel and Tourism Council  China is expected to have the world's largest tourism market by 2032 and  prior to the pandemic  was already one of the biggest global markets. Analysis for the whitepaper found the environmental impact of China's travel industry is substantial: tourism represented approximately 6-8% of China's total carbon emissions in 2019.Data from McKinsey found that Chinese travelers are engaged about their environmental impact and are starting to seek out sustainable alternatives  but the report found they may need more help understanding where to look. Trip.com Group found that 85% of Chinese travelers rate travel sustainability as important or very important  while 60% are concerned about climate change. However  the paper found  at the same time  that Chinese consumers are not yet used to the idea of paying extra for sustainable travel. As such  it is important to provide travelers guidance regarding sustainability costs  highlighting the industries' efforts to improve provision of sustainable offerings. This will increase willingness to pay by showing the burden to be shared and that price rises will only be short-term.Story continuesIn response to this  the report provides guidance on the actions that travelers can take to travel sustainably and to empower their own consumer decisions  including booking sustainable travel options with certified service providers  spending more time in one destination  and cultivating sustainable habits such as changing towels or bed linen less frequently and refusing to use single-use plastics in guest experience. Traveler behavior is just the first consideration the report highlights. Long-term sustainability will be achieved in tandem with initiatives from tourism providers  who hold a responsibility to inspire travelers' mindset.The whitepaper sets out a series of suggestions for the hospitality industry to support the Chinese traveler in their understanding of sustainable travel  inspire behavioural change and ultimately support the sector's journey towards a net positive model  one which gives more than it takes. Such recommendations include using technology platforms to make sustainable travel options more visible online  using labelling to ensure travelers are informed on the environmental impact of their actions  providing incentives to encourage sustainable behavior  and training employees to adopt a sustainability mindset.While greater traveler awareness and willingness to choose sustainable options combined with tourism providers' individual adoption of more sustainable practices can help China's travel sector realize ""quick-wins"" in sustainable impact  lasting sustainability improvements require collective industry-wide effort. The report concludes as a call to action for the hospitality industry to work together hand in hand to achieve sustainable transformation in China. This collaborative project is a starting point for this collective mindset  as a resource which can be used by guests and industry players alike in a united effort for positive change.At a press conference held at the iconic Fairmont Peace hotel in Shanghai  to launch the report  top executives from Accor  Trip.com Group  and McKinsey & Company shared their perspectives on sustainable travel in China.Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO Accor  said: ""People and sustainability are at the heart of everything we do. When it comes to sustainability there are no individuals  only collectives  and this paper represents a major step-forward for this collaborative industry approach. Impactful change cannot be made alone; transformation happens together. Traveling across China and around the world responsibly can connect people and Accor is proud to lead this collective journey  supporting local communities  protecting biodiversity  as well as sharing and engaging in more sustainable habits. Sustainability is crucial and we have been so pleased to work with our strategic partner Trip.com Group and trusted advisor and counselor McKinsey on this meaningful sustainability-focused White Paper to continue to drive positive change for our guests  talents and partners.""Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group  said: ""We are thrilled to be leading the charge for sustainable travel and promoting responsible tourism practices in the industry. Our commitment to harmonious coexistence between people and nature has driven us to implement green and environmental protection practices  such as our 'Green Tourism Goals'  which has already reached millions of global tourists. By collaborating with strategic partners  including Accor and McKinsey & Company  we aim to integrate the social and commercial value of green and environmental protection  creating new business growth opportunities for partners. Our goal is to pave the way for a more sustainable and responsible travel industry.""Jonathan Woetzel  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company and Director of McKinsey Global Institute said: ""The Chinese tourism industry is large enough to take the lead in advancing the sustainability agenda. As travelers resume their adventures  each step of their journey presents opportunities to make choices and take concrete actions that could immediately reduce their environmental footprint. But the burden is not on the traveler alone. Long-term change calls for collaboration between actors across the entire travel industry  from hotels and travel agencies to green investors and technology suppliers.""Download ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China"" – joint research in travel sustainability in China HERE.Download high resolution images: https://we.tl/t-0EcClCiNFpAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .Accor  towards net positive hospitalityAccor was the first hospitality Group to set an ambitious science-based emissions reduction target: -46% absolute emissions by 2030 compared to the 2019 base year  validated by the SBTi; with an ultimate goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050. To date  84% of hotels in the Accor network have also successfully removed 46 types of single use plastics in their guest experience and 97% of employees at a HQ level have completed the ""School for Change"" training to embed an ESG approach in every aspect of Accor business strategy and operations.About Trip.com GroupTrip.com Group is a leading global travel service provider comprising of Trip.com  Ctrip  Skyscanner  and Qunar. Across its platforms  Trip.com Group helps travellers around the world make informed and cost-effective bookings for travel products and services and enables partners to connect their offerings with users through the aggregation of comprehensive travel-related content and resources  and an advanced transaction platform consisting of apps  websites and 24/7 customer service centers. Founded in 1999 and listed on NASDAQ in 2003 and HKEX in 2021  Trip.com Group has become one of the best-known travel groups in the world  with the mission ""to pursue the perfect trip for a better world"". Find out more about Trip.com Group here: https://group.trip.com/About McKinsey & CompanyMcKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations realize sustainable  inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive change for all their stakeholders. We combine bold strategies and transformative technologies to help organizations innovate more sustainably  achieve lasting gains in performance  and build workforces that will thrive for this generation and the next.Today we have more than 1 400 partners  consultants  and professional support staff located across six locations in China: Beijing  Chengdu  Hong Kong  Shanghai  Shenzhen  and Taipei. Learn more about McKinsey Greater China at www.mckinsey.com/cnMedia contacts: Accor Global: Line Crieloue  line.crieloue@accor.com; Accor Greater China: Phyllis Sio  Phyllis.sio@accor.com; Trip.com Group: Trip.com Group Media team via prmedia@trip.com; McKinsey & Company: Ms. Xiaoyun Li  M: +86 157 0213 7190  E: xiaoyun_li@mckinsey.comNew Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel IndustryNew Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel IndustryNew Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel IndustryCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/apac/news-releases/new-report-promoting-a-sustainable-future-for-chinas-travel-industry-301773016.htmlSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.81,0.16,0.03,True,English,"['New Report', 'Sustainable Future', 'Travel Industry', 'China', 'leading global travel service provider', 'iconic Fairmont Peace hotel', 'global management consulting firm', 'informative industry reference tool', 'biggest global markets', 'certified service providers', 'major global providers', 'Trip.com Group', 'total carbon emissions', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'net positive model', 'industry value chain', 'greater traveler awareness', 'largest tourism market', 'collective industry-wide effort', 'unprecedented sustainability challenge', 'lasting sustainability improvements', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'collaborative industry approach', ""Chinese travelers' sentiment"", 'sustainable travel options', 'new educational whitepaper', 'Chinese tourism industry', 'tourism providers', 'sustainable options', 'Travel Industry', 'collective mindset', 'united effort', 'industry players', 'collaborative measures', 'Chinese consumers', 'Traveler behavior', 'collaborative project', 'eco-friendly travel', 'positive change', 'hospitality industry', 'travel sustainability', 'Tourism Council', 'sustainable changes', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable alternatives', 'sustainable offerings', 'sustainable habits', 'sustainable behavior', 'sustainable practices', 'sustainable impact', 'sustainable transformation', 'travel sector', 'consumer recommendations', 'environmental impact', 'key stakeholders', 'pioneering survey', 'significant role', 'required transformation', ""industries' efforts"", 'price rises', 'consumer decisions', 'one destination', 'bed linen', 'single-use plastics', 'guest experience', 'first consideration', 'Such recommendations', 'technology platforms', 'individual adoption', 'starting point', 'press conference', 'top executives', 'tourism sector', 'sustainability costs', 'Long-term sustainability', 'sustainability mindset', ""travelers' mindset"", 'climate change', 'behavioural change', 'New Report', 'World Travel', 'same time', 'travelers guidance', 'CEO Accor', 'McKinsey', 'China', 'series', 'SHANGHAI', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'Company', 'actions', 'everyday', 'systemic', 'tomorrow', 'intention', 'path', 'guests', 'pandemic', 'Analysis', 'Data', 'help', 'idea', 'provision', 'willingness', 'burden', 'Story', 'response', 'towels', 'tandem', 'initiatives', 'responsibility', 'suggestions', 'understanding', 'journey', 'labelling', 'incentives', 'employees', 'quick-wins', 'call', 'hand', 'resource', 'perspectives', 'Chairman', 'People', 'heart', 'everything', 'individuals', 'collectives', '6']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20589,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEVELOT-S-A-9293384/news/GEVELOT-S-A-Weekly-report-of-share-buyback-March-15-2023-43254412/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback March 15  2023,(marketscreener.com) GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback March 15  2023 15-March-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this an…,GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback March 15  202315-March-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.GEVELOT Société Anonyme au capital de 26 932 500 euros Siège Social : 6  boulevard Bineau 92300 LEVALLOIS-PERRET 562 088 542 R.C.S. NANTERRE _________________________ Levallois  le 15 mars 2023 Déclaration hebdomadaire des transactions sur actions propres du 08 au 14 mars 2023 (ISIN : FR0000033888) Nom de l'émetteur Code Identifiant de l'émetteur Jour de la transaction Code identifiant de l'instrument financier Volume total journalier (en nombre d'actions) Prix pondéré moyen journalier d'acquisition des actions Marché GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 08/03/2023 FR0000033888 1 193 0000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 09/03/2023 FR0000033888 8 192 5000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 10/03/2023 FR0000033888 8 192 5000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 13/03/2023 FR0000033888 8 191 5000 XPAR Ces transactions n’ont pas donné lieu à l’utilisation d’instruments dérivés. Dépôt : Site internet Gévelot ; Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Weekly report of share buyback March 15  2023,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['GEVELOT S.A.', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF file File', '26 932 500 euros Siège Social', 'R.C.S. NANTERRE', 'GEVELOT Société Anonyme', 'French Regulatory News', 'instrument financier Volume', 'Dépôt', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'émetteur Code Identifiant', 'Déclaration', 'XPAR GEVELOT', 'Marché GEVELOT', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'EQS Group', '6, boulevard Bineau', 'Site internet', 'Gévelot', 'moyen journalier', '191,5000 XPAR', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'capital', 'LEVALLOIS-PERRET', '15 mars', 'transactions', '14 mars', 'Nom', 'Prix', 'acquisition', 'lieu', 'utilisation', 'instruments', '08']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20590,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4115425.html,Introducing Accor’s ’Hospitality Ahead’ Report: Insights Into the Transformations Impacting Our Industry,What are travelers’ new expectations? How to find the right balance between digital and human in the guest experience? How are loyalty programs transforming to better serve and engage clients? What does it take today to attract  engage  and retain talent? How…,What are travelers’ new expectations? How to find the right balance between digital and human in the guest experience? How are loyalty programs transforming to better serve and engage clients? What does it take today to attract  engage  and retain talent? How can we become sustainably local? We take a closer look at the transformations impacting key aspects of our industry.Accor today releases its insightful Hospitality Ahead: Transforming How We Welcome  Engage and Manage report. A part of Accor’s innovative From Change To Opportunity thought leadership series  the report explores the ongoing changes impacting the hospitality industry at large  provides insights and perspectives on how to address these shifts  and offers examples and recommendations for inventive ways to leverage these transformations into actionable and profitable business opportunities which satisfy these new needs.To read and download the report  please click here.The report highlights topics within three key themes: traveler’s evolving expectations  the guest relationship with regard to digital touchpoints as well as loyalty programs  and finally hospitality management which addresses the new Talent mindset as well as the growing need to thinking sustainably local by shifting focus to resources  people  and sourcing from the local community and ecosystem around the hotel. Here are the 9 key insights into transforming how we welcome  engage and manage  developed in the report:Meet My Needs – An Increasingly Sophisticated Approach to Decision-Making: A consumer viewpoint reflective of intertwined rational and emotional criteria as well as new desires for the types of experiences they want from a hotel The Desire to Seek & Savor– Discovering Differently and Seeking Enriching Experiences: Across generations and in different ways  travelers are looking for new ways to discover a destination and live new experiences. It is the top ranking criteria in traveler emotional needs and choice. The Desire for Self-Fulfillment– Looking to Reconnect with Self  Recharge and Enjoy: Another top growing driver for why people travel  this desire to pause the pace  recharge  and indulge means people are seeking options for well-being and more life-enriching moments. Cool Community– Wanting to Connect in Style and Be Social: The desire to live stylish social experiences  connect  and belong in a trendy way is a solid and growing part of the market which crosses segments and moves beyond lifestyle brands. It’s All About the Tribe – The Growing Movement for Quality Moments Together: As individuals increasingly focus on seeking community and connection  there is a growing travel aspiration and need to experience special moments together with their loved ones — whether friends or extended families across generations. The Right Digital-Human Balance – Seamlessly Optimizing the Client Experience: The human touch and digital interaction  when blended in the right way  empowers teams to enhance service and client experience  improve personalization  and ultimately drive client engagement and greater brand love. Expanding Loyalty’s Impact – Adding Value Every Day: Loyalty programs are transforming to appeal to what guests want and need — becoming simpler  more personalized  more rewarding  and functioning as lifestyle enhancers – enabling clients to do and experience more  drive deeper engagement  and forge stronger client relationships. The New Talent Mindset – Fulfilling the Desire for Purpose and Self-Expression: The evolution of Talent expectations and priorities drives the need to create a more attractive and engaging workplace with greater flexibility  work/life balance  avenues for self-expression and finding purpose  and ensuring teams feel valued. Thinking Sustainably Local – Shifting Focus to People  Resources and Sourcing Closer to Home: Changing perspective and focusing on the local ecosystem by managing more purposefully  locally  and efficiently is key to building a more sustainable hospitality model  while reducing risk  bringing numerous operational benefits  and offering a more authentic guest experience.These findings draw on exclusive Accor research  interviews with experts  and examples by leading brands both within and outside of the industry to provide hospitality professionals with fresh perspectives and opportunities as we navigate the way forward in this new consumer  travel  Talent  and operations landscape.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Accor', 'Hospitality', 'Insights', 'Transformations', 'Industry', 'Opportunity thought leadership series', 'world leading hospitality group', 'The Right Digital-Human Balance', 'The New Talent Mindset', 'numerous operational benefits', 'top ranking criteria', 'greater brand love', 'sustainable hospitality model', 'three key themes', 'top growing driver', 'stronger client relationships', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'profitable business opportunities', 'stylish social experiences', 'authentic guest experience', 'growing travel aspiration', 'exclusive Accor research', 'economy hotel brands', 'travelers’ new expectations', 'traveler emotional needs', 'leading brands', 'right balance', 'emotional criteria', 'work/life balance', 'new needs', 'new desires', 'new ways', 'Talent expectations', 'insightful Hospitality', 'hospitality management', 'Client Experience', 'greater flexibility', 'hospitality professionals', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'key aspects', 'evolving expectations', 'guest relationship', 'lifestyle brands', 'Growing Movement', 'growing categories', 'right way', 'new experiences', 'client engagement', 'closer look', 'ongoing changes', 'inventive ways', 'Sophisticated Approach', 'consumer viewpoint', 'intertwined rational', 'The Desire', 'different ways', 'life-enriching moments', 'Quality Moments', 'special moments', 'loved ones', 'extended families', 'lifestyle enhancers', 'deeper engagement', 'engaging workplace', 'operations landscape', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'concierge services', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', '9 key insights', 'growing part', 'loyalty programs', 'hospitality industry', 'digital touchpoints', 'growing need', 'local community', 'Cool Community', 'trendy way', 'digital interaction', 'human touch', 'local ecosystem', 'fresh perspectives', 'accommodation properties', '5,300 properties', 'clients', 'transformations', 'report', 'innovative', 'large', 'shifts', 'examples', 'recommendations', 'actionable', 'topics', 'regard', 'focus', 'resources', 'people', 'sourcing', 'Decision-Making', 'types', 'generations', 'destination', 'choice', 'Self-Fulfillment', 'Enjoy', 'options', 'well', 'being', 'solid', 'market', 'segments', 'Tribe', 'individuals', 'connection', 'friends', 'teams', 'personalization', 'Impact', 'Value', 'guests', 'Purpose', 'Self-Expression', 'evolution', 'priorities', 'attractive', 'avenues', 'finding', 'Home', 'risk', 'interviews', 'experts', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,hospitalitynet.org
20591,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4115417.html,Sofitel Celebrates World Sleep Day With Luxurious French Bedtime Rituals & Tips For Travelers,On the occasion of #WorldSleepDay on March 17  Sofitel Hotels & Resorts is inviting guests and travelers to experience its most luxurious bedtime routines with “Sofitel’s Do’s & Don’ts for a Bonne Nuit”. As an ambassador of modern French style  culture and ar…,PARIS - On the occasion of #WorldSleepDay on March 17  Sofitel Hotels & Resorts is inviting guests and travelers to experience its most luxurious bedtime routines with “Sofitel’s Do’s & Don’ts for a Bonne Nuit”. As an ambassador of modern French style  culture and art-de-vivre around the world  Sofitel exudes a refined and understated sense of modern luxury  which certainly extends to its signature Sofitel MyBedTM experience  and the brand’s chic approach to well-being. In keeping with the theme for this World Sleep Day – Sleep is Essential for Health – Sofitel shares its secrets to the ultimate good night’s sleep.Creating a healthy balance of body and mind is one of the cornerstones for one’s overall sense of well-being and achieving a restorative sleep is an imperative part of the equation. Sleep is the crowning touch of a well-balanced lifestyle and through proper nourishment  daily movement and mindfulness activities  sustaining a regular good night’s rest is attainable. Emlyn Brown  Global Vice-President  Well-Being  AccorD'accord! Do Balance the DaySofitel’s first tip is to pace the day with moments of rest – especially as the day winds down. This helps calm the mind and restore energy  ensuring one is not overtired or overstimulated at bedtime. Sofitel Spa with L’Occitane’s Sleep & Reset signature treatment is a 90-minute massage that uses unique rituals to prepare the body for sleep and has been endorsed as an effective technique by the European Sleep Centre. This exclusive massage treatment can be experienced at a number of locations including Sofitel Mexico Reforma; Sofitel Dubai The Obelisk; Sofitel Dubai The Palm; Sofitel Krabi Phokeethra Golf & Spa Resort and Sofitel Mauritius l’Imperial Resort and Spa.In the privacy of the guestroom  a warm bath can regulate the body’s temperature  while calming bedtime rituals declutter the mind. All of Sofitel’s in-room Bath Rituals are available upon request  with a Sofitel Ambassador arriving to draw the bath  ensure temperature and amenities are to the guest’s liking  and tailor arrangements to any personal conditions or preferences. At Sofitel Sydney Darling Harbour  guests can choose a bath drawn with nourishing beads of caviar for a glamourous Vitamin B3 Caviar Bath. Guests at Sofitel Macau At Ponte 16 can dip into a classic Bubble Bath topped with rose petals while sipping champagne and nibbling macarons. Sofitel Roma Villa Borghese offers a candlelight bath experience  inviting guests to sink deeply into a bath drawn of Roman donkey milk – an elixir said to provide longevity benefits and soft  smooth skin.Mais  non! Do Not OverstimulateWorking out too close to bedtime  staying up too late  or rising too early can upset circadian rhythms and lead to poor quality sleep. Too much screen time before sleep can have the same effect. For some  a light snack  a small bit of chocolate  or an herbal tea can calm the senses and prepare for sleep  while too much food or alcohol close to bedtime can be greatly disruptive to sleep patterns. Ideally  one heads to bed with a calm mind  a steady heart rate  and a satisfied belly that can rest through the night  preparing the body to engage in a healthy sleep cycle.Night time is when our skin regenerates and our body goes into repair mode. Without high-quality sleep  we cannot expect our bodies and organs to do their job well. We need sleep for cellular recovery  for muscle repair  for positive mood  for motivation  for how we look  feel and function.I applaud Sofitel for putting sleep at the foundation of their guest experience because a well-rested guest will be a happier  healthier  and higher-performing individual overall. Good sleep for a good life.D'accord! Do Indulge in theSofitel MyBedTMThe Sofitel MyBed is at the center of l’art d’une bonne nuit – the art of a good night. Beloved by guests for its exceptional comfort  the signature mattress features an ultra-soft plush top surface and unique construction  crafted with the highest quality materials to relieve pressure and offer optimal support night after night. Generously thick featherbeds provide a layer of deep comfort  while the bed’s reinforced edges embrace the bed’s sleep surface  allowing guests to stretch out without rolling to the edges.Designed for the ultimate sleep-time bliss  the Sofitel MyBed is dressed with a perfect ensemble of luxurious linen sheets and soft bedding that pairs exquisite comfort with refined style. Guests choose from a pillow menu  featuring up to seven different natural and hypo-allergenically treated pillows for the ideal customized sleep experience. Thoughtful Sofitel housekeepers fluff each featherbed daily for maximum plushness  always keeping the well-being of guests at heart.Mais  non! Don’t Leave Your Bed BehindGuests who have indulged in a few magnificent nights upon the Sofitel MyBed  often fall in love with their sound sleep experience and don’t wish to leave it behind. For some  this means choosing their flights wisely.Business class passengers of Hainan Airlines are able to enjoy an airborne experience of the Sofitel MyBed. The ‘Hai Dream’ on-board sleep experience includes Sofitel’s signature bedding with full-size pillows  duvet  bed sheet  feather topper and blanket. Similarly  guests of Air France’s La Première Suites also enjoy a private and sumptuous Sofitel MyBed experience.For those wishing for a longer term commitment with their Sofitel MyBed  an at-home experience is a possibility too – with every thoughtful detail of l’art d’une bonne nuit – from mattresses to linens – available for purchase at sofitelboutique.com.Source: AccorAbout Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.13,0.29,True,English,"['Luxurious French Bedtime Rituals', 'World Sleep Day', 'Sofitel', 'Tips', 'Travelers', 'glamourous Vitamin B3 Caviar Bath', 'ultra-soft plush top surface', 'Sofitel Krabi Phokeethra Golf', 'Sofitel Sydney Darling Harbour', 'Sofitel Roma Villa Borghese', 'Sofitel Dubai The Obelisk', 'Sofitel Dubai The Palm', 'ideal customized sleep experience', 'signature Sofitel MyBedTM experience', 'Reset signature treatment', 'Roman donkey milk', 'highest quality materials', 'ultimate sleep-time bliss', 'luxurious linen sheets', 'seven different natural', 'allergenically treated pillows', 'Business class passengers', 'exclusive massage treatment', 'Sofitel Mexico Reforma', 'The Sofitel MyBed', 'Thoughtful Sofitel housekeepers', 'classic Bubble Bath', 'candlelight bath experience', 'modern French style', 'steady heart rate', 'European Sleep Centre', 'poor quality sleep', 'sound sleep experience', 'luxurious bedtime routines', 'soft, smooth skin', 'ultimate good night', 'regular good night', 'healthy sleep cycle', 'World Sleep Day', 'signature mattress', 'airborne experience', 'sleep surface', 'modern luxury', 'healthy balance', '90-minute massage', 'soft bedding', 'good life', 'Sofitel Hotels', 'Sofitel Mauritius', 'guest experience', 'Good sleep', 'warm bath', 'Bath Rituals', 'Sofitel Spa', 'Bonne Nuit', 'understated sense', 'chic approach', 'overall sense', 'imperative part', 'crowning touch', 'proper nourishment', 'daily movement', 'mindfulness activities', 'Emlyn Brown', 'Global Vice-President', 'first tip', 'L’Occitane', 'unique rituals', 'effective technique', 'Imperial Resort', 'personal conditions', 'nourishing beads', 'rose petals', 'nibbling macarons', 'longevity benefits', 'circadian rhythms', 'same effect', 'light snack', 'small bit', 'herbal tea', 'satisfied belly', 'Night time', 'repair mode', 'cellular recovery', 'muscle repair', 'positive mood', 'higher-performing individual', 'exceptional comfort', 'unique construction', 'optimal support', 'thick featherbeds', 'deep comfort', 'perfect ensemble', 'exquisite comfort', 'refined style', 'pillow menu', 'maximum plushness', 'magnificent nights', 'Hainan Airlines', 'restorative sleep', 'high-quality sleep', 'Sofitel Ambassador', 'Spa Resort', 'bedtime rituals', 'calm mind', 'PARIS', 'occasion', 'March', 'Resorts', 'guests', 'travelers', 'culture', 'vivre', 'brand', 'theme', 'secrets', 'body', 'cornerstones', 'well-being', 'equation', 'lifestyle', 'Accor', 'moments', 'energy', 'number', 'locations', 'privacy', 'guestroom', 'temperature', 'request', 'amenities', 'liking', 'arrangements', 'preferences', 'Macau', 'Ponte', 'champagne', 'elixir', 'screen', 'chocolate', 'senses', 'food', 'alcohol', 'patterns', 'bodies', 'organs', 'job', 'motivation', 'function', 'foundation', 'Indulge', 'center', 'pressure', 'layer', 'edges', 'hypo', 'love', 'flights']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,hospitalitynet.org
20592,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SCIENCE-6133795/news/AB-Science-will-host-a-live-webcast-on-its-microtubule-destabilizer-agents-MDA-platform-on-Thursda-43254452/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,AB Science will host a live webcast on its microtubule destabilizer agents (MDA) platform on Thursday March 16  2023  from 6pm to 7pm CET,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE AB SCIENCE WILL HOST A LIVE WEBCAST ON ITS MICROTUBULE DESTABILIZER AGENTS PLATFORM ON THURSDAY MARCH 16  2023  FROM 6PM TO 7PM CET Paris  15 March  2023  6pm CET AB Science SA will host a live webcast on Thursday March 16  …,"PRESS RELEASEAB SCIENCE WILL HOST A LIVE WEBCAST ON ITS MICROTUBULE DESTABILIZER AGENTS (MDA) PLATFORM ON THURSDAY MARCH 16  2023  FROM 6PM TO 7PM CETParis  15 March  2023  6pm CETAB Science SA (Euronext – FR0010557264 – AB) will host a live webcast on Thursday March 16  2023  from 6pm to 7pm CET  to present the ongoing phase 1/2 with AB8939 and its synthetic microtubule destabilizer agents (MDA) platform.This live webcast will provide further details on:The pharmacological properties of AB8939 and its key differentiating factorsThe therapeutic potential of AB8939  demonstrated through a series of preclinical experimentsThe ongoing Phase 1/2 study and the first case report from the initial stage of this studyThe following attendees will participate to the live webcast:Alain Moussy  co-founder and CEO of AB ScienceOlivier Hermine  MD  PhD  Head of the hematological department at the Necker-Enfants Malades hospital  Paris  FranceChristian Auclair  PhD  expert in onco-pharmacologyLaurent Gros  PhD  Head of Drug Discovery of AB ScienceThe presentation will be followed by a Q&A session with the management of AB Science.Dial-In & Webcast InformationWebcast date: Thursday  March 16  2023. US: 1pm-2pm ET; Europe: 6pm-7pm CETDial in numbers to listen the live webcast:Dial in number for the US: +1 646 722 4916Dial in number for France: +33 1 72 72 74 03Dial in number for countries outside US and France: Numbers for other countries are listed on the webcast pageConference ID: 42846282#Access to the presentation: Access link to the presentation hereAbout AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company’s lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science’s website:www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['microtubule destabilizer agents', 'AB Science', 'live webcast', 'MDA) platform', 'Thursday', 'March', '6pm', '7pm', 'high unmet medical needs', 'synthetic microtubule destabilizer agents', 'ongoing Phase 1/2 study', 'first case report', 'Necker-Enfants Malades hospital', 'Q&A session', 'protein kinase inhibitors', 'short term survival', 'other similar terms', 'AMF General Regulations', 'key differentiating factors', 'AB Science SA', 'applicable regulations', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'LIVE WEBCAST', 'pharmacological properties', 'preclinical experiments', 'initial stage', 'following attendees', 'Alain Moussy', 'Olivier Hermine', 'hematological department', 'Christian Auclair', 'Laurent Gros', 'Drug Discovery', 'Webcast Information', 'Webcast date', 'other countries', 'webcast page', 'Conference ID', 'targeted proteins', 'previous line', 'proprietary portfolio', 'lead compound', 'veterinary medicine', 'human medicine', 'Further information', 'historical facts', 'future services', 'future performance', 'forward-looking information', 'marketing authorizations', 'competent authorities', 'marketing capacity', 'public documents', 'additional information', 'Financial Communication', 'Media Relations', 'product development', '7PM CET', 'therapeutic potential', 'Access link', 'neurological diseases', 'viral diseases', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'financial results', 'numerous risks', 'actual events', 'pharmaceutical company', 'MDA) platform', 'Euronext Paris', 'THURSDAY MARCH', '15 March', 'ITS', '6PM', 'AB8939', 'details', 'series', 'founder', 'CEO', 'PhD', 'Head', 'France', 'expert', 'pharmacology', 'presentation', 'management', 'Dial-In', '1pm', 'Europe', 'numbers', 'research', 'commercialization', 'PKIs', 'class', 'action', 'pathways', 'cells', 'programs', 'treatment', 'molecules', 'masitinib', 'oncology', 'website', 'projections', 'estimates', 'assumptions', 'projects', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'operations', 'words', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'products', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'particular', 'articles', 'Attachment']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20593,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2627359/0/en/Quadient-Accelerates-Growth-of-Cloud-based-Solutions-in-the-Public-Sector-with-More-than-Twenty-New-Contracts-Signed-in-2022.html,Quadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022,Quadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022  Paris  March 15  2023 ......,"English FrenchQuadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022Paris  March 15  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces growth momentum for its Intelligent Communication Automation solutions among public sector organizations across major geographies. In the 2022 fiscal year that closed January 31  2023  more than 20 new public sector organizations selected Quadient's cloud-based solutions to manage critical multichannel communications  accounting for nearly 10% of new contracts’ value and almost a tenfold increase over 2021.Quadient is a trusted long-time provider to numerous government and public sector organizations. In 2022  the company’s cloud-based solutions were awarded places on multiple framework agreements. Quadient was recently named an approved cloud software supplier in the UK government’s new G Cloud 13 digital marketplace and Quadient Impress was approved in the majority of U.S. states as a solution for public agencies to manage their digital and physical communications with their constituents.Notably  collaboration with best-in-class delivery  business and technology partners  such as Daylight  Nagarro and Coexya  significantly contributed to deployments with U.S. and European administrations  shaping and delivering innovative user experience solutions for employees  customers and citizens.""We are delighted that multiple public sector organizations continue to select and rely on our Intelligent Communication Automation solutions "" said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. ""Our commitment to providing a secure  compliant  reliable  scalable and comprehensive cloud-based platform that can integrate with existing systems has been instrumental in these successes. We are proud to support public sector organizations in their digital transformation journeys  helping them to lower costs  comply with regulations  better engage with constituents and deliver better outcomes  relying on our global talented partner ecosystem.""For many years  public organizations have relied on Quadient’s capacity to deliver on several critical aspects  including:Data security : thanks to strong measures  such as data encryption  access controls and regular security audits;: thanks to strong measures  such as data encryption  access controls and regular security audits; Compliance : built-in compliance and security certifications  such as HITRUST v9.1  SOC2 Type 11  HIPAA  GDPR and ISO and GRI international standards  combined with high scores received from trusted ESG rating agencies and listing among the Global 100 most sustainable companies;: built-in compliance and security certifications  such as HITRUST v9.1  SOC2 Type 11  HIPAA  GDPR and ISO and GRI international standards  combined with high scores received from trusted ESG rating agencies and listing among the Global 100 most sustainable companies; Reliability and scalability : with Quadient cloud solutions  data is safely stored and software upgrades are no longer needed  releasing key IT resources to support wider transformation programs;: with Quadient cloud solutions  data is safely stored and software upgrades are no longer needed  releasing key IT resources to support wider transformation programs; Support : Quadient offers custom-tailored support  training and resources to assist customers in their onboarding phase and whenever they need assistance;: Quadient offers custom-tailored support  training and resources to assist customers in their onboarding phase and whenever they need assistance; Ease of use : non-technical business users can easily design  personalize and deliver secure and multichannel one-to-one communications;: non-technical business users can easily design  personalize and deliver secure and multichannel one-to-one communications; Integration: seamless integration with existing legacy systems and processes with the same cloud platform  pulling data from any source and handling scalability and security needs;seamless integration with existing legacy systems and processes with the same cloud platform  pulling data from any source and handling scalability and security needs; Cost: flexible and scalable subscription-based offerings that match the requirements of public sector organizations  ensuring a cost-effective and reasonable return on investment.Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation solutions empower public sector organizations and companies to respond to market  regulatory and customer experience changes  transforming their communication flows to offer elevated experiences through multiple channels.To learn more about how Quadient supports public sector and government organizations  visit https://www.quadient.com/en/enterprise-industries/public-sector-government.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Twenty New Contracts', 'Cloud-based Solutions', 'Public Sector', 'Quadient', 'Growth', 'More', 'new G Cloud 13 digital marketplace', 'global talented partner ecosystem', 'Global 100 most sustainable companies', 'innovative user experience solutions', 'trusted ESG rating agencies', 'Intelligent Communication Automation solutions', 'secure, compliant, reliable, scalable', '20 new public sector organizations', 'multiple public sector organizations', 'Twenty New Contracts', 'new contracts’ value', 'scalable subscription-based offerings', 'customer experience changes', 'same cloud platform', 'meaningful customer connections', 'multiple framework agreements', 'several critical aspects', 'GRI international standards', 'wider transformation programs', 'cloud software supplier', 'digital transformation journeys', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'technical business users', 'existing legacy systems', 'regular security audits', 'comprehensive cloud-based platform', 'U.S. states', 'chief solution officer', 'key IT resources', 'Quadient cloud solutions', 'critical multichannel communications', 'public agencies', 'public organizations', 'communication flows', 'Cloud-based Solutions', 'existing systems', 'multiple channels', 'government organizations', 'elevated experiences', 'software upgrades', 'security certifications', 'security needs', 'physical communications', 'one communications', 'English French', 'physical channels', 'major geographies', '2022 fiscal year', 'tenfold increase', 'long-time provider', 'numerous government', 'UK government', 'class delivery', 'technology partners', 'European administrations', 'Chris Hartigan', 'many years', 'strong measures', 'access controls', 'SOC2 Type', 'high scores', 'onboarding phase', 'reasonable return', 'market, regulatory', 'driving force', 'Data security', 'custom-tailored support', 'seamless integration', 'Euronext Paris', 'growth momentum', 'data encryption', 'Quadient Impress', 'Quadient®', 'More', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'company', 'places', 'majority', 'constituents', 'collaboration', 'Daylight', 'Nagarro', 'Coexya', 'deployments', 'employees', 'customers', 'citizens', 'commitment', 'successes', 'costs', 'regulations', 'outcomes', 'capacity', 'Compliance', 'HITRUST', 'HIPAA', 'GDPR', 'ISO', 'Reliability', 'scalability', 'training', 'assistance', 'processes', 'flexible', 'requirements', 'cost-effective', 'investment', 'enterprise-industries', 'public-sector-government', 'world']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20594,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-appoints-Joop-Brakenhoff-as-Group-Chief-Financial-Officer-43246227/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,VEON appoints Joop Brakenhoff as Group Chief Financial Officer,(marketscreener.com)   Amsterdam  15 March 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces the appointment of Joop Brakenhoff as Group Chief Financial Officer   effective from 1 May 2023.  …,Amsterdam  15 March 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces the appointment of Joop Brakenhoff as Group Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  effective from 1 May 2023. Joop will replace Serkan Okandan whose three-year contract as Group CFO is set to expire at the end of April 2023. Serkan will continue to serve VEON as a special advisor to the Group CEO and CFO.Serkan Okandan has been an integral part of VEON's success over the past three years  contributing to the company's growth and financial stability as the Group CFO. With him at the helm of Group’s financial management  VEON has achieved a solid balance sheet  a strong liquidity position  and increasingly self-sufficient operating companies that deliver growth while optimizing their costs.Joop brings more than 35 years of experience to VEON  including serving most recently as the Company’s Group Chief Internal Audit & Compliance Officer and prior to that  Head of Internal Audit. Under his leadership  VEON continued to maintain high ethics and compliance standards led by the tone at the top while transforming its business model. As the Group CFO  Joop will continue to report to VEON’s Group CEO  Kaan Terzioglu.Commenting on the appointment  Kaan Terzioglu said: “In the past three years  I have had the privilege of serving with both Serkan and Joop as two valued members of the Group executive team. I would like to thank Serkan for his dedication  expertise  and hard work  which have had an immense role in taking VEON to where it is today. I look forward to working with him in his advisory capacity in which he will continue to serve VEON with his expertise and experience. I also welcome Joop to the Group CFO role  a new phase in his many years of service to VEON  and wish him every success. With his extensive background in finance and audit and proven leadership skills including many years of service to VEON  I am confident that he will help take the Group to even greater heights.”Joop Brakenhoff said: “I am excited to serve VEON as the Group CFO as we bring the benefits of digital connectivity to hundreds of millions in dynamic emerging markets  while maintaining a strong financial position and best-in-class corporate governance. I look forward to building on the solid foundations established in our operational and financial management  and sustaining the transparent and trust-based relationship we have with our investors and financial counterparts.”Joop joined VEON in January 2019 from Heineken International  where he was the head of Global Audit. Joop has also held senior Finance and Audit roles at Royal Ahold  prior to which he was Chief Financial Officer of Burg Industries B.V. Joop started his career at KPMG in 1985 where he worked for nine years in a variety of audit roles.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact informationAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.72,0.08,0.2,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'VEON', 'Group', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Burg Industries B.V. Joop', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Group Chief Internal Audit', 'strong liquidity position', 'self-sufficient operating companies', 'two valued members', 'dynamic emerging markets', 'class corporate governance', 'seven dynamic markets', 'solid balance sheet', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'strong financial position', 'global digital operator', 'greater digital inclusion', 'past three years', 'Group executive team', 'Group CFO role', 'Global Audit', 'digital connectivity', 'Compliance Officer', 'immense role', 'greater heights', 'solid foundations', 'financial stability', 'financial management', 'financial counterparts', 'many years', 'Audit roles', 'nine years', 'Group CEO', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'three-year contract', 'special advisor', 'integral part', 'high ethics', 'compliance standards', 'business model', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'hard work', 'advisory capacity', 'new phase', 'extensive background', 'trust-based relationship', 'Heineken International', 'Royal Ahold', '200 million customers', 'forward-looking statements', 'historical facts', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Joop Brakenhoff', 'leadership skills', 'senior Finance', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact information', 'Julian Tanner', 'Serkan Okandan', 'economic growth', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', '35 years', '15 March', 'NASDAQ', 'appointment', '1 May', 'end', 'April', 'success', 'company', 'costs', 'experience', 'Head', 'tone', 'top', 'privilege', 'dedication', 'expertise', 'benefits', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'operational', 'transparent', 'investors', 'January', 'career', 'KPMG', 'variety', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20595,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Quadient-Accelerates-Growth-of-Cloud-based-Solutions-in-the-Public-Sector-with-More-than-Twenty-New-43246608/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Quadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022,(marketscreener.com)  Quadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022 Paris  March 15  2023 Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through …,"Quadient Accelerates Growth of Cloud-based Solutions in the Public Sector with More than Twenty New Contracts Signed in 2022Paris  March 15  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  announces growth momentum for its Intelligent Communication Automation solutions among public sector organizations across major geographies. In the 2022 fiscal year that closed January 31  2023  more than 20 new public sector organizations selected Quadient's cloud-based solutions to manage critical multichannel communications  accounting for nearly 10% of new contracts’ value and almost a tenfold increase over 2021.Quadient is a trusted long-time provider to numerous government and public sector organizations. In 2022  the company’s cloud-based solutions were awarded places on multiple framework agreements. Quadient was recently named an approved cloud software supplier in the UK government’s new G Cloud 13 digital marketplace and Quadient Impress was approved in the majority of U.S. states as a solution for public agencies to manage their digital and physical communications with their constituents.Notably  collaboration with best-in-class delivery  business and technology partners  such as Daylight  Nagarro and Coexya  significantly contributed to deployments with U.S. and European administrations  shaping and delivering innovative user experience solutions for employees  customers and citizens.""We are delighted that multiple public sector organizations continue to select and rely on our Intelligent Communication Automation solutions "" said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Intelligent Communication Automation  Quadient. ""Our commitment to providing a secure  compliant  reliable  scalable and comprehensive cloud-based platform that can integrate with existing systems has been instrumental in these successes. We are proud to support public sector organizations in their digital transformation journeys  helping them to lower costs  comply with regulations  better engage with constituents and deliver better outcomes  relying on our global talented partner ecosystem.""For many years  public organizations have relied on Quadient’s capacity to deliver on several critical aspects  including:Data security : thanks to strong measures  such as data encryption  access controls and regular security audits;: thanks to strong measures  such as data encryption  access controls and regular security audits; Compliance : built-in compliance and security certifications  such as HITRUST v9.1  SOC2 Type 11  HIPAA  GDPR and ISO and GRI international standards  combined with high scores received from trusted ESG rating agencies and listing among the Global 100 most sustainable companies;: built-in compliance and security certifications  such as HITRUST v9.1  SOC2 Type 11  HIPAA  GDPR and ISO and GRI international standards  combined with high scores received from trusted ESG rating agencies and listing among the Global 100 most sustainable companies; Reliability and scalability : with Quadient cloud solutions  data is safely stored and software upgrades are no longer needed  releasing key IT resources to support wider transformation programs;: with Quadient cloud solutions  data is safely stored and software upgrades are no longer needed  releasing key IT resources to support wider transformation programs; Support : Quadient offers custom-tailored support  training and resources to assist customers in their onboarding phase and whenever they need assistance;: Quadient offers custom-tailored support  training and resources to assist customers in their onboarding phase and whenever they need assistance; Ease of use : non-technical business users can easily design  personalize and deliver secure and multichannel one-to-one communications;: non-technical business users can easily design  personalize and deliver secure and multichannel one-to-one communications; Integration: seamless integration with existing legacy systems and processes with the same cloud platform  pulling data from any source and handling scalability and security needs;seamless integration with existing legacy systems and processes with the same cloud platform  pulling data from any source and handling scalability and security needs; Cost: flexible and scalable subscription-based offerings that match the requirements of public sector organizations  ensuring a cost-effective and reasonable return on investment.Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation solutions empower public sector organizations and companies to respond to market  regulatory and customer experience changes  transforming their communication flows to offer elevated experiences through multiple channels.To learn more about how Quadient supports public sector and government organizations  visit https://www.quadient.com/en/enterprise-industries/public-sector-government.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['Twenty New Contracts', 'Cloud-based Solutions', 'Public Sector', 'Quadient', 'Growth', 'More', 'new G Cloud 13 digital marketplace', 'global talented partner ecosystem', 'trusted ESG rating agencies', 'Global 100 most sustainable companies', 'innovative user experience solutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation solutions', 'secure, compliant, reliable, scalable', '20 new public sector organizations', 'multiple public sector organizations', 'Twenty New Contracts', 'new contracts’ value', 'trusted long-time provider', 'scalable subscription-based offerings', 'customer experience changes', 'same cloud platform', 'meaningful customer connections', 'multiple framework agreements', 'several critical aspects', 'GRI international standards', 'wider transformation programs', 'cloud software supplier', 'digital transformation journeys', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'technical business users', 'existing legacy systems', 'regular security audits', 'comprehensive cloud-based platform', 'U.S. states', 'chief solution officer', 'key IT resources', 'Quadient cloud solutions', 'critical multichannel communications', 'public agencies', 'public organizations', 'communication flows', 'Cloud-based Solutions', 'existing systems', 'multiple channels', 'government organizations', 'elevated experiences', 'software upgrades', 'security certifications', 'security needs', 'physical communications', 'one communications', 'physical channels', 'major geographies', '2022 fiscal year', 'tenfold increase', 'numerous government', 'UK government', 'class delivery', 'technology partners', 'European administrations', 'Chris Hartigan', 'many years', 'strong measures', 'access controls', 'SOC2 Type', 'high scores', 'onboarding phase', 'reasonable return', 'market, regulatory', 'driving force', 'three k', 'Data security', 'custom-tailored support', 'seamless integration', 'Euronext Paris', 'growth momentum', 'data encryption', 'Quadient Impress', 'Quadient®', 'More', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'company', 'places', 'majority', 'constituents', 'collaboration', 'Daylight', 'Nagarro', 'Coexya', 'deployments', 'employees', 'customers', 'citizens', 'commitment', 'successes', 'costs', 'regulations', 'outcomes', 'capacity', 'Compliance', 'HITRUST', 'HIPAA', 'GDPR', 'ISO', 'Reliability', 'scalability', 'training', 'assistance', 'processes', 'flexible', 'requirements', 'cost-effective', 'investment', 'enterprise-industries', 'public-sector-government', 'world', '2021']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20596,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2022-proving-cabka-sound-fundamentals-063000975.html,2022: proving Cabka’s sound fundamentals,Record sales of € 208.9 million (2021: € 170.0 million) Operational EBITDA € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million)Net Income from operations € 1.5 million...,Record sales of € 208.9 million (2021: € 170.0 million)Operational EBITDA € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million)Net Income from operations € 1.5 million (2021: € 3.4 million)Proposed distribution of € 0.15 per shareConfirm mid-term guidance1Amsterdam 15 March 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its preliminary non-audited 2022 full year results.Cabka CEO Tim Litjens  commented:“In 2022 we continued our growth strategy  recording 23% topline growth. Whilst navigating economic and environmental challenges we demonstrated our intrinsic value-add and pricing power. We secured several major contracts in Customized Solutions  and expanded our customer base in Portfolio  providing a solid base for continued growth in both the European and US markets. Our outperformance in circularity  with over 85% of our products from recycled plastics  attract blue chip customers opting for our solutions helping them to meet their sustainability targets.Shortly after listing the company in March  geopolitical tensions and volatility in energy and material markets lead to extraordinary inflation levels. With some delay effect  this has been successfully mitigated through various rounds of price increases.In Reusable Transport Packaging business  we focused on improving overall efficiencies and prepared for further capacity expansion. In the ECO business  we successfully consolidated our asset base  providing improved economies of scale and capacity expansion for 2023. In the US  we responded with great agility to the flooding of our St. Louis site. Business was successfully secured by rapid outsourcing  contributing to the 30% US growth. Operations have recommenced  with the goal to be fully operational by the end of the second quarter 2023. We continued to strengthen our organization by extending our innovation center  developing our ESG value proposition and adding valuable experience to our management team.Story continuesLooking ahead  we are confident to reiterate our mid-term guidance. Barring unforeseen circumstances  for 2023 we expect to deliver on high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.”Financial HighlightsRecord sales of € 208.9 million representing a 23% Year-on-Year (YoY) top-level growth based on organic growth (8%) as well as pricing effect (15%) covering the rapidly rising costs for energy and materials  reflecting strong market positionGross profit 6% higher at € 92.6 million (2021: € 87.1 million)  gross margin at 44%. Without dilution effect of higher pricing and costs  margins would be comparable to last year (2021: 51%)Resilient operational EBITDA at € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million); Operational EBITDA margin lower at 11%; Margin protected by price increases minus lagging effectNet Income from operations € 1.5 million (2021: € 3.4 million) or € 0.06 per share. Non-operational items totaling at € 35.5 million  mainly due to non-cash IPO listing expenses  leading to a Net Result of € -34.0 millionNet Working Capital at € 33.7 million or 16% of sales (2021: € 27.3 million  respectively 16%)Net debt € 44.6 million (2021: € 62.5 million)  29% lower mainly from proceeds of the listingTotal CAPEX of € 26.6 million in 2022 including maintenance & replacement investments of € 7.4 million  3.5% of salesStrategic & Market HighlightsCabka N.V. listed on 1 March 2022 after 100% shareholders’ support for a business combination of Cabka Group GmbH and Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V. bringing in € 108.5 million of which € 63.3 million to buy out minority shareholders and € 45.2 million in new capital 2Two-tier Board installed; management strengthened at executive levelTwo significant multi-year customized solutions contracts announced with blue chip clients with total expected annualized sales of over 10% of 2022 sales. The first with US retailer Target was signed in May and the other with European pooler CHEP in SeptemberRecycled material used in products above 85% of total compared to a European average 3 of 14%Restructuring of Eco business completed  leading to closure of Genthin site and consolidation of production capacity in Weira (Germany) overall raising production efficiency  albeit at temporary output reductionCabka North America’s plant in St. Louis (MO) forced shut down  due to exceptional flash floods on July 27 th . In a swift response Cabka was able to secure sales to Cabka’s main customers  albeit at additional material & tolling costsCabka gained full ownership of its US subsidiary Cabka North America Inc. by acquiring the remaining 7.71% shares on March 22nd  2022Preliminary unaudited operational income 2022Condensed operational income statement4 in €m 2022 2021 Change Sales 208.9 170.0 23% Other operating income items 11.9 6.6 80% Total Operating Income 220.8 176.6 25% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services -128.2 -89.5 43% Gross Profit 92.6 87.1 6% Operating expenses -70.0 -58.1 21% Operational EBITDA 22.5 29.0 -22% Depreciation -18.0 -19.7 -9% EBIT /Operating Income 4.5 9.3 -52% Financial results -2.4 -2.1 13% Earnings before taxes 2.2 7.2 -70% Taxes -0.7 -3.8 -82% Net income from operations 1.5 3.4 -56%DistributionProposed distribution of € 0.15 per ordinary share  subject to AGM approval: €0.05 in cash and €0.10 in sharesOutlookBased on Cabka’s strong fundamentals we reiterate our mid-term guidance. Barring unforeseen circumstances  for 2023 we expect to deliver on high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2022Commercial performanceCabka realized record sales in 2022 of € 208.9 million a 23% increase compared to 2021  of which 8% from organic growth. Growth was especially strong in RTP.Cabka RTP performed strong in Europe with 24% growth to € 121.4 million. Customized Solutions in Europe grew with 53% to € 33.1 million  especially in the Pooling and Automotive sector. Cabka introduced several environmentally friendly solutions via its containers and pallets primarily made from recycled plastics  increasing reusability  and reducing transportation impact. Leading brands in the Automotive industry like BMW  Tesla and Continental opted for our solutions in 2022.CHEP a key player in the European pooling industry signed a new multi-year contract for reusable foldable containers out of recycled materials in September. Production is expected to start by half 2023  contributing approximately € 9 million in revenues on an annual basis.The Cabka business in North America grew 30% to € 34.9 million. TARGET was an important new contract for RTP The multi-year contract was announced in May. The flooding of the St. Louis plant in July resulted in some temporarily delays in growth for 2022.ECO products remained stable over the year with a total revenue of € 22.8 million  The relocation of all ECO activities from Genthin to Weira in East Germany was completed according to plan. The temporary shutdown of production to facilitate the move  reduced the intake of mixed plastics and hence performance of the ECO business in 2022  which was compensated by favorable pricing effects.ESGCabka is the circularity leader in the RTP industry. In 2022 over 85% of our products was made from recycled materials  100% was reusable with take-back clauses for recycling and supporting the collection of additional plastics for recycling. The average for Europe was in 2021 still at 14% recycled plastics targeting to get to 33% by 2030.5On top of our focus on the recycling of plastics  we increasingly look on how we recycle plastics and make the entire process more sustainable. Cabka has put extra efforts in changing to more sustainable energy supply for its production in order to reduce its carbon footprint. In addition  Cabka significantly reduces carbon emissions by recycling plastic waste that otherwise would have been incinerated.As of 2022 we established a new governance structure for ESG and will publish our first ESG report integrated in the 2022 Annual Report due April 25th 2023. With external support  Cabka conducted a double materiality assessment leading to the establishment of base ambition levels that were agreed upon with the full management team.PricingThe war in Ukraine  started on February 24th  had a severe impact on social and economic developments as well as financial markets leading to unprecedented volatility in prices for energy and materials. Cabka showed the strength of its competitive position by leading the industry in pricing as it was able to implement several price increases to compensate for higher input costs. That said  the steep rise over a short period did have bottom line impact  as higher costs were passed to the market with some unavoidable delay. In order to be able to react more dynamically to volatile conditions in the energy and material market  an indexed pricing adjustment mechanism is in place. Cabka’s focus remains on profitable organic sales growth.EBITDAOperational EBITDA came in at € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million). The decrease in operational EBITDA reflects the high increase in especially energy and material prices throughout the year. From the decrease in operational EBITDA-margin circa 2.5% margin loss was due to the lagging effect of mitigating price increases  the remainder from dilution as the cost base increased. Additionally  operating expenses were up 20% versus 2021 driven by growth  inflationary adjustments  post-Covid ramp-up  and organizational requirements as a listed company.St. Louis flooding6As a result of the floods in the greater St. Louis area on July 27th  Cabka’s North America plant in Hazelwood (MO) had to be shut down. In a swift response to the flooding  Cabka was able to quickly recover essential injection molding tools to continue supplying key customers using alternative production capacities. The swift response secured sales to its main customers. However  it resulted indirectly in € 3.3 million higher costs as production had to be moved to tollers and internally recycled materials could not be used. As production on site is gradually picking up  these effects should be fully reversed by mid-2023.Over the past months  Cabka has worked on cleaning and restoring the St. Louis facilities. Production is ramping up and expected to be fully operational by the end of the second quarter of 2023. Based on this timeline  an assessment of the impact of the flooding can now be made. The expenses for cleaning and repairs amounted to USD 4.0 million (€ 3.7 million) in 2022 and were fully covered by the flood insurance policy of Cabka.Cabka further established that due to the flood a part of its inventory was irretrievably destroyed leading to an extraordinary write-off of USD 1.8 million (€ 1.7 million). The flooding is considered a ‘triggering event’ under IFRS7  therefore leading to an impairment and derecognition. Cabka recognizes an impairment and derecognition on assets of USD 4.3 million (€ 4.1 million). Prior to the flooding  Cabka had already placed orders for new machines to support its growth ambitions in the US market. With this coming to the ground  in combination with increased efficiencies  the capacity in the US is expected to be sufficient  and thus it will not seek to replace the impaired machines.Insurance payments received in 2022 led to a positive cash flow impact of USD 2.3 million(€ 2.2 million). Repairs and starting up work will continue into the first half year of 2023. Cabka expects the total positive cash flow from the insurance in 2022 and 2023 – once all positions are recognized – will be sufficient to cover the total flood related out-of-pocket expenses. As part of the insurance claim has already been recognized in 2022  this could have negative impact on 2023 cash flow and recognized IFRS expenses.St. Louis flooding direct impact in € m2022 P&L Remarks Insurance payments received 5.9 Out of pocket expenses cleaning repair -3.7 Total cash inflow 2.2 Write off  impairment and derecognition -5.8 As required by IFRS accounting  no replacements required Total non-cash impact -5.8 Non-operational8 direct impact -3.6 Of which € 5.8m non-cashListingCabka N.V. was listed via a business combination of Cabka Group GmbH with Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V. (DSC2) on March 1st  2022.In total Cabka spent in 2022 € 2.9 million in IPO related transaction costs.To realize the business combination DSC2 paid a total cash consideration of € 108.5 million9.€ 63.3 million was used to buy out Cabka minority shareholders and Cabka received the remaining € 45.2 million in new capital.However  under IFRS the following accounting steps need to be taken:First  the cash consideration of € 108.5m is corrected for the financial liabilities of DSC2 for the outstanding Warrants and Special Shares 10 . This results in a € 6.0 million liability deducted from the paid cash bringing the net cash consideration receivable by Cabka to€ 102.4 million.Second  IFRS considers not the cash payment  but the market value of all 12.9 million shares received by DSC2 shareholders  including the conversion of the € 11 warrants and Special Shares immediately after listing  as the consideration paid by Cabka. This results in a valuation of the consideration paid for Cabka of € 129.2 million.Third  IFRS considers the difference between the € 129.2 million value ‘paid by Cabka’ to the DSC2 shareholders and the net assets received by Cabka from DSC2 of € 102.4 million to represent the value of the ‘service’ of providing Cabka with a listing via the business combination with DSC2. In a ‘regular acquisition’ this would have been capitalized as goodwill. However  as the only asset on the DSC2 balance sheet was cash  under IFRS  DSC2 does not qualify as a business. Hence no goodwill is recognized or can be capitalized  and the total difference of € 26.8 million should be qualified as a listing expense in the 2022 P&L  which is recorded directly into equity.The cash in equity received remains € 45.2 million and there is zero Equity impact and zero Cash Flow impact resulting from these listing expensesListing Impact 2022 P&L Balance Cash in € million Sheet Flow Net cash received from listing - 45.2 45.2 Listing expenses -26.8 - - IPO related transaction costs -1.3 -2.9 -2.9 Warrant & Special Shares liability at listing - -6.0 - Special Shares liability fair value change at Year End11 1.6 -1.6 -Triggered by the IPO Cabka spent in total € 3.4 million in staff related costs in 2022: € 0.6 million in bonuses for all staff  € 1.6m in settling the VSOP management share plan  € 1.0 million in tax charges linked to the VSOP and € 0.2 million on marketing and IT. All these staff related costs are considered non-operational and hence not included in the operational results.Cash flows and cash positionNet Working Capital at Year-End was € 33.7 million or 16% of sales  in line with 2021 and beating mid-term guidance. Higher inventory value of €10.6 million was predominantly caused by increased cost of goods and higher safety stocks. The movement in trade receivables and trade payables were aligned.Cash flows from operating activities came in at € 0.5 million. This comprises of an inflow of€ 18.8 million from operational activities minus € 2.9 million outflow for IPO related costs  and€ 2.4 million for other costs triggered by the IPO. Net Working Capital increased with € 6.4 million (including prepayments on molds on behalf of customers amounted to € 4.2 million) and decreased with € 6.6 million in other liabilities.Cash flows from investing activities totaling € 27.1 million of which € 26.7 was related to capital investments and € 1.9 million to buy out minority shareholders of Cabka North America. Disposing of certain assets contributed € 1.5 million.Cash flows from financing activities totaled €37.7 million. Net proceeds from the IPO -before costs- amounted to € 45.2 million. Repayment of banking debt facilities including interest and exchange rate changes totaled € 12.0 million  whilst lease facilities increased by € 4.5 million.CAPEXTotal CAPEX for 2022 came at € 26.6 million including maintenance & replacement investments of € 7.4 million  or 3.5% of sales. The restructuring of the ECO business and concentration in Weira represented € 3.7 million in investments. In total € 10.1 million was invested in machines and new molds to support growth and EUR 1.6 million in process & automation. The buyout of minority shareholders of Cabka’s North America’s business required € 1.8 million.Share priceAt the beginning of 2022 Cabka shares were still listed under the name of Dutch Star Companies TWO and closed on December 31st  2021 at € 11.20. After business combination the name of the listed entity changed to Cabka N.V. on March 1st  2022 (closing price DSC2 at February 28th € 10.00) and the Cabka shares closed at € 6.12 at December 31st  2022.Cabka share capital per December 31st  2022Shares ISIN Ordinary Shares issued 23 982 191 CABKA / NL00150000S7 Ordinary Shares in treasury 16 388 000 DSC2S / NL00150002R5 Total Ordinary Shares 40 370 191 Special Shares 97 778 Total shares 40 467 969The conversion option of the € 12 Special Shares is measured at fair value based on market share price and classified as financial liability. The value change of the Special Shares liability over 2022 amounted to € 1.6 million (positive).12Tax positionsDeferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable thattaxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Management’sassessment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits. At the moment ofpublication of this preliminary unaudited financial results report  the assessment of current anddeferred tax positions have not been fully finalized and might be revised ahead of thepublication of the Annual Report 2022.Relevant events after December 31st  2022Mr. Frank Roerink was appointed interim Chief Financial Officer as of 1 February 2023 afterMr. Necip Küpcü stepped down as CFO and will continue in a senior finance role within the company.On March 15th  2023  following the lock up period  Cabka issued 385 020 Ordinary Shares from treasury to cover its obligations under the former ‘VSOP’ performance share program for key staff  resulting in a total of 24 367 211 Ordinary Shares issued per March 15th and 16 002 980 Ordinary Shares remaining in treasury. The remaining 7 500 VSOP rights have been voided.Financial Calendar 202325 April Publication Annual Report 2022 and Trading Update first quarter 20238 June Annual General Meeting13 June Capital Markets Day17 August Ex-Dividend* Date18 August Dividend* Record Date22 August Publication Half Year Results 202325 August Dividend* Payment Date19 October Trading Update Q3 202320 March 2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023* Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distributionFor more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  +316 109 42514www.investors.cabka.comCommercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste.Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products.Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7.DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies.Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.FINANCIAL OVERVIEW APPENDIXDefinitions of operational items by managementGross MarginGross Profit divided by RevenueGross ProfitProfit as Revenue for the period plus changes in inventory and other operating income for the period  minus raw material costs  energy costs and purchased servicesMaintenance and Replacement Capital ExpendituresThe expenses incurred by the company that are related to the maintenance and replacements of assets like plants  machinery and buildingsMaintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures as a percentage of revenue: Maintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures divided by RevenueNet Working CapitalTrade accounts receivables plus inventories net of trade accounts payablesNet Working Capital as percentage of revenueNet Working Capital divided by RevenueNon-operationalIndicates that this is not part of regular operational activities.Operational EBITDANet Result reported for the period  adjusted for non-operational activities  before depreciation and amortization  interest expenses and income  taxes and share option plan accruals with figures being adjusted for non-recurring itemsCondensed bridge from operational to IFRS consolidated statement of profit and loss  2022 preliminary unauditedCondensed income statement bridge operational to IFRS13 in € million 2022 2021 Change Sales 208.9 170.0 23% Other operating income items 11.9 6.6 80% Total Operating Income 220.8 176.6 25% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services -128.2 -89.5 43% Gross Profit 92.6 87.1 6% Operating expenses -70.0 -58.1 21% Operational EBITDA 22.5 29.0 -22% Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible and tangible fixed assets -18.0 -19.7 -9% EBIT /Operating Income 4.5 9.3 -51% Financial results -2.4 -2.1 13% Earnings before taxes 2.2 7.2 -70% Taxes -0.7 -3.8 -82% Net income from operations 1.5 3.4 -56% Non-operational items IPO listing expenses14 -26.8 IPO transaction related costs -1.3 -0 2 Bonuses and VSOP incl. tax charges -3.4 -3.8 Eco-restructuring -0.6 -0.6 St. Louis Flooding15 -6.9 Changes in fair value of Special Shares liability 1.6 Tax on non-operational items 1.9 1.3 Non-controlling interest0.1 0.3 Net result reported IFRS -34.0 0.4Condensed consolidated statement of profit and loss 2022 preliminary unauditedCondensed statement of profit and loss in € million 2022 2021 Net turnover 208.9 170.0 Change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 4.2 0.7 Other operating income items16 13.7 5.9 Total Operating income 226.8 176.6 Material expenses / expenses for purchased services -131.5 -89.5 Personnel expenses -40.4 -37.0 Depreciation  amortization and impairments of intangible and tangible fixed assets -18.0 -19.7 IPO listing expenses17 -26.8 - Other operating expenses -43.6 -25.7 Total Operating expenses 260.2 171.9 Interest income and similar income 1.6 0.0 Interest expenses and similar charges -2.4 -2.1 Financial Result -0.8 -2.1 Result before taxes -34.3 2.6 Income tax expense 0.2 -2.5 Net Result -34.1 0.1 Attributable to non-controlling interest -0.1 -0.3 Attributable to Owners of the Company -34.0 0.4Consolidated Balance Sheet 2022 preliminary unauditedConsolidated Balance Sheet in € million 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Other intangible assets 0.7 0.6 Property  plant and equipment 78.0 73.9 Long-term financial assets 0.1 0.1 Other long-term assets 0.1 0.0 Deferred taxes 3.9 1.9 82.7 76.5 Current Assets Inventories 41.4 30.8 Trade receivables 31.8 27.2 Short-term financial assets 0.0 0.2 Other short-term assets 10.4 6.5 Cash and cash equivalents 21.0 10.0 104.6 74.7 187.4 151.2 LIABILITIES Equity Share capital 0.4 3.4 Treasury shares -0.2 0.0 Capital reserve 75.3 13.0 Warrants reserve 11.0 0.0 Retained earnings -17.5 17.6 Foreign currency translation reserve -0.7 -0.4 Non-controlling interests 0.0 0.1 68.4 33.6 Non-current liabilities Long-term financial liabilities 38.5 45.2 Other long-term liabilities 0.0 0.1 Deferred taxes 1.8 1.7 40.3 47.0 Current liabilities Short-term financial liabilities 27.2 27.3 Provisions 0.7 1.0 Contract liabilities 5.9 2.2 Trade payables 35.2 30.7 Income tax liabilities 0.0 0.0 Other short-term liabilities 9.6 9.4 78.7 70.7 187.4 151.2V. Condensed consolidated statement of cash flow 2022 preliminary unauditedCash flows from operating activities came in at € 0.5 million. This comprises of an inflow of€ 18.8 million from operational activities minus € 2.9 million outflow for IPO related costs  and€ 2.4 million for other costs triggered by the IPO.Consolidated statement of cash flow in € million 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss / income for the period -34.0 0.1 Interest costs 2.4 1.9 Taxes 0.2 -1.5 Depreciation  amortization and impairments of intangible and tangible fixed assets 18.0 19.7 Cash flow -13.4 20.2 Increase (-) / decrease (+) of inventories  trade receivables and other assets -19.4 -15.5 Increase (+) / decrease (-) of trade payables and other liabilities 6.4 18.1 IPO costs charged to Equity -1.7 - Listing expenses (non-cash transaction) 26.8 - Other non-cash transactions 1.8 -0.9 Cash flow (used in)/from operating activities 0.5 21.9 Cash flow from investing activities Cash inflow from sale of property  plant and equipment 1.5 2.4 Cash outflow for investment in property  plant and equipment -26.3 -19.7 Cash inflow from intangible assets 0.0 0.0 Cash outflow for investments in intangible assets -0.4 -0.3 Cash inflowithoutflow from investments in fully consolidated companies -1.9 0.0 Net cash from/(used in) investing activities -27.1 -17.6 Cashflow from financing activities Proceeds form issue of share capital 108.5 - Cash outflow from buy out of Cabka minority shareholders -63.3 - Cash inflow (+) / outflow (-) for other financial liabilities -0.9 -0.9 Cash outflow for the repayment of liabilities to banks -9.3 -3.7 Cash inflow from receipt of liabilities to banks 4.5 2.9 Interest paid -1.8 -1.9 Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 37.7 -3.5 Changes in cash and cash equivalents 11.1 0.8 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 10.0 9.2 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 21.0 10.01 Mid-term guidance: High single digit revenue growth; >20% EBITDA margin; ~4% maintenance and replacement CAPEX and ~20% NWC as percentage of revenues; ~30-35% pay-out ratio of net profit (€ 0.15 for 2022FY)2 Excluding IPO costs3 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe4 The condensed income statement provides underlying operational performance and is not an IFRS statement. The IFRS income statement is provided in the Appendix and includes items management qualified as non-operational.5 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe6 All conversions from USD to € based on the 31 December 2022 exchange rate of € 0.94477 per USD 1.007 IAS 36 and IAS 168 The qualification non-operational is not an IFRS qualification. It is a management accounting term to indicate this is not part of regular operations. This amount excludes the indirect costs incurred from the use of external tollers.9 After costs  negative interest  and warrant conversion10 As assumed by Cabka for the Warrants at € 12 and € 13 and Special Shares at € 1211 The Warrants are reclassified from liabilities to equity. Due to this reclassification  they are no longer to be remeasured each reporting date  but they do still carry value.12 For full disclosure of potential dilution from outstanding warrants  special shares and (employee) performance shares see paragraph 17 of the Cabka Half Year Report published 17 August 2022.13 The condensed income statement provides operational and non-operational result items for insight on underlying operational performance. The attached statements II to V provide integral IFRS statements without this distinction.14 This represents a purely non-cash accounting-only loss with no impact on the IFRS Equity  Balance Sheet total  or Cash Flow. Please see page 5 under ‘listing’ for more details.15 This includes both direct impact and indirect impact16 Includes income from Insurance St. Louis flooding17 This represents a purely non-cash accounting-only loss with no impact on the IFRS Equity  Balance Sheet total  or Cash Flow.Attachments,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.14,0.31,True,English,"['sound fundamentals', 'Cabka', 'Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V.', 'Two significant multi-year customized solutions contracts', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'Reusable Transport Packaging business', 'Other operating income items', 'Cabka North America Inc.', 'cash IPO listing expenses', 'Preliminary unaudited operational income', 'high-single digit sales growth', 'several major contracts', 'Cabka N.V.', 'extraordinary inflation levels', 'ESG value proposition', 'blue chip clients', 'temporary output reduction', 'exceptional flash floods', 'operational income statement4', 'blue chip customers', 'strong market position', 'Resilient operational EBITDA', 'Total Operating Income', 'Cabka Group GmbH', 'US retailer Target', 'European pooler CHEP', 'Net Working Capital', '2022 full year results', 'St. Louis site', 'Operational EBITDA margin', 'Net Income', 'preliminary non', 'Non-operational items', 'Market Highlights', 'new capital', 'Genthin site', 'main customers', 'full ownership', 'growth strategy', '23% topline growth', 'continued growth', '30% US growth', 'top-level growth', 'organic growth', 'Cabka CEO', 'ECO business', 'Net Result', 'Net debt', 'business combination', 'mid-term guidance1', 'plastic waste', 'Tim Litjens', 'environmental challenges', 'intrinsic value-add', 'customer base', 'solid base', 'US markets', 'sustainability targets', 'geopolitical tensions', 'material markets', 'delay effect', 'various rounds', 'price increases', 'overall efficiencies', 'capacity expansion', 'asset base', 'great agility', 'rapid outsourcing', 'second quarter', 'innovation center', 'valuable experience', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'Financial Highlights', 'Gross profit', 'gross margin', 'dilution effect', 'last year', 'lagging effect', 'replacement investments', '100% shareholders’ support', 'minority shareholders', 'Two-tier Board', 'executive level', 'Recycled material', 'European average', 'production capacity', 'production efficiency', 'swift response', 'additional material', 'US subsidiary', 'remaining 7.71% shares', 'Record sales', 'annualized sales', 'Change Sales', 'Total CAPEX', 'pricing effect', 'rising costs', 'higher pricing', 'tolling costs', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'management team', '2022 sales', 'operations', 'distribution', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'RTP', 'economic', 'power', 'Portfolio', 'outperformance', 'circularity', 'products', 'plastics', 'March', 'volatility', 'energy', 'improved', 'economies', 'scale', 'flooding', 'goal', 'end', 'organization', 'Story', 'recovery', 'rapidly', 'materials', 'margins', 'proceeds', 'maintenance', 'Strategic', 'May', 'September', 'Restructuring', 'consolidation', 'Weira', 'Germany', 'plant', 'MO', 'July', 'service']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20597,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERMENTALG-16118042/news/Fermentalg-Fermentalg-strengthens-its-cash-position-through-a-EUR6-3-million-bond-issue-with-f-43254178/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Fermentalg :  Fermentalg strengthens its cash position through a EUR6.3 million bond issue with four European investors  to boost its development plan,(marketscreener.com)  Libourne - March 15  2023 - Fermentalg   the French microalgae expert  announces that it has completed as of March 14th a €6.3 million convertible bond issue subscribed by four European investors.Philippe Lavielle  CEO of Fermentalg  …,"Libourne - March 15  2023 - Fermentalg (Euronext - FALG)  the French microalgae expert  announces that it has completed as of March 14th a €6.3 million convertible bond issue subscribed by four European investors.Philippe Lavielle  CEO of Fermentalg  said: « The year 2023 promises to be an important one for Fermentalg with the start of industrial production and the pre-commercialization phases of our natural blue food colorant BLUE ORIGINS® and more generally with the gradual expansion of potential outlets for our various product platforms. In a context still marked in the short term by macroeconomic uncertainty and financial markets volatility  this €6.3 million bond financing gives us additional resources to serve our development ambitions and seize opportunities to accelerate our growth. »Main characteristics of the bond issueThe issue of convertible bonds was decided on the basis of the delegation of powers granted by the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company on June 15  2022 under its 17th resolution. The 6 847 828 convertible bonds issued  with a nominal value of €1 each and a total nominal value of €6 847 828  were subscribed at 92% of their nominal value  i.e. for a total subscription price of €6.3 million. They will not bear interest and will mature on March 13  2026.The subscription price  paid up in cash  is paid in full on the day of subscription. The conversion price of the convertible bonds will be based on the stock market price at the time of conversion[1] in compliance with the price rule and the ceiling fixed by the General Meeting[2]. The proceeds of the issue will be used to finance the company's operating and investment needs and to extend its cash visibility from 18 to more than 24 months. The unconverted bonds are redeemable at 100% of their nominal value at the end of a period of 36 months following the issue date of the loan. The bonds are convertible at any time between the issue date and the maturity of the bond issue.As an indication  if all the convertible bonds were converted on the basis of Fermentalg's share price at the close of March 14  2023[3]  a shareholder holding 1.00% of Fermentalg's share capital before the issuance and conversion of all the bonds would see his shareholding reduced to 0.89% of the share capital on a non-diluted basis and to 0.90% of the share capital on a diluted basis (taking into account the dilutive instruments already in existence on March 15  2023). The new shares resulting from the conversion of the convertible bonds will be subject to all the provisions of the bylaws  will be fully assimilated to the old ordinary shares and will enjoy the same rights.The transaction was advised and structured by Vester Finance  which is also underwriting the bond issue.Risk factorsThe risk factors affecting the Company are presented in paragraph 4 of the 2021 universal registration document as published by the Company on April 29  2022 and as updated in paragraph 2.5 and in note 25 of the 2022 half-year financial report published by the Company on September 30  2022 and available on the Company's website (at the following address https://www.fermentalg.com/investisseurs/rapports-financiers/).As the conversion price of the bonds depends on the evolution of the share price  the number of shares likely to be issued upon conversion of the bonds cannot be determined with precision on the day of issue of the bonds.The following table shows different assumptions for the variation of the dilution according to the evolution of the share price:Sensitivity table(Assumptions given for information purposes only) -10% Current* 10% €2.50 Shares created 5 353 411 4 818 070 4 380 064 2 913 969 Dilution on existing capital 12.7% 11.4% 10.4% 6.9% Impact on 1% of capital 0.87% 0.89% 0.90% 0.93% Dilution on diluted capital** 1.6% 10.5% 9.5% 6.3% Impact on 1% of capital 0.88% 0.90% 0.90% 0.94%* Closing price on March 14  2023  i.e. €1.51** On the basis of the dilutive instruments already in existence on March 15  2023  i.e. the OC2020 subscribed by DDW and the associated BSA-OC and the free shares.The dilution associated with the OC2020 is calculated on the basis of a conversion price of €1.75  which will become variable in case of conversion after June 20  2023Prospectus - Basis of the issueNo application will be made for the bonds to be admitted to trading on Euronext. The present issue does not give rise to the preparation of a prospectus subject to the approval of the “Autorité des Marchés Financiers” since it represents less than 20% of the capital over a rolling twelve-month period[4] and is for an amount of less than 8 million euros.In the event that the shares issued by the company  including shares to be issued upon conversion of the bonds  should represent a volume of new shares over a sliding 12-month period approaching 20% of the shares[5]  the company reserves the right to activate the contractual option of early redemption without charge or to seek the approval of the AMF for a prospectus.The 17th resolution of the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company of June 15  2022 provides for a delegation of authority  with cancellation of the preferential subscription right reserved for members of a category of persons  to decide on the issue of ordinary shares  financial securities or any securities that may give rise to one or more increases in the share capital for a maximum nominal amount of €600 000  i.e.  a maximum number of shares to be issued  in accordance with the terms of this delegation  of 15 000 000 shares with a par value of €0.04.The category of persons benefiting from the cancellation of the preferential subscription right includes in particular persons investing on a regular basis in growth companies known as ""small caps"" linked to the health and/or energy sector for minimum amounts of at least 100 000 euros including the issue premium per investment or per project  a category to which the investors belong.About FermentalgAs an expert in research and bioindustrial exploitation of microalgae  Fermentalg's objective is to offer sustainable solutions and innovative products contributing to the development of healthy  natural and efficient products. Our business : the development  production and marketing of sustainable solutions and active ingredients from microalgae for nutrition  health and the environment. Nutritional lipids  alternative proteins  natural food colorings and innovative environmental solutions make up our company's current and future offer.Fermentalg shares are listed on Euronext Paris (FR0011271600 - FALG) and are eligible for the PEA-PME and the ""SRD long-only"". It benefits from an Exemplary rating (85/100) from Gaïa Research  a rating agency specializing in ESG performance ratings of SMEs listed on European markets  in favor of Socially Responsible Investment (SRI).More information : www.fermentalg.comJournalists contact : Investor contact : ACTUS finance & communicationFatou-Kiné N'DIAYEphone : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationAnne-Catherine BONJOURphone: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93fermentalg@actus.fr[1] At least equal to the lower of €2.50 and 94% of the lowest of the daily volume-weighted average prices overa period of 15 days preceding the conversion request[2] The issue price of the shares must be ""at least equal to the average of the weighted average prices of the last three (3) trading sessions preceding the setting of the issue price  possibly reduced by a maximum discount of 25%.""[3] That is to say  on the basis of a share price of €1.51 and an effective conversion price of €1.42: issue of 4 818 070 new shares[4] The subscribers have undertaken not to request the conversion of bonds generating  over a rolling twelve-month period  the issuance of a number of shares equal to or greater than 20% of the company's shares.[5] It is specified  for all intents and purposes  that Fermentalg may issue  as of February 28  2023  a maximum number of 8 419 541 shares without a prospectus.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lG9rYshmZm2Wx52bapybbWdla2+Sm5SXbmPJl2ZulMqXbGtpmm1kaMnJZnBpnmlu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78948-fermentalg_cp_emission_oblig_20230314_vdef_uk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['EUR6.3 million bond issue', 'four European investors', 'cash position', 'development plan', 'Fermentalg', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'natural blue food colorant', 'sliding 12-month period approaching', '€6.3 million convertible bond issue', 'French microalgae expert', 'four European investors', 'various product platforms', 'financial markets volatility', '2021 universal registration document', '2022 half-year financial report', 'rolling twelve-month period', '€6.3 million bond financing', 'stock market price', 'old ordinary shares', 'total nominal value', 'total subscription price', 'BLUE ORIGINS®', '8 million euros', 'price rule', 'share price', 'Closing price', 'Philippe Lavielle', 'important one', 'industrial production', 'pre-commercialization phases', 'gradual expansion', 'potential outlets', 'short term', 'macroeconomic uncertainty', 'additional resources', 'development ambitions', 'Main characteristics', 'General Meeting', '17th resolution', 'investment needs', 'dilutive instruments', 'same rights', 'Vester Finance', 'Risk factors', 'following address', 'following table', 'Sensitivity table', 'information purposes', 'contractual option', 'early redemption', 'issue date', 'present issue', 'convertible bonds', 'share capital', 'existing capital', 'diluted capital', 'new shares', 'free shares', 'conversion price', 'cash visibility', 'different assumptions', 'unconverted bonds', 'diluted basis', 'Libourne', 'Fermentalg', 'Euronext', 'FALG', 'CEO', 'start', 'context', 'opportunities', 'growth', 'delegation', 'powers', 'Shareholders', 'Company', 'June', 'interest', 'day', 'time', 'compliance', 'ceiling', 'proceeds', 'operating', '24 months', 'end', '36 months', 'loan', 'maturity', 'indication', 'close', 'issuance', 'shareholding', 'account', 'existence', 'provisions', 'bylaws', 'transaction', 'paragraph', 'April', 'note', 'September', 'website', 'rapports-financiers', 'evolution', 'number', 'precision', 'variation', 'dilution', 'Impact', 'OC2020', 'DDW', 'associated', 'BSA-OC', 'case', 'Prospectus', 'application', 'rise', 'preparation', 'approval', 'less', 'amount', 'event', 'volume', 'charge', 'AMF', '18']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20598,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HUDDLESTOCK-FINTECH-AS-115787327/news/Huddlestock-Fintech-15-03-2023-Acquiring-Bricknode-Huddlestock-adds-MNOK-20-of-recurring-revenue-43247413/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Huddlestock Fintech : 15.03.2023 Acquiring Bricknode  Huddlestock adds MNOK 20 of recurring revenue  complementing fintech platform.,(marketscreener.com)   Huddlestock Fintech AS : Acquiring Bricknode  adding MNOK 20 of recurring revenue  complementing fintech platform.    Acquisition creating a Nordic wealth tech platform leader providing with end-to-end SaaS solutions.   Adding …,"Huddlestock Fintech AS (OSE: HUDL): Acquiring Bricknode  adding MNOK 20 of recurring revenue  complementing fintech platform. Acquisition creating a Nordic wealth tech platform leader providing with end-to-end SaaS solutions.end-to-end SaaS solutions. Adding MNOK 20 of recurring revenue to HuddlestockFirm cost synergies NOK 10 million and revenue synergies of NOK 25 million identified.All-shares deal giving Huddlestock shareholders 78.7 percent of Huddlestock following share exchange payment to Bricknode shareholders. Huddlestock Fintech AS (""Huddlestock"") has signed an asset purchase agreement agreeing to acquire all operational assets of the Swedish fintech company Bricknode Holding AB (""Bricknode"")  a B2B-focused SaaS company providing scalable  cloud-based software comprising the complete infrastructure of a financial service operation. The agreement offers strong business logic as the two companies' product and technology platforms are highly complementary. The combination is expected to generate significant cost synergies and an accelerated revenue growth from both upselling opportunities amongst the combined customer base and an expanded target market with the complete end-to-end solution. The cost savings have been identified as an approximate NOK 10 million effect  implemented over the next 9 months. For the revenue side it has been identified approximately NOK 25 million in increased customer revenues through the delivery of an improved onboarding process and a significantly shortened time to market approach. Another synergy is all the competent professional colleagues which will be complementing each other  working side by side. ""Huddlestock's vision is to democratise the financial industry  and by including Bricknode in the Huddlestock Group  we can support digitalisation of the financial industry even better and more efficiently. The two companies complement each other perfectly with Huddlestock having strong trading technology  access to global markets and an investment banking license  whereas Bricknode contributes proven back-office technology  operational services  front-end user interfaces along with highly competent teams from both companies "" said John E. Skajem  CEO of Huddlestock. The Bricknode acquisition is the fifth acquisition since Huddlestock was listed on Euronext Growth in 2021. The structure of the agreement implies that Huddlestock acquires the three operational subsidiaries of Bricknode  namely Bricknode Software AB  Bricknode Platform AB  and Bricknode Ltd (the ""Companies""). ""Our track record of value creation through M&A is strong  and by including Bricknode we will be able to extract significant synergies on the cost and revenue side  in addition to strengthening our product platform considerably. As a combined company  we can immediately access new customers efficiently and with credibility "" said Øyvind Hovland  Chairman of Huddlestock.Bricknode's software for investment management  funds and lending enables financial companies to rapidly launch a digital offering. The company also offers outsourcing solutions for back-office administration. Huddlestock will combine this with the company's existing investment banking license and technology base  broad customer network and market access through DNB and Baader Bank along with other eco system partners. With a strong customer base  Bricknode delivered revenues of SEK 18.3 million in 2022  a growth of 18 percent from 2021. ""We are excited to join forces with Huddlestock where our extensive product portfolio and domain knowledge will be implemented at great scale. In the 13 years Bricknode has been operating  we have invested over NOK 110 million in our technology and created an ecosystem of financial applications. All our software is cloud-native  which gives us unparalleled speed and scalability. Bricknode has a strong footprint in Sweden and further into the Nordics in general  servicing many B2B clients every day. Bricknode and Huddlestock have promising synergies and we are looking forward to working together in creating a unique European Fintech company "" said Stefan Willebrand  founder and co-CEO of Bricknode. In 2022  Bricknode had earnings before tax of negative SEK 18 million. The company has implemented a significant cost reduction program with proven effect from Q1 2023  reducing the operating losses to approximately SEK 0.6 million per month. By Q4 2023 Bricknode is expected to reach a profitable bottom line and positive cash flow on a run-rate basis. Prior to the closing of the transaction  Bricknode will procure that the three Companies being purchased  have a consolidated positive net cash position of SEK 4 million. The acquisition is an all-share deal  whereby Huddlestock shareholders will maintain 78.70 percent ownership of Huddlestock post-closing  and Bricknode shareholders 21.30 percent. Upon closing of the transaction Huddlestock will issue a Seller´s Credit of NOK 106 961 168 as payment to Bricknode Holding AS. The Seller´s Credit will be converted to a total of 41 138 911 shares in Huddlestock Fintech AS (""Consideration Shares"") with a conversion price of NOK 2.60 for each Huddlestock share. The Seller´s credit will be converted to shares in three tranches as follows: 19 000 000 shares being issued in first and second tranche and 3 138 911 shares being issued in third tranche. It will be a condition for the issuance under both second and third tranche that previous Consideration Shares received by Bricknode Holding AB have been transferred to its shareholders whereby Bricknode Holding AB at no time will own more than 9 9% of the issued shares of Huddlestock. Huddlestock will issue the Consideration Shares by using the current registered proxy to issue new shares. The founders of Bricknode  Holding AB Stefan Willebrand and Erik Hagelin  will receive Consideration Shares following distribution from Bricknode Holding AB. Willebrand and Hagelin have entered into a lock-up agreement for 60% of said shares for a 2-year period  in which 1/3 of the shares are released following 12 months after closing  1/3 released following 18 months and remaining 1/3 are released after 24 months. The acquisition is conditional on approval by Extraordinary General Meeting of Bricknode Holding AB  which will take place 31 March 2023. The majority requirement of the approval of the transaction is acceptance from 2/3 of the shareholders of Bricknode Holding AB. Bricknode Holding AB have received precommitment from shareholders representing 69 54% percent of the shares of Bricknode.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.23,0.16,True,English,"['recurring revenue', 'fintech platform', 'Huddlestock Fintech', 'Bricknode', 'MNOK', 'Nordic wealth tech platform leader', 'other eco system partners', 'positive net cash position', 'existing investment banking license', 'significant cost reduction program', 'unique European Fintech company', 'positive cash flow', 'front-end user interfaces', 'John E. Skajem', 'many B2B clients', 'profitable bottom line', 'strong business logic', 'broad customer network', 'extensive product portfolio', 'competent professional colleagues', 'expanded target market', 'financial service operation', 'strong customer base', 'Swedish fintech company', 'Firm cost synergies', 'scalable, cloud-based software', 'significant cost synergies', 'combined customer base', 'three operational subsidiaries', 'strong trading technology', 'asset purchase agreement', 'Bricknode Holding AB', 'Bricknode Platform AB', 'Bricknode Holding AS', 'share exchange payment', 'B2B-focused SaaS company', 'Huddlestock Fintech AS', ""two companies' product"", 'Bricknode Software AB', 'NOK 10 million effect', 'fintech platform', 'The Bricknode acquisition', 'product platform', 'significant synergies', 'investment management', 'strong footprint', 'technology base', 'combined company', 'cost savings', 'competent teams', 'share deal', 'revenue synergies', 'promising synergies', 'SaaS solutions', 'operational assets', 'market approach', 'operational services', 'three Companies', 'customer revenues', 'financial industry', 'financial applications', 'financial companies', 'recurring revenue', 'technology platforms', 'upselling opportunities', 'next 9 months', 'onboarding process', 'global markets', 'back-office technology', 'track record', 'value creation', 'M&A', 'new customers', 'Øyvind Hovland', 'digital offering', 'outsourcing solutions', 'back-office administration', 'Baader Bank', 'domain knowledge', 'great scale', 'unparalleled speed', 'Stefan Willebrand', 'operating losses', 'run-rate basis', 'The Seller', 'market access', 'fifth acquisition', 'revenue growth', 'revenue side', 'Euronext Growth', 'Bricknode shareholders', 'Bricknode Ltd', 'shares deal', 'complete infrastructure', 'Huddlestock shareholders', 'Huddlestock Group', 'end solution', 'negative SEK', '78.70 percent ownership', '41,138,911 shares', '78.7 percent', '18 percent', '30 percent', 'OSE', 'HUDL', 'MNOK', 'combination', 'approximate', 'delivery', 'time', 'synergy', 'vision', 'digitalisation', 'proven', 'CEO', 'addition', 'credibility', 'Chairman', 'funds', 'lending', 'DNB', 'forces', '13 years', 'ecosystem', 'scalability', 'Sweden', 'Nordics', 'general', 'founder', 'earnings', 'tax', 'Q1', 'Q4', 'closing', 'transaction', 'Credit', 'total', 'Cons', '2021']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20599,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOGECLAIR-S-A-5081/news/Sogeclair-annual-results-for-2022-43254185/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Sogeclair: annual results for 2022,(marketscreener.com) Blagnac  France  March 15th 2023-5.35pm Montreal  Canada ANNUAL RESULTS FOR 2022 Consolidated turnover: €134.9M  +11.5% EBITDA = €12.6M  +20.1%Equity = €60.7MDividend = 0.90 € per share SOGECLAIR  supplier of innovative solutions with hig…,"Blagnac  France  March 15th 2023-5.35pm Montreal  CanadaANNUAL RESULTS FOR 2022Consolidated turnover: €134.9M  +11.5% (Like-for-file perimeter and exchange rate basis: +8.1%)EBITDA(1) = €12.6M  +20.1%Equity = €60.7MDividend = 0.90 € per shareSOGECLAIR  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility announces today its financial results for the year ended December 31  2022.The Board of Directors met on March 09  2023 has approved the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022. The audit procedures on the annual accounts have been carried out.As announced and despite a negative base effect in the 4th quarter  activity grew by 11.5%  EBITDA increased significantly by +20.1%. The net result was penalized by the financial result which represents a difference of €1.45M compared to 2021 (exchange rate).In €M202220212022 / 2021Turnover134.9121.0 +11.5%EBITDA(1)12.610.5 +20.1%As % of turnover9.3%8.7%Operating income4.74.1 +14.3%As % of turnover3.5%3.4%Net Result2.63.4 -23.8%Including group share2.02.6 -25.2%(1) Operating result – other operating income and charges + amortization expenses and operating provisionsHIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR:- The deployment of the ""ONE SOGECLAIR"" organization in 3 Business Units: Engineering  Solutions and Conseil (newly created activity) - The strong recovery of commercial aviation and the good performance of business aviation - The refund of more than 3/4 of the State guaranteed loans taken out in 2020 following the health crisis.By geographical area: within the framework of the ONE SOGECLAIR organization  the geographical areas  which are the main sources of operational decisions  are intended to serve our different Business Units by profession.EuropeAfrica America AsiaPacific Turnover 102.1 27.1 5.8 EBITDA 11.5 -1.0 1.4 Operating income 6.4 -2.0 1.1Differences are due to the holding company and roundingBy Business Unit:Engineering Solutions Conseil Turnover 71.8 62.1 1.0 EBITDA 6.1 5.9 -0.1 Operating income 5.1 0.5 -0.0Differences are due to the holding company and roundingCOMMERCIAL EVENTS AND PARTNERSHIPS:Engineering Business Unit (support for manufacturers in the development  processes and product life cycle) Winning of the EMES 3 referencing of Airbus (all entities) for 5 years (2023-2028)  Bombardier's Diamond supplier label for the second consecutive year  Strong involvement in the Dassault Falcon 10X (development and manufacturing engineering)  1 st contract with the Boeing Group  Winning of a contract for the ES-19 electric-powered aircraft from Heart Aerospace.(support for manufacturers in the development  processes and product life cycle)Solutions Business Unit (equipment manufacturer) After Renault in 2017 and Dassault Systèmes in 2021  UTAC-CERAM has joined the capital of AVSimulation (15%) to accelerate the development of vehicle testing in a virtual environment  Transformation of the Savannah plant into a service center  Tension on supplies.(equipment manufacturer)Conseil Business Unit (audit  consulting in materials  product and project performance  digital and connected industry) Newly created activity  Significant orders in the aeronautics and space industry with manufacturers  equipment suppliers and their supply chain (France  Canada  Germany).(audit  consulting in materials  product and project performance  digital and connected industry)PROFITABILITY AND FINANCIAL STRUCTUREOperating profitability grew faster (+14.3%) than turnover (+11.5%) despite the additional costs of the large simulators (€2.9 million for the year) and the closure of the Savannah plant.The financial result includes a negative exchange rate difference of €1 million  compared with a positive difference of €0.43 million in 2021.Shareholders' equity stood at €60.7 million and financial debt at €16.3 million increased under the combined effect of:- The decrease of the Covid social debt by 4.3M€ (to 5.7M€) - The resumption of the historical dividend policy at €2.8M - The reinforcement of investments which increased by 0.9M€ - The growth of the WCR due to the growth of activity.The R&D effort has been maintained at a high level of over 10% of turnover (€13.7 million).DIVIDEND PROPOSALOn March 9  2023  the Board of Directors decided to propose a stable dividend of €0.90 per share to the Annual General Meeting of May 11  2023.PERSPECTIVESSOGECLAIR is driven by markets expected to grow over the next 5 years. The multidisciplinary expertise (mechanical  mechatronic  software and systems) and the geographical areas will increase their synergies to offer customers solutions in line with their own challenges for safer and less-consuming transport.Thanks to its technological investments  SOGECLAIR anticipates a new year of growth in 2023.Performance is expected to increase under the combined effect of the passing on to customers of price increases  the revenues of the large automobile simulators and the strengthening and optimization of purchases.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 03th 2022 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SogeclairSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Officer Operating / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.16,0.57,True,English,"['annual results', 'Sogeclair', '2022', 'Europe Africa America Asia', 'negative exchange rate difference', 'exchange rate basis', 'Dassault Falcon 10X', 'ES-19 electric-powered aircraft', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'R&D effort', 'Engineering Solutions Conseil Turnover', 'negative base effect', 'high added value', 'Covid social debt', 'Annual General Meeting', 'different Business Units', 'product life cycle', 'Diamond supplier label', 'historical dividend policy', 'Conseil Business Unit', 'Engineering Business Unit', 'ONE SOGECLAIR"" organization', 'ONE SOGECLAIR organization', 'Solutions Business Unit', 'second consecutive year', 'other operating income', '3 Business Units', 'business aviation', 'manufacturing engineering', 'financial debt', 'high level', 'ANNUAL RESULTS', 'annual accounts', 'positive difference', 'combined effect', 'innovative solutions', 'operating provisions', 'file perimeter', 'less-consuming mobility', 'financial results', 'financial statements', '4th quarter', 'net result', 'amortization expenses', 'strong recovery', 'commercial aviation', 'health crisis', 'geographical area', 'main sources', 'operational decisions', 'holding company', 'COMMERCIAL EVENTS', 'EMES 3 referencing', 'Strong involvement', 'Boeing Group', 'Heart Aerospace', 'equipment manufacturer', 'vehicle testing', 'virtual environment', 'Savannah plant', 'service center', 'connected industry', 'Significant orders', 'space industry', 'equipment suppliers', 'supply chain', 'FINANCIAL STRUCTURE', 'additional costs', 'large simulators', 'DIVIDEND PROPOSAL', 'stable dividend', 'multidisciplinary expertise', 'mechanical, mechatronic', 'less-consuming transport', 'good performance', 'project performance', 'Operating profitability', 'Consolidated turnover', 'Pacific Turnover', '1 st contract', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'next 5 years', 'technological investments', 'new year', 'audit procedures', 'group share', 'Blagnac', 'France', 'March', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'EBITDA', 'safer', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'activity', 'charges', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'deployment', 'refund', '3/4', 'loans', 'framework', 'profession', 'Differences', 'PARTNERSHIPS', 'support', 'manufacturers', 'development', 'processes', 'Airbus', 'entities', 'Bombardier', 'Renault', 'capital', 'AVSimulation', 'Transformation', 'Tension', 'supplies', 'consulting', 'materials', 'digital', 'aeronautics', 'Germany', 'decrease', '4.3M', '5.7M', 'resumption', 'reinforcement', '0.9M', 'growth', 'WCR', 'May', 'PERSPECTIVES', 'markets', 'software', 'systems', 'synergies', 'customers', 'line', 'challenges', 'passing', '€', '4.7']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20600,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXPRIVIA-S-P-A-76278/news/Exprivia-S-p-A-board-of-Directors-approves-2022-Annual-Financial-report-43253467/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Exprivia S p A : ' board of Directors approves 2022 Annual Financial report,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   EXPRIVIA' BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES 2022 ANNUAL   FINANCIAL REPORT   NET PROFIT EQUAL TO 11.5 MILLION EURO  +13.8%   STRONG IMPROVEMENT IN NET FINANCIAL DEBT    Revenues: 183.7 million  +1.1% compared…,"In 2022  Exprivia substantially keeps the previous year's level of revenues with a slight increase (+1%)  approaching 184 million euro  though accompanied by a high marginality that allows it to exceed 11 million euro in net result and reduce its financial debt by more than 8 million euro  thus maintaining solid fundamentals for long-term growth.The overall performance has been up in all the markets in which the Group operates  Aerospace up +12%  Oil&Gas +22%  Industry +19%  and Public Administration +8%. The other markets  Finance & Insurance and Healthcare were Substantially stable. The Telco&Media market is in contraction  still subject to the difficulties of the sector in Italy. Good performance in foreign markets  Spain  Brazil and China  which recorded a total of +17%.In 2022  the Exprivia Group recorded +1.1% increase in revenues and a gross operating margin of 13.7% of total revenues  leading to a net profit of EUR 11.5 million. Net financial debt improved strongly at EUR -18.3 million compared to EUR -26.5 million in 2021.March 15  2023. The Board of Directors of Exprivia - a company listed on the Euronext market of Borsa ItalianaPRESS RELEASEResults of the Parent Company as at the 31st December 2022Revenues are equal to EUR 164.2 million  -0.1% compared to EUR 164.3 million in 2021.EBITDA amounted to EUR 25.5 million (15.6 % of revenue)  up -1.9 % from EUR 26.0 million in 2021. EBIT amounted to EUR 18.8 million (11.4 % of revenue)  up 4.7 % from EUR 17.9 million in 2021. Net profit amounted to EUR 12 million (7.3 % of revenue)  compared to euro 10.2 million in 2021. Shareholders' equity at the 31st December 2022 has been EUR 85.3 million  compared to EUR 76.4 million at 31 December 2021.Net financial deb at 31 December 2022 was EUR -20.1 million compared to EUR -29.2 million at 31 December 2021  thus improving by EUR 9.1 million.Further decisions of the Board of DirectorsToday's Board of Directors reviewed and approved the Directors' Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structures  the Report on Remuneration Policy and Compensation Paid  and the Consolidated Non- Financial Statement for 2022 pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/16.The Board also approved the proposal to request the Shareholders' Meeting to issue a new authorisation to purchase and dispose of treasury shares pursuant to Articles 2357 and 2357-ter of the Italian Civil Code.The Board of Directors also received from the Board of Statutory Auditors the Reasoned Recommendation for the assignment of the legal auditing of the accounts for the nine-year period 2023-2031  which it will submit to the Shareholders' Meeting  as the previous mandate to PwC has expired.Lastly  the Board of Directors resolved to call an Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting at the same time as the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting  to which the proposal to amend Articles 19 and 23 of the Articles of Association will be submitted with regard to the procedures for holding meetings of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors.""In 2022 "" says Domenico Favuzzi  Exprivia's Chairman and CEO  we have continued to consolidate the company's assets  maintaining good levels of marginality and aiming to reduce debt  a necessary drive to prepare ourselves to seize the best opportunities for growth and development in the ICT market. To the satisfactory performance achieved in important markets such as Aerospace  Energy and Public Administration  we have added growth in foreign markets and an increasing commitment to the crucial technologies of Cybersecurity and Artificial Intelligence. Exprivia's primary objective remains the building of skills and solutions aimed at transferring to customers the fruits of the most advanced digital technologies and the related benefits in terms of ESG issues management"".The manager responsible for preparing the company's financial reports  Donato Dalbis  declares  pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article 154 bis of the Consolidated Law on Finance  that the accounting information contained in this press release corresponds to the document results  books and accounting records.2",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.11,0.25,True,English,"['2022 Annual Financial report', 'Exprivia S', 'board', 'Directors', 'Consolidated Non- Financial Statement', 'The Telco&Media market', 'gross operating margin', 'Italian Legislative Decree', 'Italian Civil Code', 'ESG issues management', 'advanced digital technologies', 'Net financial deb', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Consolidated Law', 'financial debt', 'financial reports', 'Euronext market', 'ICT market', 'crucial technologies', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'net result', 'net profit', 'The Board', 'previous year', 'solid fundamentals', 'overall performance', 'Oil&Gas', 'Public Administration', 'Good performance', 'Borsa Italiana', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Further decisions', 'Corporate Governance', 'Ownership Structures', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Compensation Paid', 'new authorisation', 'treasury shares', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Reasoned Recommendation', 'legal auditing', 'nine-year period', 'previous mandate', 'same time', 'Domenico Favuzzi', 'good levels', 'necessary drive', 'best opportunities', 'satisfactory performance', 'increasing commitment', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'primary objective', 'related benefits', 'Donato Dalbis', 'accounting information', 'accounting records', 'other markets', 'foreign markets', 'important markets', 'slight increase', 'high marginality', '8 million euro', 'document results', '31st December', 'long-term growth', 'Parent Company', 'total revenues', 'Exprivia Group', ""Directors' Report"", '11 million', '+1.1% increase', '31 December', 'Aerospace', 'Industry', 'Finance', 'Insurance', 'Healthcare', 'contraction', 'difficulties', 'sector', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'Brazil', 'China', 'March', 'EBITDA', 'Today', 'proposal', 'Articles', 'assignment', 'accounts', 'PwC', 'Association', 'regard', 'procedures', 'holding', 'meetings', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'assets', 'development', 'Energy', 'Cybersecurity', 'building', 'skills', 'solutions', 'customers', 'fruits', 'terms', 'manager', 'paragraph', 'books']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20601,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2628032/0/en/Sogeclair-annual-results-for-2022.html,Sogeclair: annual results for 2022,Blagnac  France  March 15th 2023-5.35pm Montreal  Canada    ANNUAL RESULTS FOR 2022    Consolidated turnover: €134.9M  +11.5% (Like-for-file perimeter...,"English FrenchBlagnac  France  March 15th 2023-5.35pm Montreal  CanadaANNUAL RESULTS FOR 2022Consolidated turnover: €134.9M  +11.5% (Like-for-file perimeter and exchange rate basis: +8.1%)EBITDA(1) = €12.6M  +20.1%Equity = €60.7MDividend = 0.90 € per shareSOGECLAIR  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility announces today its financial results for the year ended December 31  2022.The Board of Directors met on March 09  2023 has approved the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022. The audit procedures on the annual accounts have been carried out.As announced and despite a negative base effect in the 4th quarter  activity grew by 11.5%  EBITDA increased significantly by +20.1%. The net result was penalized by the financial result which represents a difference of €1.45M compared to 2021 (exchange rate).In €M202220212022 / 2021Turnover134.9121.0 +11.5%EBITDA(1)12.610.5 +20.1%As % of turnover9.3%8.7%Operating income4.74.1 +14.3%As % of turnover3.5%3.4%Net Result2.63.4 -23.8%Including group share2.02.6 -25.2%(1) Operating result – other operating income and charges + amortization expenses and operating provisionsHIGHLIGHTS OF THE YEAR:- The deployment of the ""ONE SOGECLAIR"" organization in 3 Business Units: Engineering  Solutions and Conseil (newly created activity) - The strong recovery of commercial aviation and the good performance of business aviation - The refund of more than 3/4 of the State guaranteed loans taken out in 2020 following the health crisis.By geographical area: within the framework of the ONE SOGECLAIR organization  the geographical areas  which are the main sources of operational decisions  are intended to serve our different Business Units by profession.EuropeAfrica America AsiaPacific Turnover 102.1 27.1 5.8 EBITDA 11.5 -1.0 1.4 Operating income 6.4 -2.0 1.1Differences are due to the holding company and roundingBy Business Unit:Engineering Solutions Conseil Turnover 71.8 62.1 1.0 EBITDA 6.1 5.9 -0.1 Operating income 5.1 0.5 -0.0Differences are due to the holding company and roundingCOMMERCIAL EVENTS AND PARTNERSHIPS:Engineering Business Unit (support for manufacturers in the development  processes and product life cycle) Winning of the EMES 3 referencing of Airbus (all entities) for 5 years (2023-2028)  Bombardier's Diamond supplier label for the second consecutive year  Strong involvement in the Dassault Falcon 10X (development and manufacturing engineering)  1 st contract with the Boeing Group  Winning of a contract for the ES-19 electric-powered aircraft from Heart Aerospace.(support for manufacturers in the development  processes and product life cycle)Solutions Business Unit (equipment manufacturer) After Renault in 2017 and Dassault Systèmes in 2021  UTAC-CERAM has joined the capital of AVSimulation (15%) to accelerate the development of vehicle testing in a virtual environment  Transformation of the Savannah plant into a service center  Tension on supplies.(equipment manufacturer)Conseil Business Unit (audit  consulting in materials  product and project performance  digital and connected industry) Newly created activity  Significant orders in the aeronautics and space industry with manufacturers  equipment suppliers and their supply chain (France  Canada  Germany).(audit  consulting in materials  product and project performance  digital and connected industry)PROFITABILITY AND FINANCIAL STRUCTUREOperating profitability grew faster (+14.3%) than turnover (+11.5%) despite the additional costs of the large simulators (€2.9 million for the year) and the closure of the Savannah plant.The financial result includes a negative exchange rate difference of €1 million  compared with a positive difference of €0.43 million in 2021.Shareholders' equity stood at €60.7 million and financial debt at €16.3 million increased under the combined effect of:- The decrease of the Covid social debt by 4.3M€ (to 5.7M€) - The resumption of the historical dividend policy at €2.8M - The reinforcement of investments which increased by 0.9M€ - The growth of the WCR due to the growth of activity.The R&D effort has been maintained at a high level of over 10% of turnover (€13.7 million).DIVIDEND PROPOSALOn March 9  2023  the Board of Directors decided to propose a stable dividend of €0.90 per share to the Annual General Meeting of May 11  2023.PERSPECTIVESSOGECLAIR is driven by markets expected to grow over the next 5 years. The multidisciplinary expertise (mechanical  mechatronic  software and systems) and the geographical areas will increase their synergies to offer customers solutions in line with their own challenges for safer and less-consuming transport.Thanks to its technological investments  SOGECLAIR anticipates a new year of growth in 2023.Performance is expected to increase under the combined effect of the passing on to customers of price increases  the revenues of the large automobile simulators and the strengthening and optimization of purchases.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 03th 2022 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SogeclairSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Officer Operating / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie Thabard / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.19,0.43,True,English,"['annual results', 'Sogeclair', '2022', 'Europe Africa America Asia', 'negative exchange rate difference', 'English French Blagnac', 'exchange rate basis', 'Dassault Falcon 10X', 'ES-19 electric-powered aircraft', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'R&D effort', 'Engineering Solutions Conseil Turnover', 'negative base effect', 'high added value', 'Covid social debt', 'Annual General Meeting', 'different Business Units', 'product life cycle', 'Diamond supplier label', 'historical dividend policy', 'Conseil Business Unit', 'Engineering Business Unit', 'ONE SOGECLAIR"" organization', 'ONE SOGECLAIR organization', 'Solutions Business Unit', 'second consecutive year', 'other operating income', '3 Business Units', 'business aviation', 'manufacturing engineering', 'financial debt', 'high level', 'ANNUAL RESULTS', 'annual accounts', 'positive difference', 'combined effect', 'innovative solutions', 'operating provisions', 'file perimeter', 'less-consuming mobility', 'financial results', 'financial statements', '4th quarter', 'net result', 'amortization expenses', 'strong recovery', 'commercial aviation', 'health crisis', 'geographical area', 'main sources', 'operational decisions', 'holding company', 'COMMERCIAL EVENTS', 'EMES 3 referencing', 'Strong involvement', 'Boeing Group', 'Heart Aerospace', 'equipment manufacturer', 'vehicle testing', 'virtual environment', 'Savannah plant', 'service center', 'connected industry', 'Significant orders', 'space industry', 'equipment suppliers', 'supply chain', 'FINANCIAL STRUCTURE', 'additional costs', 'large simulators', 'DIVIDEND PROPOSAL', 'stable dividend', 'multidisciplinary expertise', 'mechanical, mechatronic', 'less-consuming transport', 'good performance', 'project performance', 'Operating profitability', 'Consolidated turnover', 'Pacific Turnover', '1 st contract', ""Shareholders' equity"", 'next 5 years', 'technological investments', 'new year', 'audit procedures', 'group share', 'France', 'March', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'EBITDA', 'safer', 'Board', 'Directors', 'activity', 'charges', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'deployment', 'refund', '3/4', 'loans', 'framework', 'profession', 'Differences', 'PARTNERSHIPS', 'support', 'manufacturers', 'development', 'processes', 'Airbus', 'entities', 'Bombardier', 'Renault', 'capital', 'AVSimulation', 'Transformation', 'Tension', 'supplies', 'consulting', 'materials', 'digital', 'aeronautics', 'Germany', 'decrease', '4.3M', '5.7M', 'resumption', 'reinforcement', '0.9M', 'growth', 'WCR', 'May', 'PERSPECTIVES', 'markets', 'software', 'systems', 'synergies', 'customers', 'line', 'challenges', 'passing', '€', '4.7']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20602,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RANDSTAD-N-V-6432/news/Randstad-N-US-releases-second-annual-EDI-A-report-43254151/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Randstad N : US releases second annual EDI&A report,(marketscreener.com)  report details organization's focus on equity  diversity  inclusion and accessibility in 2022 as well as strategic plans for the future   ATLANTA - March 15  2023 - For the second consecutive year  Randstad US has released its Equity…,"report details organization's focus on equity  diversity  inclusion and accessibility in 2022 as well as strategic plans for the futureATLANTA - March 15  2023 - For the second consecutive year  Randstad US has released its Equity  Diversity  Inclusion and Accessibility (EDI&A) report  highlighting the organization's efforts in fostering a more equitable and sustainable world. The report includes a comprehensive EDI&A strategy overview  stories and spotlights that reiterate Randstad's commitment and specific actions that the organization has taken to create a more diverse workforce.Highlights from Randstad's EDI&A efforts over the past year include:Added two additional Business Resource Groups to expand representationAppointment of a Global CHROAppointment of the first Global Chief Equity OfficerEntered into a joint sourcing and skilling partnership with OneTenEstablished Global Diversity Council (GDC)Hosted several internal and external events to better position the organization as a leader in the EDI&A spaceJoined the Second Chance Business CoalitionThe report also introduces new Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer  Floss Aggrey.""At Randstad  we seek to ensure that everyone feels as though they belong. Through intentional programs  strategies designed to facilitate the attraction and retention of a qualified diverse workforce  and active community engagement  we seek to foster an equitable environment. It is an honor and a privilege to be the executive responsible for championing  leading  and developing core EDI&A programs in North America.""Though Aggrey is thrilled by the progress that Randstad has made to date  she also understands that EDI&A is a constant journey.""While we acknowledge our accomplishments  we continue to institute parameters that govern a growing sense of equity and awareness around shared experiences; this is the key to sustained success. I am proud of the work that we have done thus far and excited for what we have slated to accomplish in the future.""The report details the organization's strategic plan to sustain this success in the future. Randstad's key  ongoing priorities for 2023 include:Supporting clients  vendors and teams with leading EDI&A insights and programsStrategically engaging diverse outreach groups and member associationsIncreasing diverse representation in our workforcePromoting equity  inclusion and accessibility at every levelDownload a copy of the Equity  Diversity  Inclusion and Accessibility report here.About RandstadRandstad North America  Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Randstad N.V.  the world's largest talent company and a partner of choice to clients. We are committed to providing equitable opportunities to people from all backgrounds and helping them remain relevant in the rapidly changing world of work. We have a deep understanding of the labor market and help our clients to create the high-quality  diverse and agile workforces they need to succeed.Randstad was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Diemen  the Netherlands. In 2022  in our 39 markets  we helped more than 2 million people find a job that feels good and advised over 230 000 clients on their talent needs. We generated revenue of €27.6 billion. Randstad N.V. is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam. For more information  seewww.randstad.comRandstad's North American operations comprise 7 100 associates and a deployed workforce of 91 100 in the U.S. and Canada. In addition to staffing and recruitment  Randstad offers outsourcing  consulting and workforce management solutions for generalist and specialist disciplines  including technology  engineering  accounting and finance  clinical and non-clinical healthcare  human resources  legal  life sciences  manufacturing and logistics  office and administration and sales and marketing. Global concepts available to North American client companies include RPO  MSP  integrated talent solutions  payrolling and independent contractor management and career transition services. Learn more at www.randstadusa.comor www.randstad.ca.Media contacts:Kiara Reynolds-Westry678.624.2472kiara.reynolds-westry@randstadusa.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['second annual EDI&A report', 'Randstad N', 'US', 'two additional Business Resource Groups', 'comprehensive EDI&A strategy overview', 'first Global Chief Equity Officer', 'Second Chance Business Coalition', 'leading EDI&A insights', 'North American client companies', 'core EDI&A programs', 'EDI&A space', 'North American operations', 'diverse outreach groups', 'second consecutive year', 'active community engagement', 'independent contractor management', 'career transition services', 'EDI&A efforts', 'new Chief Diversity', 'largest talent company', 'integrated talent solutions', 'EDI&A) report', 'key, ongoing priorities', 'workforce management solutions', 'Global Diversity Council', 'Randstad N.V.', 'qualified diverse workforce', 'Randstad North America', 'Global CHRO', 'Global concepts', 'Inclusion Officer', 'talent needs', 'past year', 'high-quality, diverse', 'intentional programs', 'strategic plans', 'specific actions', 'joint sourcing', 'skilling partnership', 'several internal', 'external events', 'constant journey', 'growing sense', 'member associations', 'deep understanding', 'labor market', 'agile workforces', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'U.S.', 'specialist disciplines', 'human resources', 'life sciences', 'Media contacts', 'diverse representation', 'sustainable world', 'equitable environment', 'equitable opportunities', 'changing world', 'Floss Aggrey', 'sustained success', '2 million people', 'clinical healthcare', 'Kiara Reynolds-Westry', 'Randstad US', 'Supporting clients', 'Accessibility report', '230,000 clients', 'organization', 'focus', 'future', 'ATLANTA', 'March', 'stories', 'spotlights', 'commitment', 'Highlights', 'Appointment', 'OneTen', 'GDC', 'leader', 'everyone', 'strategies', 'attraction', 'retention', 'honor', 'privilege', 'executive', 'progress', 'date', 'accomplishments', 'parameters', 'awareness', 'experiences', 'vendors', 'teams', 'level', 'copy', 'owned', 'subsidiary', 'choice', 'backgrounds', 'rapidly', 'Diemen', 'Netherlands', '39 markets', 'job', 'revenue', 'information', '7,100 associates', 'Canada', 'staffing', 'recruitment', 'outsourcing', 'consulting', 'generalist', 'technology', 'engineering', 'accounting', 'finance', 'legal', 'manufacturing', 'logistics', 'administration', 'sales', 'marketing', 'RPO', 'MSP', 'payrolling', 'randstadusa', '2022', '2023']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20603,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-43254383/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 15 Mar 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -  …,"15 Mar 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 8 and 14 March 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 31 May 2018 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 1 388 254 on 14 March 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 54 367 928.- End of abstract -In existence since 1805  and across family generations  D'Ieteren Group seeks growth and value creation by pursuing a strategy on the long term for its businesses and actively encouraging and supporting them to develop their position in their industry and geographies. The Group currently owns the following businesses:Belron (50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22.(50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Automotive (100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22.(100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22. PHE (c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22.(c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22. TVH (40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22.(40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22. Moleskine (100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22.(100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Immo (100%) groups together the Belgian real estate interests of D'Ieteren Group. It owns and manages 35 sites which generated €22.3m net rental income in FY-22. It also pursues investment projects and carries out studies into possible site renovations.Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.14,0.1,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'leading global independent distributor', 'global multichannel platform', 'full press release', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""D'Ieteren Automotive"", 'aspirational lifestyle brand', 'iconic branded notebooks', ""D'Ieteren Group"", 'other insurance claims', 'share buyback programme', 'vehicle glass repair', 'unique operating model', 'leading brands', 'independent distribution', 'The Group', 'business model', 'operating result', 'operating profit', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'family generations', 'value creation', 'long term', 'real care', 'insurance customers', 'fluid, accessible', 'sustainable mobility', 'spare parts', 'Western Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aftermarket parts', 'material handling', 'agricultural equipment', 'human genius', 'entire world', 'market share', 'clear purpose', 'Porsche vehicles', '1.2 million vehicles', 'regulated market', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'worldwide leader', 'following businesses', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '14 March', '31 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'existence', 'growth', 'strategy', 'position', 'industry', 'geographies', 'Belron', 'difference', 'people', 'problems', 'replacement', '37 countries', 'franchises', 'Carglass®', 'Safelite', 'Autoglass', 'addition', 'behalf', 'Sales', 'adjusted', 'FY-22', 'Volkswagen', 'Audi', 'SEAT', 'Škoda', 'Bentley', 'Lamborghini', 'Bugatti', 'Cupra', 'Rimac', 'Belgium', 'road', 'lives', 'citizens', 'PHE', 'France', 'Luxemburg', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'mission', 'affordable', 'TVH', 'construction', 'industrial', '26 countries', 'Moleskine', 'premium', 'travel', 'accessories', 'hands', 'paper', 'creativity', 'knowledge', 'individual', '8']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20604,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301773364.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 15 March 2023  delivered 1 360 ordinary shares to employees in view of the vesting of an equivalent number of share units that have been granted subject to the terms of the respective DSM Incentive Plan. On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 148 632. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0008%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.1,0.64,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '1,360 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'exercise', 'commitments', '15 March', 'terms', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.co.uk
20605,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Final-NAV-43254404/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 28/02/2023. Final NAV   Euro Shares Sterling Share…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/02/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.2843 £ 24.0550 Final MTD return 0.08 % 0.19 % Final YTD return -1.75 % -1.52 % Final ITD return 172.84 % 140.55 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '8']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20606,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2628055/0/en/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Final-NAV.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares     The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/02/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 27.2843 £ 24.0550 Final MTD return 0.08 % 0.19 % Final YTD return -1.75 % -1.52 % Final ITD return 172.84 % 140.55 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment', '8']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20607,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OPENJOBMETIS-S-P-A-25358957/news/Openjobmetis-S-p-A-The-Board-of-Directors-approves-the-results-as-at-31-december-2022-43250787/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Openjobmetis S p A : The Board of Directors approves the results as at 31 december 2022,(marketscreener.com)     PRESS RELEASE   THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE RESULTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022   2022 REVENUE HIGHER THAN 2021 REVENUE   2022 NET PROFIT OF EUR 14.3 MILLION  +33.6% COMPARED TO 2021   ...https://www.marketscreener.…,"Openjobmetis S p A : The Board of Directors approves the results as at 31 december 2022 03/15/2023 | 07:30am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVES THE RESULTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 2022 REVENUE HIGHER THAN 2021 REVENUE 2022 NET PROFIT OF EUR 14.3 MILLION  +33.6% COMPARED TO 2021 EBITDA MARGIN IMPROVED TO 3.8%  COMPARED TO 3.3% IN 2021 ADJ EBITDA TO EUR 30.2 MILLION THE BoD RESOLVES TO PROPOSE TO THE SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING THE ALLOCATION OF A DIVIDEND OF EUR 0 50 FOR EACH OUTSTANDING SHARE Revenue: EUR 768.4 million vs. EUR 720.8 million in 2021EBITDA: EUR 29.4 million vs. EUR 23.5 million in 2021 (Adj. EBITDA '22 1 EUR 30.2 million)EUR 30.2 million) EBIT: EUR 21.2 million vs. EUR 15.2 million in 2021 (Adj. EBIT '22 EUR 22.7 million)Net profit: EUR 14.3 million vs. EUR 10.7 million in 2021 (2022 adj. net profit EUR 15.4 million)Net Indebtedness: EUR 26.2 million compared to EUR 44.5 million as at 31 December 2021 Milan  15 March 2023 - The Board of Directors of Openjobmetis S.p.A. (Borsa Italiana: OJM)  one of the leading Employment Agencies  listed on the Euronext Milan - STAR segment - operated by Borsa Italiana  has examined the Consolidated Financial Statements and approved the draft Separate Financial Statements as at 31 December 2022  both drawn up in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as defined by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). The Board of Directors has also resolved to convene the Shareholders' Meeting on 21 April 2023. The Managing Director Rosario Rasizza commented: 'Despite the complex macroeconomic context marked by higher energy costs and inflation  the Group recorded revenues of EUR 768.4 million  up compared to the previous year. 1 Gross of charges mainly relating to personnel reorganisation costs  extraordinary bonuses and due diligence in relation to acquisitions and costs for professional services for extraordinary transactions on the regulated market. Page 1 of 16 Openjobmetis S.p.A. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY - Auth. Prot. No. 1111-SG dated 26/11/2004 Tax Code/VAT No./Reg. No. in the Milan-MB-Lodi Register of Companies 13343690155 - Share Capital EUR 13 712 000.00 = fully paid-in HEADQUARTERS AND OFFICES: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA) REGISTERED OFFICE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 Milan Tel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC (certified e-mail) openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI The positive performance of the subsidiaries Seltis Hub  specialising in recruitment and selection  and Family Care - Employment Agency  specialising in providing family assistants dedicated to the elderly was confirmed. The entire contribution led us to achieve a net profit of EUR 14.3 million  with growth of +33.6% compared to the previous year. In light of the results achieved  we have therefore decided to reward the trust of our investors with the allocation a dividend of fifty cents per share. I recall that in November 2022 we carried out a voluntary partial public tender offer on treasury shares and  considering the feedback collected  we will request a new authorisation from the Shareholders' Meeting to buyback treasury shares up to 20% of the share capital. We are starting 2023 with optimism justified by a sparkling labour market and regulatory changes that mark an opening towards the world of Employment Agencies.' MAIN CONSOLIDATED ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL RESULTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022 thousands of EUR 2022 2021 Change % Revenue 768 373 720 789 6.6% First contribution margin 95 162 89 232 6.6% EBITDA 29 368 23 543 24.7% EBIT 21 196 15 177 39.7% Profit (loss) for the year 14 314 10 713 33.6% thousands of EUR 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 Change % NFP 26 216 44 464 (41.0%) Equity 141 521 134 722 5.0% INCOME STATEMENT Revenue in 2022 amounted to EUR 768.4 million compared to EUR 720.8 million in 2021. Although the complex conditions of the macroeconomic context due to the international geopolitical scenario  revenue was increased by 6.6% (substantially constant on a like-for-like basis2). The positive performance of the subsidiaries Seltis Hub S.r.l.  specialising in recruitment and selection (approx. +36% compared to 2021)  and Family Care S.r.l. - Employment Agency  specialising in providing family assistants dedicated to the elderly (approx. +18% compared to 2021) was confirmed. In 2022  the Group's First contribution margin amounted to EUR 95.2 million  compared with EUR 89.2 million in 2021. As a percentage of revenue  it was 12.4%  in line with the previous year. EBITDA came to EUR 29.4 million in 2022  compared to EUR 23.5 million in 2021. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to EUR 30.2 million in 2022  compared with EUR 26.0 million in 2021. 2 The companies Quanta S.p.A. and Quanta Risorse Umane S.p.A. were included in the scope of consolidation starting from June 2021. Page 2 of 16 Openjobmetis S.p.A. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY - Auth. Prot. No. 1111-SG dated 26/11/2004 Tax Code/VAT No./Reg. No. in the Milan-MB-Lodi Register of Companies 13343690155 - Share Capital EUR 13 712 000.00 = fully paid-in HEADQUARTERS AND OFFICES: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA) REGISTERED OFFICE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 Milan Tel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC (certified e-mail) openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI EBIT came to EUR 21.2 million in 2022  compared to EUR 15.2 million in 2021. Net Profit at the end of 2022 was EUR 14.3 million  compared to EUR 10.7 million in the previous year. BALANCE SHEET Equity as at 31 December 2022 amounted to EUR 141.5 million  compared to EUR 134.7 million as at 31 December 2021. The Net financial position was negative for EUR 26.2 million  compared with EUR 44.5 million as at 31 December 2022. **** MAIN ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR FINANCIAL YEAR 2022 FROM THE SEPARATE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF OPENJOBMETIS S.P.A. In 2022  Openjobmetis S.p.A. revenue amounted to EUR 727.1 million  compared to EUR 624.9 million in the previous year. The Operating profit (loss) (EBIT) was EUR 11.7 million  compared to EUR 13.0 million in 2021. Net profit was EUR 11.7 million  compared to a profit of EUR 10.5 million in the previous year. **** PROPOSED ALLOCATION OF PROFIT FOR THE YEAR The Board of Directors  taking into account the Company's development projects  proposes to resolve as follows with respect to profit for the year 2022: Allocation of a dividend to the shareholders of EUR 0.50 per each entitled share (excluding treasury shares) up to a maximum of EUR 6 513 220.50Allocation to other reserves for EUR 5 193 190.13There was no allocation to the legal reserve  having reached one fifth of the share capital  as required by Article 2430 of the Italian Civil Code. In addition  the Board of Directors will propose to resolve that the above dividend be paid  gross of the withholding taxes required by law to be paid  starting from 10 May 2023  with coupon No. 5 to be detached on 8 May 2023 and record date (date when payment of the dividend is legitimated pursuant to Article 83-terdecies of Italian Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 and Article 2.6.6  paragraph 2  of the Regulation of the Markets Organised and Managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.) on 9 May 2023. **** Page 3 of 16 Openjobmetis S.p.A. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY - Auth. Prot. No. 1111-SG dated 26/11/2004 Tax Code/VAT No./Reg. No. in the Milan-MB-Lodi Register of Companies 13343690155 - Share Capital EUR 13 712 000.00 = fully paid-in HEADQUARTERS AND OFFICES: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA) REGISTERED OFFICE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 Milan Tel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC (certified e-mail) openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI MAIN SIGNIFICANT EVENTS OCCURRED DURING 2022 As of 00.00 on 1 January 2022  pursuant to Article 2504-bis  paragraph 2  of the Italian Civil Code  the statutory  accounting and tax effects of the merger by incorporation of Quanta S.p.A. into Openjobmetis S.p.A. became effective. The transaction did not entail any increase in share capital as the entire share capital of the merged company Quanta S.p.A. was wholly owned by the merging company. By a deed dated 25 March 2022  the company Quanta Risorse Umane S.p.A. was declared merged by incorporation into the company Openjob Consulting S.r.l.  with effect for statutory purposes from 1 April 2022 and with effect for tax and accounting purposes from 1 January 2022. The transaction allowed for the conclusion of the integration of the Quanta Group  acquired in 2021  within the Openjobmetis Group  consequently simplifying the corporate structure of the Group and obtaining improvements in terms of management flexibility. On 19 April 2022  the Shareholders' Meeting approved the financial statements as at 31 December 2021  resolving to allocate the profit for the year and distribute a unit dividend of EUR 0.31 for each entitled share. The Shareholders' Meeting then approved the ""2022-2024 Performance Shares Plan"" for the free allocation of rights to receive ordinary shares of the Company and granted the Board of Directors all powers necessary to fully implement the plan. Furthermore  the Shareholders' Meeting resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to buy back and dispose of treasury shares  subject to revocation of the previous authorisation granted by the Shareholders' Meeting of 30 April 2021  up to a maximum of shares not exceeding 5% of the share capital of Openjobmetis S.p.A. Finally  the Shareholders' Meeting appointed  pursuant to and for the purposes of Article 2386  first paragraph  of the Italian Civil Code and Article 15.16 of the Articles of Association  Lucia Giancaspro as Director of the Company  who will remain in office until the expiry of the term of office of the current Board of Directors  i.e. until the date of the Shareholders' Meeting called to approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023. For further information  please refer to the relevant press release. On 19 April 2022  the Board of Directors of Openjobmetis S.p.A. identified the beneficiaries of the first tranche of the 2022-2024 LTI Performance Shares Plan approved at the Shareholders' Meeting of 19 April 2022  including the Chairman of the Board of Directors Marco Vittorelli  the Deputy Chairman Biagio La Porta  the Managing Director Rosario Rasizza and key management personnel  as well as the number of rights assigned to each beneficiary. For further information  please refer to the relevant press release. On 8 May 2022  Openjobmetis S.p.A. received an ESG Rating from Sustainalytics for the second year  for a value of 10.4 points compared to 12.5 points in 2021  corresponding to the ""Low Risk"" level  on a scale from 0 (zero risk) to 40 (very high risk). On 11 November 2022 the Board of Directors of Openjobmetis S.p.A. met to close the treasury share buyback programme launched on 19 April 2022 on the basis of the authorisation of the Shareholders' Meeting approved on the same date  and approved the launch of a new treasury share buyback programme  also based on the same Shareholders' Meeting authorisation  to be carried out through a partial voluntary public purchase offer for up to 325 065 ordinary shares admitted to trading on the Page 4 of 16 Openjobmetis S.p.A. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY - Auth. Prot. No. 1111-SG dated 26/11/2004 Tax Code/VAT No./Reg. No. in the Milan-MB-Lodi Register of Companies 13343690155 - Share Capital EUR 13 712 000.00 = fully paid-in HEADQUARTERS AND OFFICES: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA) REGISTERED OFFICE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 Milan Tel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC (certified e-mail) openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI Euronext STAR Milan  at the price of EUR 8.80 per share and for a maximum equivalent value of EUR 2 860 572.00. The Offer Acceptance Period was extended to a duration of 15 Trading Days and began at 8:30 a.m. on 14 November 2022 ended at 5:30 p.m. on 2 December 2022. For further information  please refer to the relevant press release. On 6 December 2022  Openjobmetis announced the final results of the previously mentioned voluntary partial public tender offer. Members received in acceptance 3 568 654 shares  equal to 26.03% of the entire share capital and 1 097.83% of the maximum number of shares subject to the offer. Taking the above into account and as a result of the applied allocation coefficient of 9.109%  on 9 December 2022 (i.e.  the date of payment of the consideration)  the Company purchased 325 024 shares equal to 2.37% of the entire share capital  for a total outlay of EUR 2 860 211. On 21 December 2022  Openjobmetis S.p.A. announced that the change of the Registered Office was registered in the Milan Register of Companies at the following address: Via Assietta  no. 19  20161 Milan. **** MAIN SIGNIFICANT SUBSEQUENT EVENTS On 27 February 2023  the Parent Company Openjobmetis S.p.A. acquired the minority interest equal to 7.14% of HC S.r.l.  becoming the sole shareholder. On 13 March 2023  the Boards of Directors of Lyve S.r.l. and HC S.r.l. presented and approved the plan for the merger by incorporation of HC S.r.l. into Lyve S.r.l. **** OUTLOOK In a context characterised by the consequences of the Russia/Ukraine conflict  in 2022 the Group's revenue was increased by 6.6% with respect to the previous year (substantially constant on a like-for-like basis). The prospects for 2023  drawn up by the Bank of Italy  envisage the easing of tensions associated with the war starting from late spring  with a consequent attenuation of the uncertainty of the economic and political scenario. The forecasts of the International Monetary Fund estimate an expected growth of the Italian GDP of +0.6% for 2023  which were considered good omens by the Ministry of Economy. On the regulatory front  the Meloni Government has demonstrated  from the first months of its work  an openness to the Employment Agencies for a fruitful discussion. On the one hand  the review of the Citizens' Income and  on the other  the simplification of fixed-term contracts represent a clear sign of understanding the needs of the increasingly dynamic labour market. By virtue of these considerations  for the year 2023 we can hope for a further improvement in results thanks to the ability of the Openjobmetis Group to seize the opportunities that lie ahead. **** Page 5 of 16 Openjobmetis S.p.A. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY - Auth. Prot. No. 1111-SG dated 26/11/2004 Tax Code/VAT No./Reg. No. in the Milan-MB-Lodi Register of Companies 13343690155 - Share Capital EUR 13 712 000.00 = fully paid-in HEADQUARTERS AND OFFICES: Via Marsala  40/C - Centro Direzionale Le Torri - 21013 Gallarate (VA) REGISTERED OFFICE: Via Assietta  19 - 20161 Milan Tel. 0331 211501 - info@openjob.it - www.openjobmetis.it PEC (certified e-mail) openjob@secmail.it - SDI SN4CSRI Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Openjobmetis S.p.A. published this content on 15 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 15 March 2023 11:29:07 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about OPENJOBMETIS S.P.A. 03/15 Openjobmetis S P A : 2022 Results Conference Call - 15 March 2023 PU 03/15 Openjobmetis S P A : The Board of Directors approves the results as at 31 december 2022 PU 02/27 Openjobmetis-Intesa  deal on recession EUR600 million tax credits AN 01/17 Stock exchanges down; Tenaris rears its head again AN 01/17 Listings in the red; Leonardo soars on the Mib AN 2022 Omniafin rises in Openjobmetis by taking over 9 900 shares AN 2022 Omniafin rises in Openjobmetis by taking over 4 300 shares AN 2022 Openjobmetis S P A : Financial Calendar for 2023 PU 2022 Openjobmetis S.p.A. Reports Earnings Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30  20.. CI 2022 Openjobmetis S P A : Conference Call 9M 2022 - 11 November 2022 PU",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Openjobmetis S', 'The Board', 'Directors', 'results', '31 december', 'Quanta Risorse Umane S.p.A.', '16 Openjobmetis S.p.A. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY', 'voluntary partial public tender offer', 'Seltis Hub S.r.l.', 'Family Care S.r.l.', 'Quanta S.p.A.', 'Managing Director Rosario Rasizza', 'Centro Direzionale Le Torri', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'International Accounting Standards Board', 'EACH OUTSTANDING SHARE Revenue', 'international geopolitical scenario', 'multiple email addresses', 'leading Employment Agencies', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Separate Financial Statements', 'MAIN CONSOLIDATED ECONOMIC', 'sparkling labour market', 'higher energy costs', 'personnel reorganisation costs', 'INCOME STATEMENT Revenue', 'complex macroeconomic context', 'First contribution margin', 'family assistants', 'regulated market', 'complex conditions', 'entire contribution', 'Share Capital', 'FINANCIAL RESULTS', 'Net Indebtedness', 'Borsa Italiana', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'extraordinary bonuses', 'due diligence', 'professional services', 'extraordinary transactions', 'Tax Code', 'VAT No.', 'Reg. No.', 'Milan-MB-Lodi Register', 'Via Marsala', 'REGISTERED OFFICE', 'Via Assietta', 'SDI SN4CSRI', 'positive performance', 'fifty cents', 'treasury shares', 'new authorisation', 'regulatory changes', '2021 EBITDA MARGIN', 'First name', 'NET PROFIT', 'previous year', 'ADJ EBITDA', 'Adj. EBITDA', 'Euronext Milan', 'DIRECTORS APPROVES', 'The', '31 december', '07:30am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '3 MILLION', '2 MILLION', 'BoD', 'PROPOSE', 'ALLOCATION', 'DIVIDEND', 'March', 'OJM', 'segment', 'draft', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'IASB', '21 April', 'inflation', 'Group', 'revenues', 'Gross', 'charges', 'relation', 'acquisitions', 'Page', 'SG', 'Companies', 'HEADQUARTERS', 'OFFICES', 'Gallarate', 'PEC', 'subsidiaries', 'recruitment', 'selection', 'elderly', 'growth', 'light', 'trust', 'investors', 'November', 'feedback', 'optimism', 'opening', 'world', 'thousands', 'loss', 'NFP', 'Equity', 'basis', 'percentage', 'line', 'scope', 'consolidation', 'June']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20608,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2627345/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-announces-the-launch-of-a-new-global-employee-shareholding-program.html,Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of a new global employee shareholding program,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 15th  2023  Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of a new global employee shareholding program ...,"English FrenchPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 15th  2023Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of a new global employee shareholding programDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announces the launch of a global employee shareholding program.After the success of a first employee shareholding program implemented in 2021  this new employee shareholding program will be offered to approximately 99% of Dassault Systèmes' employees worldwide  as defined by the terms detailed in the appendix attached to this press release. For this offering  a capital increase reserved for the employees of up to 7 million of Dassault Systèmes shares should occur on June 15  2023.With this program  employees will be more closely involved in the development of Dassault Systèmes and benefit from the value they help create on a daily basis.Bernard Charlès  Dassault Systèmes’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer commented: ""’Harmonizing product  nature and life’ is the purpose we share and which drives Dassault Systèmes' growth. Our company thinks of its development in an inclusive way and with a long-term focus - company growth and progress for everyone. That is why I am happy  once again  in agreement with the Board of Directors  to enable Dassault Systèmes' employees  through our employee shareholding plan  to invest in our joint enterprise and continue to make it grow"".###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez / François-José Bordonado: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud Malherbe+33 (0)1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DS OUTSCALE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French ‘société européenne’ (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.DisclaimerThe company's capital increase reserved for employees will only be conducted in jurisdictions where it has been registered or notified with the relevant local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the relevant local authorities  or considering an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus or to register or announce the offering. More generally  the offering will only be conducted in countries where all required registration procedures and/or notifications have been carried out and the necessary authorizations have been obtained.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy Dassault Systèmes shares in any country or territory.###APPENDIXMain terms of the offeringBeneficiaries of the offering: the beneficiaries are eligible employees and corporate officers of Dassault Systèmes Group companies  members of a company savings plan (PEE - Plan d’Epargne d’Entreprise) or of the international group savings plan  as well as retirees with assets within a PEE.the beneficiaries are eligible employees and corporate officers of Dassault Systèmes Group companies  members of a company savings plan (PEE - Plan d’Epargne d’Entreprise) or of the international group savings plan  as well as retirees with assets within a PEE. Subscription price: it will represent 85% of the Reference Price which is equal to the weighted average of the Dassault Systèmes share price during the 20 trading days from April 18  2023 to May 16  2023.it will represent 85% of the Reference Price which is equal to the weighted average of the Dassault Systèmes share price during the 20 trading days from April 18  2023 to May 16  2023. Subscription and holding terms and conditions: the shares will either be subscribed in registered form or through an FCPE (Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise)  in accordance with applicable regulatory and/or tax legislation in the various countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the offering; the corresponding shares or FCPE units must be held for a maximum period of five years  except in the event of an authorized early release.the shares will either be subscribed in registered form or through an FCPE (Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise)  in accordance with applicable regulatory and/or tax legislation in the various countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the offering; the corresponding shares or FCPE units must be held for a maximum period of five years  except in the event of an authorized early release. Subscription formula: the offering will consist of a unique subscription formula with a leverage effect and secured in order to guarantee the subscription of the employees  with  in certain countries  a financial mechanism comparable to this formula.the offering will consist of a unique subscription formula with a leverage effect and secured in order to guarantee the subscription of the employees  with  in certain countries  a financial mechanism comparable to this formula. Exercise of voting rights: when the shares are subscribed to  then held through an FCPE  voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the FCPE Supervisory Board; when the shares are held in registered form  voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees concerned.when the shares are subscribed to  then held through an FCPE  voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the FCPE Supervisory Board; when the shares are held in registered form  voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees concerned. Hedging operations: the implementation of this leveraged subscription formula may lead to hedging operations by CACIB (Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank) as of the beginning of the fixing period of the Reference Price  and over the course of the operation.Indicative calendar of the offeringReservation period: from March 31  2023 to April 14  2023 (inclusive)Fixing of the Reference Price and the Subscription Price: May 17  2023Subscription/withdrawal period: from May 22  2023 to May 24  2023 (inclusive)Settlement-delivery of the offering: June 15  2023Contact for the beneficiaries of the offeringFor all questions regarding this offering  the beneficiaries may contact their Human Resources manager and/or any other person as specified in the documents provided to the beneficiaries.n the United States and/or other countries.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['new global employee shareholding program', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'launch', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'French ‘société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes Group companies', 'new global employee shareholding program', 'Dassault Systèmes share price', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'Dassault Systèmes’ Chairman', 'new employee shareholding program', 'first employee shareholding program', '3D Digital Mock Up', ""Dassault Systèmes' growth"", 'Fonds Commun de Placement', 'Dassault Systèmes shares', 'international group savings plan', ""Dassault Systèmes' employees"", 'employee shareholding plan', '3D design software', 'Bernard Charlès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'François-José Bordonado', 'relevant local authorities', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'company savings plan', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'France Arnaud Malherbe', 'English French', 'Arnaud de', 'corporate officers', 'Reference Price', 'Press Release', 'company growth', 'corresponding shares', 'Subscription price', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', 'commercial trademarks', 'eligible employees', 'Euronext Paris', 'capital increase', 'daily basis', 'inclusive way', 'long-term focus', 'joint enterprise', 'PLM) solutions', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', '3DS OUTSCALE', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'registration procedures', 'necessary authorizations', '20 trading days', 'registered form', 'applicable regulatory', 'tax legislation', 'Main terms', 'holding terms', 'human progress', 'other countries', 'various countries', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'March', 'launch', 'DSY', 'success', 'appendix', 'offering', 'June', 'development', 'value', 'nature', 'purpose', 'everyone', 'agreement', 'Board', 'Directors', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'Cheffontaines', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'subsidiaries', 'Disclaimer', 'jurisdictions', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'exemption', 'requirement', 'notifications', 'solicitation', 'country', 'territory', 'Beneficiaries', 'members', 'PEE', 'Epargne', 'Entreprise', 'retirees', 'assets', 'average', 'April', 'May', 'conditions', 'FCPE', 'accordance', 'residence', '©']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20609,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2628065/0/en/Danone.html,Danone:,Press release – Paris  March 15  2023  Danone set to complete renewal of its Board of Directors with the proposed appointment of Sanjiv Mehta  Today ......,English FrenchPress release – Paris  March 15  2023Danone set to complete renewal of its Board of Directorswith the proposed appointment of Sanjiv MehtaToday  Danone announces that Sanjiv Mehta has been proposed as an independent member of Danone’s Board of Directors. If approved at Danone’s Shareholders’ Meeting on 27th April  the appointment will mark the full renewal of the Board.Mehta is currently CEO and Managing Director of Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL)  a role he will leave on June 26  2023. If approved  he will join Danone’s Board effective July 1  2023.He is a high-calibre executive with in-depth knowledge of the consumer goods sector and diversified international expertise  particularly on Asian markets.Gilles Schnepp  Chairman of Danone’s Board of Directors  said:“The proposed appointment of Sanjiv Mehta is another positive step forward for Danone  and will mark the swift and full renewal of Danone’s Board.“He has deep consumer goods and international experience  which will add to the existing expertise across our diversified team of leading experts spanning health  consumer goods  ESG  and finance. I would like to thank him for his engagement and look forward to working with him.“Our Board is fully engaged and ambitious  with the skills to further progress our strategic plan Renew Danone  to create value for our shareholders and stakeholder community. Danone’s history  product portfolio  and pioneering spirit make us a one-of-a-kind company  and we are all dedicated to supporting it on its path to sustainable  responsible performance and growth.”APPENDIXBiographySanjiv Mehta  an Indian national  held several management positions in finance  audit and sales at Union Carbide from 1983 to 1992 before joining the Unilever Group in 1992. He has worked for almost 31 years at Unilever  building recognized expertise in the consumer goods sector while substantially accelerating the growth and profitability of Unilever Group companies. He has solid international expertise  including knowledge of his field across countries in Asia and the Middle East.Mr. Mehta was appointed CEO and Managing Director of Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) in 2013  and under his leadership HUL significantly accelerated its performance  cementing its leadership in the Indian consumer goods market while making a major impact through its social and environmental initiatives. His tenure as CEO and MD of HUL will end on June 26  2023. Mr. Mehta is currently the President Commissioner (non executive chairman) of the listed company PT Unilever Indonesia Ptk and a Director of the non listed company Air India Limited.In addition  Sanjiv Mehta served as a non-executive Director of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry from 2015 to 2019 and was President of India’s largest industry body  the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) between 2021 and 2022. Mr. Mehta is also a member of the Breach Candy Hospital Trust  a Director of the Indian School of Business  and Chairman of Vikaasa  a coalition of Indian and multinational companies that helps solve various intractable issues facing India.Composition of Danone’s Board of Directors at July 1  2023 (subject to the approval of shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on April 27  2023).Gilles Schnepp  ChairmanValérie Chapoulaud-Floquet  Lead Independent DirectorAntoine de Saint-Affrique  CEOFrédéric Boutebba  Director representing employeesGilbert GhostineLise KingoPatrice LouvetSanjiv MehtaGéraldine PicaudSusan RobertsBettina Theissig  Director representing employeesSubject to shareholders’ approval  with effect from July 1  2023  the Board of Directors will have 11 members (including two Directors representing employees). Of this total  89% are independent  56% are non-French  and 44% are women.About Danone ( www.danone.com )Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.7 billion in sales in 2022. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including Aqua  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Vigeo Eiris and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index. By 2025  Danone aims to become one of the first multinational companies to obtain global B Corp™ certification.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.76,0.23,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Danone', 'Breach Candy Hospital Trust', 'American Depositary Receipt) program', 'Frédéric Boutebba', 'PT Unilever Indonesia Ptk', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'Indian consumer goods market', 'Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'consumer goods sector', 'deep consumer goods', 'several management positions', 'various intractable issues', 'Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet', 'Géraldine Picaud', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'Hindustan Unilever Limited', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading global food', 'leading international brands', 'Air India Limited', 'largest industry body', 'Unilever Group companies', 'sustainable, responsible performance', 'solid international expertise', 'non listed company', 'employees Gilbert Ghostine', 'Lead Independent Director', 'non executive chairman', 'OTCQX market', 'leading experts', 'international experience', 'multinational companies', 'sustainable eating', 'regional brands', 'high-calibre executive', 'Indian national', 'Indian Chambers', 'Indian School', 'English French', 'Press release', 'independent member', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Gilles Schnepp', 'positive step', 'existing expertise', 'diversified team', 'strategic plan', 'stakeholder community', 'pioneering spirit', 'Union Carbide', 'Middle East', 'major impact', 'environmental initiatives', 'Bombay Chamber', 'Lise Kingo', 'Patrice Louvet', 'Susan Roberts', 'Bettina Theissig', 'beverage company', 'trend categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'component stock', 'Vigeo Eiris', 'executive Director', 'Sanjiv Mehta', 'Mr. Mehta', 'full renewal', 'Managing Director', '27th April', 'depth knowledge', 'Asian markets', 'product portfolio', 'President Commissioner', 'Plant-Based products', 'value creation', 'Euronext Paris', 'two Directors', 'shareholders’ approval', '100,000 employees', '120 markets', 'March', 'Danone', 'Board', 'proposed', 'appointment', 'CEO', 'HUL', 'role', 'June', 'swift', 'health', 'ESG', 'finance', 'engagement', 'skills', 'history', 'kind', 'path', 'growth', 'APPENDIX', 'Biography', 'audit', 'sales', '31 years', 'profitability', 'field', 'countries', 'leadership', 'tenure', 'MD', 'addition', 'Commerce', 'Federation', 'FICCI', 'Business', 'Vikaasa', 'coalition', 'Composition', 'July', 'effect', '11 members', 'total', 'women', 'growing', 'Waters', 'long', 'competitiveness', 'Actimel', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'Aqua', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20610,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRODWARE-32737/news/Prodware-Current-Operating-Income-sees-strong-upturn-29-3-M-103-Operating-Margin-15-6-43254261/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Prodware: Current Operating Income sees strong upturn: 29.3 M (+103%) Operating Margin: 15.6%,(marketscreener.com) ProdwareProdware: Current Operating Income sees strong upturn: 29.3 M€ Operating Margin: 15.6% 15-March-2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for…,"Press ReleaseParis  March 15  2023 - 5 :45 pmCurrent Operating Income sees strong upturn: 29.3 M€ (+103%)Operating Margin: 15.6%IFRS standards Data currently being audited - in M€ 2021 2022 Variation Consolidated revenue 165.5 188.3 +13.7% EBITDA In % of revenue 36.0 21.8% 52.0 27.6% +44.4% Current operating income In % of revenue 14.4 8.7% 29.3 15.6% +103.3% Operating income -50.7 29.3 Net income Group share -68.5 15.7Organic growth resumes in 2022In 2022  Prodware generated revenues of €188.3M compared to €165.5M in 2021  showing a strong increase of 13.7%. Business grew thanks to the continued upswing in SaaS sales  which now comprise 27.5% of total revenues. Business continued to grow (+17.8%) reaching €51.9M in revenue. The revenue generated  including SaaS-related Services  comes out to €102.6M  representing 54.5% of the total revenue. This dynamic reinforces the Group's recurring revenues and clearly shows that this model fully caters to customer demand and the sales approach of the leading software vendors.Operating profitability significantly improvesIn 2022  the EBITDA margin rose by 5.8 points to 27.6% reaching a level far higher than that recorded before the pandemic. Prodware is now reaping the benefits of its strategy based on increasing SaaS revenue and leveraging its expertise in supporting the digital transformation journey of businesses. This know-how has been regularly acknowledged and recognized by its technology partners who have awarded Prodware with prestigious awards (Inner Circle Microsoft Business applications  Sage Platinum Club  etc.). At the same time  the Group has continued to streamline its activities with a special focus on personnel costs  which have decreased by 4.0% in 2022  despite the growing business context.Further to the growth in EBITDA  current operating income more than doubled to reach €29.3M  with an operating margin of 15.6%.The Financial Result amounts to -11.2 M€ in 2022  slightly improving by 0.3 M€ compared to 2021  the increase in the cost of the financial debt being compensated by a strong decrease in provisions for financial assets.After recognizing a tax of €2.5M  the Group's share of net income will reach €15.7M in 2022 compared to a loss of €68.5M for the previous year. It should be noted that in 2021  Prodware recorded an exceptional depreciation of €65.1M on the value of its ""on-premise"" assets.A stronger balance sheetAs of December 31  2022  the equity of Prodware amounted to €100.7M compared to €83.3M a year earlier.Net debt amounted to €129.4M. This amount includes IFRS lease debt and is 2.49 times the Group's consolidated EBITDA  well below the long-term debt covenant of 3.25.OutlookThe strong dynamic of the organic business driven by higher recurring revenue and the success of its high value-added offerings has emboldened Prodware to pursue its growth strategy in 2023.Next publication: 1st half-year 2023 revenues: July 25th  2023  after market close.About ProdwareWith 30 years of experience and know-how in IT innovation  we strive to provide value and expertise to our customers around the world. Whether we’re implementing the most ambitious cloud strategies  developing AI-powered decision-making tools  or creating IoT applications  Prodware is always at the cutting edge of innovation.Since its inception  Prodware has leveraged technological progress to help businesses prepare for the future by creating new economic models for the manufacturing  sales  distribution  finance  and business service industries.The Prodware group includes more than 1 400 employees across 14 countries. It generated revenues of €188.3M in 2022. Prodware SA is listed on Euronext Growth and is eligible for FCPI and SME PEA.For more information go to: www.prodware-group.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['Current Operating Income', 'Operating Margin', 'strong upturn', 'Prodware', '29.3', 'Inner Circle Microsoft Business applications', 'Net income Group share', 'IFRS standards Data', 'leading software vendors', 'digital transformation journey', 'Sage Platinum Club', 'stronger balance sheet', 'high value-added offerings', 'ambitious cloud strategies', 'AI-powered decision-making tools', 'new economic models', 'growing business context', 'IFRS lease debt', 'long-term debt covenant', 'business service industries', 'The Financial Result', 'Current Operating Income', '1st half-year 2023 revenues', 'higher recurring revenue', 'The Prodware group', 'IoT applications', 'Net debt', 'financial debt', 'organic business', 'Operating Margin', 'Operating profitability', 'recurring revenues', 'Press Release', 'strong upturn', 'SaaS-related Services', 'customer demand', 'technology partners', 'prestigious awards', 'same time', 'special focus', 'personnel costs', 'strong decrease', 'previous year', 'exceptional depreciation', 'Next publication', 'market close', 'cutting edge', 'technological progress', 'SME PEA', 'financial assets', 'total revenues', 'Organic growth', 'Euronext Growth', 'SaaS sales', 'sales approach', 'Consolidated revenue', 'SaaS revenue', 'strong increase', 'strong dynamic', 'IT innovation', 'Prodware SA', 'EBITDA margin', 'growth strategy', 'Paris', 'March', 'M€', 'Variation', 'upswing', '5.8 points', 'level', 'pandemic', 'benefits', 'expertise', 'businesses', 'know-how', 'activities', '0.3 M', 'provisions', 'tax', 'loss', 'premise', 'December', 'equity', 'amount', 'Outlook', 'success', 'July', '30 years', 'experience', 'customers', 'world', 'inception', 'future', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'finance', '1 400 employees', '14 countries', 'FCPI', 'information', '5 :45', '2022', '13.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20611,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DANONE-4634/news/Danone-43254461/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,MarketScreener,(marketscreener.com) Press release – Paris  March 15  2023 Danone set to complete renewal of its Board of Directors with the proposed appointment of Sanjiv Mehta Today  Danone announces that Sanjiv Mehta has been proposed as an independent member of Danone’s …,Press release – Paris  March 15  2023Danone set to complete renewal of its Board of Directorswith the proposed appointment of Sanjiv MehtaToday  Danone announces that Sanjiv Mehta has been proposed as an independent member of Danone’s Board of Directors. If approved at Danone’s Shareholders’ Meeting on 27th April  the appointment will mark the full renewal of the Board.Mehta is currently CEO and Managing Director of Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL)  a role he will leave on June 26  2023. If approved  he will join Danone’s Board effective July 1  2023.He is a high-calibre executive with in-depth knowledge of the consumer goods sector and diversified international expertise  particularly on Asian markets.Gilles Schnepp  Chairman of Danone’s Board of Directors  said:“The proposed appointment of Sanjiv Mehta is another positive step forward for Danone  and will mark the swift and full renewal of Danone’s Board.“He has deep consumer goods and international experience  which will add to the existing expertise across our diversified team of leading experts spanning health  consumer goods  ESG  and finance. I would like to thank him for his engagement and look forward to working with him.“Our Board is fully engaged and ambitious  with the skills to further progress our strategic plan Renew Danone  to create value for our shareholders and stakeholder community. Danone’s history  product portfolio  and pioneering spirit make us a one-of-a-kind company  and we are all dedicated to supporting it on its path to sustainable  responsible performance and growth.”APPENDIXBiographySanjiv Mehta  an Indian national  held several management positions in finance  audit and sales at Union Carbide from 1983 to 1992 before joining the Unilever Group in 1992. He has worked for almost 31 years at Unilever  building recognized expertise in the consumer goods sector while substantially accelerating the growth and profitability of Unilever Group companies. He has solid international expertise  including knowledge of his field across countries in Asia and the Middle East.Mr. Mehta was appointed CEO and Managing Director of Hindustan Unilever Limited (HUL) in 2013  and under his leadership HUL significantly accelerated its performance  cementing its leadership in the Indian consumer goods market while making a major impact through its social and environmental initiatives. His tenure as CEO and MD of HUL will end on June 26  2023. Mr. Mehta is currently the President Commissioner (non executive chairman) of the listed company PT Unilever Indonesia Ptk and a Director of the non listed company Air India Limited.In addition  Sanjiv Mehta served as a non-executive Director of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry from 2015 to 2019 and was President of India’s largest industry body  the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) between 2021 and 2022. Mr. Mehta is also a member of the Breach Candy Hospital Trust  a Director of the Indian School of Business  and Chairman of Vikaasa  a coalition of Indian and multinational companies that helps solve various intractable issues facing India.Composition of Danone’s Board of Directors at July 1  2023 (subject to the approval of shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on April 27  2023).Gilles Schnepp  ChairmanValérie Chapoulaud-Floquet  Lead Independent DirectorAntoine de Saint-Affrique  CEOFrédéric Boutebba  Director representing employeesGilbert GhostineLise KingoPatrice LouvetSanjiv MehtaGéraldine PicaudSusan RobertsBettina Theissig  Director representing employeesSubject to shareholders’ approval  with effect from July 1  2023  the Board of Directors will have 11 members (including two Directors representing employees). Of this total  89% are independent  56% are non-French  and 44% are women.About Danone ( www.danone.com )Danone is a leading global food and beverage company operating in three health-focused  fast-growing and on-trend categories: Essential Dairy & Plant-Based products  Waters and Specialized Nutrition. With a long-standing mission of bringing health through food to as many people as possible  Danone aims to inspire healthier and more sustainable eating and drinking practices while committing to achieve measurable nutritional  social  societal and environment impact. Danone has defined its Renew strategy to restore growth  competitiveness  and value creation for the long-term. With 100 000 employees  and products sold in over 120 markets  Danone generated €27.7 billion in sales in 2022. Danone’s portfolio includes leading international brands (Actimel  Activia  Alpro  Aptamil  Danette  Danio  Danonino  evian  Nutricia  Nutrilon  Volvic  among others) as well as strong local and regional brands (including Aqua  Blédina  Bonafont  Cow & Gate  Mizone  Oikos and Silk). Listed on Euronext Paris and present on the OTCQX market via an ADR (American Depositary Receipt) program  Danone is a component stock of leading sustainability indexes including the ones managed by Vigeo Eiris and Sustainalytics  as well as the Ethibel Sustainability Index  the MSCI ESG Indexes  the FTSE4Good Index Series  Bloomberg Gender Equality Index  and the Access to Nutrition Index. By 2025  Danone aims to become one of the first multinational companies to obtain global B Corp™ certification.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.81,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['MarketScreener', 'Lead Independent Director Antoine de Saint-Affrique', 'Frédéric Boutebba', 'Breach Candy Hospital Trust', 'American Depositary Receipt) program', 'PT Unilever Indonesia Ptk', 'measurable nutritional, social, societal', 'Indian consumer goods market', 'consumer goods sector', 'deep consumer goods', 'several management positions', 'various intractable issues', 'Valérie Chapoulaud-Floquet', 'Géraldine Picaud', 'leading sustainability indexes', 'Hindustan Unilever Limited', 'Annual General Meeting', 'leading global food', 'leading international brands', 'Air India Limited', 'largest industry body', 'Unilever Group companies', 'sustainable, responsible performance', 'solid international expertise', 'employees Gilbert Ghostine', 'non executive chairman', 'independent member', 'OTCQX market', 'leading experts', 'international experience', 'multinational companies', 'sustainable eating', 'regional brands', 'high-calibre executive', 'executive Director', 'Indian national', 'Indian Chambers', 'Indian School', 'Press release', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Managing Director', 'Gilles Schnepp', 'positive step', 'existing expertise', 'strategic plan', 'stakeholder community', 'pioneering spirit', 'kind company', 'Union Carbide', 'Middle East', 'major impact', 'environmental initiatives', 'listed company', 'Bombay Chamber', 'Lise Kingo', 'Patrice Louvet', 'Susan Roberts', 'Bettina Theissig', 'beverage company', 'trend categories', 'Essential Dairy', 'Specialized Nutrition', 'standing mission', 'many people', 'drinking practices', 'environment impact', 'Renew strategy', 'strong local', 'Blédina', 'component stock', 'Vigeo Eiris', 'Sanjiv Mehta', 'Mr. Mehta', 'full renewal', '27th April', 'depth knowledge', 'Asian markets', 'diversified team', 'product portfolio', 'President Commissioner', 'Plant-Based products', 'value creation', 'Euronext Paris', 'two Directors', 'Renew Danone', 'shareholders’ approval', '100,000 employees', '120 markets', 'March', 'Board', 'proposed', 'appointment', 'CEO', 'HUL', 'role', 'June', 'swift', 'health', 'ESG', 'finance', 'engagement', 'skills', 'history', 'path', 'growth', 'APPENDIX', 'Biography', 'audit', 'sales', '31 years', 'profitability', 'field', 'countries', 'leadership', 'tenure', 'MD', 'addition', 'Commerce', 'Federation', 'FICCI', 'Business', 'Vikaasa', 'coalition', 'Composition', 'July', 'effect', '11 members', 'total', 'women', 'Waters', 'long', 'competitiveness', 'Actimel', 'Alpro', 'Aptamil', 'Danette', 'Danio', 'Danonino', 'evian', 'Nutricia', 'Nutrilon', 'Volvic', 'others', 'Aqua', 'Bonafont', 'Cow', 'Gate', 'Mizone', 'Oikos', 'Silk', 'ADR', 'Sustainalytics']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20612,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-43246383/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9295 £ 23.7532 Estimated MTD return -1.24 % -1.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.02 % -2.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.29 % 137.53 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.27 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.4817 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.7784The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20613,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-43246378/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 14 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9295 £ 23.7532 Estimated MTD return -1.24 % -1.19 % Estimated YTD return -3.02 % -2.76 % Estimated ITD return 169.29 % 137.53 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.31 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -21.27 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.4817 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.7784The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20614,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIOMED-GROUP-SA-8235236/news/Visiomed-Group-Sa-Smart-Salem-opens-third-digital-medical-center-in-Dubai-Knowledge-Park-43248776/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Visiomed Group Sa :  Smart Salem opens third digital medical center in Dubai Knowledge Park,(marketscreener.com)  Dubai and Paris  March 8th  2023Visiomed Group   a group specializing in innovative healthcare technologies and services  today announces the timely delivery and opening of Smart Salem's third digital medical analysis center in the Du…,"Dubai and Paris  March 8th  2023Visiomed Group (FR0013481835 - ALVMG)  a group specializing in innovative healthcare technologies and services  today announces the timely delivery and opening of Smart Salem's third digital medical analysis center in the Dubai Knowledge Park (DKP).Barely six months after opening its second center in the DIFC in September 2022  Smart Salem is upping the pace by opening its third digital center specializing in the medical fitness assessments required for obtaining residence and work visas in the United Arab Emirates.In line with the announced schedule  the third Smart Salem medical center was officially delivered on March 3rd  2023 and has launched a “soft opening” phase over a few days before opening to the public next week. The center houses cutting-edge equipment for performing medical fitness tests and will also provide new services in line with Smart Salem's intention to diversify  particularly into occupational health and biometric data.This third center is located in Dubai Knowledge Park  one of the main free zones operated by TECOM Group  which is also present in nine other districts of the city. The center currently has five blood testing rooms and one X-ray room (offering the same capacity as City Walk) spanning 1 100 m² on two levels  with space for future developments.Sanjay Verma  Smart Salem's CEO  said: “The Smart Salem teams worked brilliantly on the construction of this new center offering cutting-edge services  which will now be available to DKP and TECOM occupants  other free zones and a larger spectrum of residents. This new center also fits Smart Salem's diversification strategy and aims to offer new solutions and technologies to Dubai's healthcare market.”Visiomed Group CEO Thomas Picquette added: “The opening of the DKP center is a further milestone in Smart Salem's development and  more generally  in the execution of the Visiomed Group roadmap. We can now offer our medical and technological expertise in a new sector to a broader segment of the Emirates' population. This success will allow us to step up the growth of Smart Salem's Medical Fitness business.”About VISIOMED GROUPFounded in 2007  VISIOMED GROUP relies on a long experience in the health sector to invest in innovative health technologies and services in France and abroad.The Group now has two subsidiaries and holdings:Smart Salem  the first digital medical analysis center accredited by the Dubai Ministry of Health (DHA) in the United Arab Emirates  100% owned by Visiomed Group.The Smart Salem offer is based on know-how in medical analysis  radiology and data analysis and processing to detect nearly 35 diseases in 7 minutes in a patient (in particular HIV  hepatitis and tuberculosis) by offering reliable results  readability and exceptional patient experience enabled by advanced artificial intelligence and virtual reality technologies.Smart Salem's “Medical Fitness Assessment” offer resulting from this know-how thus makes it possible to obtain a residence or work visa in the space of 30 minutes compared to 10 to 15 days in historical health centers.Smart Salem is a technological platform offering many growth opportunities  as shown by the opening of the second center in Dubai in September 2022 and the authorization received for the opening of a third center  planned to open in the first quarter of 2023.Bewellthy  created in 2022  a leading player in connected health and teleconsultation solutions and is 49.88% owned by Visiomed Group.Bewellthy offers an enriched technological universe combining medical devices  software and ""health and well-being concierge"" services to meet all the needs and use cases of telehealth.Bewellthy's flagship product  VisioCheck  is the 1st telemedicine station weighing less than 300g for healthcare professionals  available as a case  station or modular healthcare space.Bewellthy is now deploying its solutions and services in France and abroad  particularly in Italy and the USA.Based in Paris  VISIOMED GROUP is listed on Euronext Growth (ALVMG). More information on www.visiomed-group.com.CONTACTSJérôme FABREGUETTES-LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations visiomed@actus.fr fndiaye@actus.fr Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 78 Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 75© Visiomed Group SA 2023. The brands mentioned are the property of their respective authors. Reproduction prohibited  even partial  without prior authorization.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xZlpYZ1pk2ycyHJulplnnGFmaGhplZGYaZPLyWNuY5eUcG1ol2hjacWYZnBpnmhv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78939-alvmg_ouverture_smartsalem_3_ven.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.12,0.49,True,English,"['third digital medical center', 'Visiomed Group Sa', 'Dubai Knowledge Park', 'Smart Salem', ""Jérôme FABREGUETTES-LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations"", 'Visiomed Group CEO Thomas Picquette', 'first digital medical analysis center', 'third digital medical analysis center', 'five blood testing rooms', 'third Smart Salem medical center', 'The Smart Salem teams', 'The Smart Salem offer', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'third digital center', 'medical fitness assessments', 'medical fitness tests', 'Medical Fitness business', 'main free zones', 'one X-ray room', 'advanced artificial intelligence', 'United Arab Emirates', 'nine other districts', 'other free zones', 'virtual reality technologies', 'innovative healthcare technologies', 'historical health centers', 'many growth opportunities', '1st telemedicine station', 'Dubai Knowledge Park', 'Visiomed Group roadmap', 'Visiomed Group SA', 'innovative health technologies', 'exceptional patient experience', 'soft opening” phase', 'modular healthcare space', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'third center', 'The Group', 'data analysis', 'first quarter', 'medical devices', 'other releases', ""Emirates' population"", 'second center', 'new center', 'healthcare market', 'long experience', 'healthcare professionals', 'TECOM Group', 'timely delivery', 'work visas', 'cutting-edge equipment', 'occupational health', 'biometric data', 'same capacity', 'two levels', 'future developments', 'Sanjay Verma', 'TECOM occupants', 'larger spectrum', 'diversification strategy', 'technological expertise', 'new sector', 'broader segment', 'health sector', 'two subsidiaries', 'reliable results', 'technological platform', 'leading player', 'connected health', 'technological universe', 'use cases', 'flagship product', 'Euronext Growth', 'respective authors', 'DKP center', 'Dubai Ministry', 'new solutions', 'teleconsultation solutions', 'More information', 'Regulated information', 'City Walk', '10 to 15 days', 'prior authorization', 'new services', 'cutting-edge services', 'Paris', 'March', 'ALVMG', 'DIFC', 'September', 'residence', 'line', 'schedule', 'public', 'intention', 'construction', 'residents', 'milestone', 'execution', 'success', 'France', 'holdings', 'DHA', 'know-how', 'radiology', 'processing', '35 diseases', '7 minutes', 'HIV', 'hepatitis', 'tuberculosis', 'readability', '30 minutes', 'Bewellthy', 'software', 'needs', 'telehealth', 'VisioCheck', 'less', '300g', 'Italy', 'USA', 'CONTACTS', 'Phone', 'brands', 'property', 'Reproduction', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '100']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20615,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DASSAULT-SYSTEMES-SE-440391/news/Dassault-Systemes-announces-the-launch-of-a-new-global-employee-shareholding-program-43246240/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of a new global employee shareholding program,(marketscreener.com) Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 15th  2023 Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of a new global employee shareholding program Dassault Systèmes today announces the launch of a global employee shareholding program. After…,"Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 15th  2023Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of a new global employee shareholding programDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) today announces the launch of a global employee shareholding program.After the success of a first employee shareholding program implemented in 2021  this new employee shareholding program will be offered to approximately 99% of Dassault Systèmes' employees worldwide  as defined by the terms detailed in the appendix attached to this press release. For this offering  a capital increase reserved for the employees of up to 7 million of Dassault Systèmes shares should occur on June 15  2023.With this program  employees will be more closely involved in the development of Dassault Systèmes and benefit from the value they help create on a daily basis.Bernard Charlès  Dassault Systèmes’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer commented: ""’Harmonizing product  nature and life’ is the purpose we share and which drives Dassault Systèmes' growth. Our company thinks of its development in an inclusive way and with a long-term focus - company growth and progress for everyone. That is why I am happy  once again  in agreement with the Board of Directors  to enable Dassault Systèmes' employees  through our employee shareholding plan  to invest in our joint enterprise and continue to make it grow"".###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez / François-José Bordonado: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud Malherbe+33 (0)1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DS OUTSCALE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French ‘société européenne’ (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.DisclaimerThe company's capital increase reserved for employees will only be conducted in jurisdictions where it has been registered or notified with the relevant local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the relevant local authorities  or considering an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus or to register or announce the offering. More generally  the offering will only be conducted in countries where all required registration procedures and/or notifications have been carried out and the necessary authorizations have been obtained.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy Dassault Systèmes shares in any country or territory.###APPENDIXMain terms of the offeringBeneficiaries of the offering: the beneficiaries are eligible employees and corporate officers of Dassault Systèmes Group companies  members of a company savings plan (PEE - Plan d’Epargne d’Entreprise) or of the international group savings plan  as well as retirees with assets within a PEE.the beneficiaries are eligible employees and corporate officers of Dassault Systèmes Group companies  members of a company savings plan (PEE - Plan d’Epargne d’Entreprise) or of the international group savings plan  as well as retirees with assets within a PEE. Subscription price: it will represent 85% of the Reference Price which is equal to the weighted average of the Dassault Systèmes share price during the 20 trading days from April 18  2023 to May 16  2023.it will represent 85% of the Reference Price which is equal to the weighted average of the Dassault Systèmes share price during the 20 trading days from April 18  2023 to May 16  2023. Subscription and holding terms and conditions: the shares will either be subscribed in registered form or through an FCPE (Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise)  in accordance with applicable regulatory and/or tax legislation in the various countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the offering; the corresponding shares or FCPE units must be held for a maximum period of five years  except in the event of an authorized early release.the shares will either be subscribed in registered form or through an FCPE (Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise)  in accordance with applicable regulatory and/or tax legislation in the various countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the offering; the corresponding shares or FCPE units must be held for a maximum period of five years  except in the event of an authorized early release. Subscription formula: the offering will consist of a unique subscription formula with a leverage effect and secured in order to guarantee the subscription of the employees  with  in certain countries  a financial mechanism comparable to this formula.the offering will consist of a unique subscription formula with a leverage effect and secured in order to guarantee the subscription of the employees  with  in certain countries  a financial mechanism comparable to this formula. Exercise of voting rights: when the shares are subscribed to  then held through an FCPE  voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the FCPE Supervisory Board; when the shares are held in registered form  voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees concerned.when the shares are subscribed to  then held through an FCPE  voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the FCPE Supervisory Board; when the shares are held in registered form  voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees concerned. Hedging operations: the implementation of this leveraged subscription formula may lead to hedging operations by CACIB (Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank) as of the beginning of the fixing period of the Reference Price  and over the course of the operation.Indicative calendar of the offeringReservation period: from March 31  2023 to April 14  2023 (inclusive)Fixing of the Reference Price and the Subscription Price: May 17  2023Subscription/withdrawal period: from May 22  2023 to May 24  2023 (inclusive)Settlement-delivery of the offering: June 15  2023Contact for the beneficiaries of the offeringFor all questions regarding this offering  the beneficiaries may contact their Human Resources manager and/or any other person as specified in the documents provided to the beneficiaries.n the United States and/or other countries.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['new global employee shareholding program', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'launch', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'French ‘société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'new global employee shareholding program', 'Dassault Systèmes share price', 'Dassault Systèmes Group companies', 'new employee shareholding program', 'Dassault Systèmes’ Chairman', 'first employee shareholding program', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'Fonds Commun de Placement', ""Dassault Systèmes' growth"", 'international group savings plan', 'Dassault Systèmes shares', ""Dassault Systèmes' employees"", 'employee shareholding plan', '3D design software', 'Bernard Charlès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'François-José Bordonado', 'relevant local authorities', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'company savings plan', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'France Arnaud Malherbe', 'Arnaud de', 'corporate officers', 'Reference Price', 'Press Release', 'company growth', 'corresponding shares', 'Subscription price', 'commercial trademarks', 'eligible employees', 'Euronext Paris', 'capital increase', 'daily basis', 'inclusive way', 'long-term focus', 'joint enterprise', 'PLM) solutions', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'FTI Consulting', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', '3DS OUTSCALE', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'registration procedures', 'necessary authorizations', '20 trading days', 'registered form', 'applicable regulatory', 'tax legislation', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', 'Main terms', 'holding terms', 'human progress', 'other countries', 'various countries', 'FCPE units', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'March', 'launch', 'DSY', 'success', 'appendix', 'offering', 'June', 'development', 'value', 'nature', 'purpose', 'everyone', 'agreement', 'Board', 'Directors', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'Cheffontaines', 'investors', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'subsidiaries', 'Disclaimer', 'jurisdictions', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'exemption', 'requirement', 'notifications', 'solicitation', 'country', 'territory', 'Beneficiaries', 'members', 'PEE', 'Epargne', 'Entreprise', 'retirees', 'assets', 'average', 'April', 'May', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'residence', '©']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20616,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELYAD-ONCOLOGY-SA-22619605/news/Celyad-Oncology-announces-non-cash-impairment-43246257/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Celyad Oncology announces non-cash impairment,(marketscreener.com) MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  March 15  2023 -- Celyad Oncology   a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor T-cell therapies  today announced a non-cash impair…,MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT  Belgium  March 15  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Celyad Oncology (Euronext & Nasdaq: CYAD) (the “Company”)  a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies for chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies  today announced a non-cash impairment of its goodwill and intangible oncology assets.This impairment comes as a result of the Company’s strategic shift in focus away from clinical development and the early stage nature of the implementation of the Celyad 2.0 strategy: shifting from an organization focused on clinical development to one prioritizing R&D discovery and the monetization of its intellectual property (IP) portfolio through partnerships  collaborations and license agreements. As  to date  no effective sublicence contract nor collaboration contract was concluded  some uncertainty exists on the timing and amount of the deal flow and associated short  medium and long term revenues.Given this uncertainty  and per accounting standards  the Company will recognize a full impairment loss on the remaining value of goodwill  In Process Research and Development  and Horizon Discovery’s shRNA platform  resulting in a non-cash impairment of €20.5 million on a statutory basis and €35.1 million on a consolidated basis for the financial year ended December 31  2022.This accounting conclusion  which reflects the Company’s financial situation as of December 31  2022  does not affect the Management’s commitment to continue the potential monetization of the Company’s IP. The conclusion of the impairment analysis and additional details will be provided with the publication of the Company’s fiscal year 2022 results on or around March 23  2023.The net assets of the Company as of December 31  2022  on a BE-GAAP non-consolidated basis  have fallen below half of the Company’s capital. As a result  in accordance with Article 7:228 of the Belgian Code for Companies and Associations  the Board of Directors plans to submit for a vote  at its May 5  2023 shareholders’ meeting  its business plan including a proposal to continue the Company’s activities. The Board of Directors will publish a detailed report regarding this proposal on or around April 3  2023  together with the convocation with proposed resolutions for the shareholders’ meeting.The audit for fiscal year 2022 has not yet been fully completed.About Celyad OncologyCelyad Oncology is a biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapies. The Company is focusing on opportunities to fully harness the true potential of its proprietary technology platforms and intellectual property and support the development of next-generation CAR T candidates in solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Celyad Oncology is based in Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium and New York  NY. For more information  please visit www.celyad.com.Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking StatementThis release may contain forward-looking statements  within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended  including  without limitation  statements regarding beliefs about and expectations for the Company’s updated strategic business model  including associated potential benefits  transactions and partnerships  statements regarding the potential value of the Company’s IP  statements regarding the Company’s financial statements  and statements regarding the continuation of the Company’s existence. The words “will ” “believe ” “potential ” “continue ” “target ” “project ” “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and important factors which might cause actual events  results  financial condition  performance or achievements of Celyad Oncology to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include  without limitation  risks related to the material uncertainty about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern; the Company’s ability to realize the expected benefits of its updated strategic business model; the Company’s ability to develop its IP assets and enter into partnerships with outside parties; the Company’s ability to enforce its patents and other IP rights; the possibility that the Company may infringe on the patents or IP rights of others and be required to defend against patent or other IP rights suits; the possibility that the Company may not successfully defend itself against claims of patent infringement or other IP rights suits  which could result in substantial claims for damages against the Company; the possibility that the Company may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce its patents  which could be expensive  time-consuming  and unsuccessful; the Company’s ability to protect its IP rights throughout the world; the potential for patents held by the Company to be found invalid or unenforceable; and other risks identified in Celyad Oncology’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the latest Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC and subsequent filings and reports by Celyad Oncology. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document and Celyad Oncology’s actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Celyad Oncology expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this document to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless required by law or regulation.Celyad Oncology Contacts:Investor Contact: Media Contact: David GeorgesVP Finance and Administrationinvestors@celyad.com Caroline LonezR&D Communications and Business Developmentcommunications@celyad.comSource: Celyad Oncology SA,neutral,0.01,0.82,0.17,mixed,0.11,0.08,0.81,True,English,"['Celyad Oncology', 'cash impairment', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'innovative technologies chimeric antigen receptor', 'next-generation CAR T candidates', 'other IP rights suits', 'Celyad Oncology Forward-Looking Statement', 'applicable securities laws', 'CAR) T-cell therapies', 'early stage nature', 'long term revenues', 'proprietary technology platforms', 'effective sublicence contract', 'strategic business model', 'full impairment loss', 'May 5, 2023 shareholders’ meeting', 'intangible oncology assets', 'R&D discovery', 'fiscal year 2022 results', 'IP assets', 'strategic shift', 'business plan', 'collaboration contract', 'financial year', 'net assets', 'Celyad 2.0 strategy', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'cash impairment', 'intellectual property', 'license agreements', 'deal flow', 'short, medium', 'accounting standards', 'remaining value', 'Process Research', 'shRNA platform', 'statutory basis', 'consolidated basis', 'financial situation', 'impairment analysis', 'additional details', 'Belgian Code', 'detailed report', 'true potential', 'solid tumors', 'hematological malignancies', 'New York', 'potential benefits', 'potential value', 'similar expressions', 'important factors', 'actual events', 'financial condition', 'going concern', 'expected benefits', 'outside parties', 'forward-looking statements', 'Horizon Discovery', 'unknown risks', 'Such risks', 'financial statements', 'accounting conclusion', 'potential monetization', 'identifying words', 'current expectations', 'patent infringement', 'substantial claims', 'clinical development', 'material uncertainty', 'biotechnology company', 'MONT-SAINT-GUIBERT', 'Belgium', 'March', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'CYAD', 'goodwill', 'focus', 'implementation', 'organization', 'portfolio', 'partnerships', 'collaborations', 'timing', 'amount', 'associated', 'December', 'Management', 'commitment', 'publication', 'BE-GAAP', 'half', 'capital', 'accordance', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'Board', 'Directors', 'vote', 'proposal', 'activities', 'April', 'convocation', 'resolutions', 'audit', 'opportunities', 'information', 'release', 'meaning', 'limitation', 'beliefs', 'transactions', 'continuation', 'existence', 'target', 'project', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'ability', 'patents', 'possibility', 'others', 'damages', 'lawsuits']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20617,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hyloris-reports-full-results-2022-180300131.html,Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook,Strong R&D progress & attractive commercial deals  including additional Tranexamic Acid RTU out-licensing dealsPotential U.S. market approval for Maxigesic® ...,"Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SAStrong R&D progress & attractive commercial deals  including additional Tranexamic Acid RTU out-licensing dealsPotential U.S. market approval for Maxigesic® IV in H2 2023Promising new product candidates driving innovation and on track for a planned acceleration towards a portfolio of 30 assets before 2025Revenues of €3 million  net loss decreased to €10.8 million with increased R&D expenses€43 million in cash & cash equivalents  no financial debtWebcast at 1PM GMT / 2PM CET/ 9AM EST (register here)Liège  Belgium - REGULATED INFORMATION – 15 March 2023 – 7PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces its financial and operational results for the year ending on 31 December 2022  as well as its business outlook for 2023 and beyond.Stijn Van Rompay  chief executive officer of Hyloris  commented: “Our strategy is as successful as it is unique  and 2022 and early 2023 has proven this once again. In an exceptionally difficult year for both the financial markets and the healthcare sector  we successfully raised €15 million and announced HY-083  a product candidate targeting idiopathic rhinitis. This was followed in early 2023 by the in-licensing of a product candidate targeting hypophosphatemia. Other pipeline assets progressed at a rapid pace and are well underway to providing real solutions to unmet medical needs in the upcoming years.”“Several clinical trials will be conducted over the course of 2023 and our team is paving the way to a market authorization for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. before year-end ” Van Rompay continued. “Our headcount grew from 21 at the end of 2021 to 39 today  nearly doubling in size and adding tremendous amounts of expertise throughout our business. Thanks to proactive cost and cash management and sufficient cash to support the current portfolio  Hyloris is geared for an acceleration of its strategy with an increased focus on repurposed products bringing more value to underserved patient populations and Hyloris shareholders. We reviewed around 200 opportunities in 2022 and aim to grow the portfolio to 30 product candidates and marketed products before 2025. I am excited about the opportunities we are currently evaluating and eager to disclose new deals to our shareholders in the near future.”Story continuesNew product candidates added to the pipelineHY-083 was announced in November 2022. This novel  proprietary formulation will be administered intranasally to treat idiopathic rhinitis. Idiopathic rhinitis is a medical disorder characterized by a nasal symptoms that resemble nasal allergies and hay fever (allergic rhinitis) but are not related to a known cause like allergens or infectious triggers.Idiopathic rhinitis features an overexpression of TRPV1-receptors in the nasal mucosa giving rise to nasal obstruction (a stuffy nose)  rhinorrhea (a runny nose) and sneezing  chronically affecting quality of life in patients. Our product candidate aims to activate and depolarize these receptors in the nose.An estimated 7% of the world population is affected by idiopathic rhinitis  representing an estimated 19 million people in the U.S. alone. 13% of them have moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis  leading them to actively seek out specialist care. Hyloris seeks to offer a new  unique  safe and approved targeted therapy treatment option.HY-088 was announced in January 2023  the Company in-licensed the technology to develop development of an oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia  a mineral deficiency in the blood. In severe forms  this condition can be life threatening. The condition can result in muscle and bone weakness  respiratory or heart failure  seizures or coma amongst others.There is a wide range of underlying conditions leading to hypophosphatemia which could be hereditary (such as X-linked hypophosphatemia  hypophosphatemic rickets  osteomalacia  Cushing syndrome) or acquired (anorexia nervosa  recovery phase of diabetes-related ketoacidosis  alcohol withdrawal  respiratory alkalosis  long term use of diuretic and phosphate binders).Chronic hypophosphatemia can become life threatening  making direct treatment of the hypophosphatemia desirable in cases where treating the underlying condition does not solve the mineral deficiency.It is estimated hypophosphatemia affects around 5% of hospitalized patients  and a subpopulation needs direct treatment during and/or after their hospital stay.Treatment protocols for patients deficient in phosphate are well-established and have proven useful in other situations of bone mineral imbalance. Oral administration is the preferred way of treating hypophosphatemia  although in most countries no approved drugs exist. Currently  physicians mostly rely on compounded drugs which have  by definition  not been submitted for regulatory scrutiny regarding safety  efficacy  and quality.Further commercial roll-outMaxigesic® IV  a unique combination of paracetamol and ibuprofen used for post-operative non-opioid pain management  is currently licensed to partners covering over 100 countries across the globe.During 2022 and early 2023:A Complete Response Letter from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was received  stating that it was unable to complete its review  requesting additional information relating to potential leachable and extractable compounds expected to be present in the drug product based on the drug product packaging. Importantly  the agency did not report any issues related to the data generated during the clinical development program.Hyloris and its partners believe to be able to address the recommendations made and resubmit Maxigesic® IV before the summer of 2023 with a potential New Drug Application (NDA) approval by the end of 2023. The non-opioid analgesic space and the market for post-operative pain is growing rapidly and is forecasted to reach $1.7 billion in 2028 in the U.S.  up from $745 million in 2019. 1Submissions were made in 15 countries in Asia  Africa and Latin America  including large pharmaceutical markets such as Canada and Mexico.Marketing authorizations have been granted in several countries including Italy  Norway  Indonesia  The Netherlands  Finland  Singapore and Hong Kong.Launches occurred in 7 countries including Denmark  Sweden  Finland  Norway and The Netherlands. Imminent launches are expected in several additional countries  bringing the total number of countries where Maxigesic® IV will be available up to more than 20.4 U.S. patents were granted to Hyloris  ranging in expiry between 2035 and 2039.Sotalol IV is a novel  intravenous  patented  IV formulation of Sotalol for the treatment of atrial fibrillation and life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias developed for the U.S. market. In 2022 further commercial efforts were made to accelerate commercial roll-out  inclusion in hospital drug formularies and clinical education of hospital staff.Other commercial highlightsTranexamic Acid RTUOut-licensing agreements were signed in early 2023  covering an important European country and a major Southeast Asian country  with a combined population of over 60 million people. Earlier agreements have been signed in 2021 for Australia  New-Zealand and Canada.In doing so  the Company confirms its strategy to out-license near the end of the product development and to prioritize downstream revenue of the product candidates over upfront milestone payments. Regulatory submission in the partnered territories is expected within 2023  and additional out-licensing agreements are expected  going forward.Thomas Jacobsen  chief business development officer of Hyloris  commented: “Thanks to recent out-licensing deals  the previously untapped global potential of tranexamic acid RTU was brought further into view. We now believe the future sales volume for tranexamic acid RTU outside of the United States could outpace the future sales volume within the U.S.”Tranexamic acid RTU is an antifibrinolytic drug. By inhibiting the fibrinolysis  tranexamic acid promotes the formation of blood clotsHY-038In December 2022  the Company out-licensed HY-038  a generic and non-core asset for an out-licensing fee of €1 million. In doing so  Hyloris highlighted its increased focus on repurposed product candidates which offer a bigger difference in patient outcomes  as well as a higher expected return on investment.Cardiovascular portfolioin Q4 of 2022  Hyloris and its development partner API renegotiated specific commercial agreements. As a consequence  no further royalties are payable on Sotalol IV to API  except if the in-market net product sales exceed USD 100 million. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million.R&D updateIn 2022  R&D activities have progressed on all fronts  bringing our range of 14 product candidates and 3 high-barrier generic products closer to market in different ways  following in the footsteps of 2 products which are already marketed today. Some development timelines were impacted by the Covid19-pandemic and the required transfer of manufacturing activities to alternative third-party manufacturers. Multiple discussions are being held with regulatory agencies and partners to confirm and validate development plans.A new and improved R&D lab is under construction at Légiapark in Liège (Belgium)  where our head office moved after the summer of 2022. This will allow the Company to perform drug formulation and analytical activities in-house for its growing pipeline  further streamlining processes and more effectively deploying internal resources.C ardiovascular portfolioIn its entirety  the cardiovascular portfolio covers a broad range of indications in the biggest therapeutic segment globally. With products advancing through or towards the clinical study phase  Hyloris expects to make impactful differences in patients’ lives.Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include:Aspirin IV: The clinical phase of the study assessing the pharmacokinetics has been completed in 2022. Preliminary data has shown faster onset and good tolerability of Aspirin IV with more analytical work required. An additional clinical study is under preparation.A strategic review led to a change in the contract manufacturing organisation (CMO) for the manufacture of registration batches for the New Drug Application (NDA).Aspirin IV is an intravenous (IV) formulation of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Aspirin is not available in the U.S. as an IV product.Milrinone: Hyloris has contracted a CDMO for development and manufacturing. A successful Type C meeting with the FDA was concluded  confirming development plans for a novel  extended-release formulation offering convenient oral dosing for a selected population of end-stage heart failure (HF) patients.HY-074: The FDA has confirmed the development of the proposed formulation can be pursued. Hyloris is preparing for the manufacturing of validation and registration batches. Non-clinical work is expected to finish before H2 of 2023.HY-074 is an intravenous formulation of current standard of care treatment for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to offer faster onset of action (and thereby potentially reducing the risk of death)  more convenient administration (more notably in patients who are nauseated or unconscious)  and dosage control. It is currently available in oral form  which should allow for an optimal switching strategy from the oral form to an IV.Dofetilide IV: Both formulation development and non-clinical studies have been successfully completed. A new CMO was contracted to ensure reliable development and supply  hereby incurring a delay as a consequence of the transfer.Other Value- A dded ProgramsOur added-value programs are progressing well. Several discussions are ongoing with regulatory agencies to confirm and validate development plans.Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include:Tranexamic Acid Oral Mouth Rinse (previously HY-004): Positive Phase 1-results showed that HY-004 was found to be well-tolerated under varied conditions with no serious adverse events following tooth extraction. Hyloris also plans to investigate its use for broader related indications in patients undergoing oral surgical procedures with or without bleeding disorders that would benefit from a locally acting antifibrinolytic agent. Recruitment for a Phase 3 study will have started before H2 of 2023.Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide: Recruitment for the phase 2 clinical trial is completed and last patient last visit (LPLV) will have occurred by Q2 2023. The results of this Phase 2 study will guide the Company for the preparation and design of the next clinical trial.Hyloris is co-funding the development of Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide  a topical synergistic combination treatment for Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis (rVVC)  a chronic and debilitating vaginal infection commonly caused by the yeast Candida albicans. This condition affects nearly 10% of women during their lifetime. MCZ/DB has a strong scientific and business rationale.AlenuraTM: Multiple clinical trials are expected to start throughout 2023  including a four-arm Phase 2  prospective  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  multi-center  single-dose  pharmacodynamic study comparing AlenuraTM to its 2 individual components (alkalinized lidocaine and heparin) as well as placebo.AlenuraTM  is a first-line drug treatment for acute pain in interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (IC/BPS)  a condition affecting at least 6 million people in the U.S. AlenuraTM is a patented  innovative  clinical-stage bladder instillation product candidate that combines lidocaine in a new alkalinized form with heparin. Thanks to the novel dual mode-of-action  AlenuraTM has the unique potential to i) immediately relieve pain  and ii) augment the mucous inner layer of the bladder wall.Plecoid Agents: The definition of the preferred formulation has progressed significantly in anticipation of clinical trials.These chelating agents could improve the effectiveness of existing chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and small cell lung cancer (SCLC). Previous studies suggested that elevated levels of toxic metals are associated with inferior survival in patients with AML (160.000 patients globally).Atomoxetine oral liquid: An innovative taste masking strategy was deployed  targeting a preferred taste for young patients  following FDA feedback.Atomoxetine is used primarily for the treatment of patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This product candidate allows for improved dosing (as patient specific dosing is also in part based on body weight) and convenience. Other oral liquid products in this therapeutic segment have captured significant market share in competition with oral solids  underlining the need for a (novel) oral liquid formulation of Atomoxetine.HY-029: A successful pilot study demonstrating bioequivalence was completed in 2022. A pivotal study can be expected to start in H2 of 2023. Industrial batch manufacturing has been conducted to demonstrate pharmaceutical quality of the medicinal product and robustness of the manufacturing process.HY-029 is a liquid formulation of an existing antiviral drug that is currently only available in oral solid form.Management & Board changesBoth the C-level executives and all board members remained in their respective positions  providing continuity in the company's leadership.Business OutlookWith 16 reformulated and repurposed molecules  and 3 high-barrier generics  several clinical trials are expected to start and/or finish within 2023.The Company aims to accelerate growth of the product pipeline  with the end goal of reaching 30 product candidates before 2025.Assuming continued strategic out-licensing  commercial success for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  additional non-dilutive funding and milestone payments  the Company believes it is sufficiently capitalized to execute the full development of the current pipeline assets (14 product candidates  3 generics and 2 commercial products).Webcast detailsThe Company will host a webcast conducted in English to present its 2022 annual results and 2023 Business Outlook  followed by a live Q&A session. The webcast will start on March 16th 2023 at 2PM CET / 1PM GMT / 9AM EST. To join the webcast  please register at Hyloris.com/webcastFINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 2022Year ended 31 December (in € thousand) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues 2.951 3.096 -4 7% Cost of sales (94) (107) Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) 100 8% General and administration expenses (3 517) (2 900) 21 3% Shares’ issuance related expenses - - Earnings/losses from Associates and joint ventures (130) (191) -31 9% Other operating result 303 (5 381) Operating result (10 638) (10 541) 0 9% Net financial result (127) (741) -82 9% Income Taxes (4) (297) -98 7% Result for the period (10 770) (11 579) -7 0% Net operating cash flow (13 154) (11 250) 16 9% Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 -13 1%Financial Review 2022Income statementIn 2022  total revenues remained stable around €3 million  driven by increased royalties received for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  the out-licensing agreement of €1 million for HY-038 with QliniQ  IP and regulatory services rendered to development partners.In 2021  most revenue was comprised of one-time milestone payment (€1.8 million) related to Maxigesic® IV.Research and development expenses increased to €10.15 million in 2022 versus €5.06 million in 2021  in line with several product candidates maturing from early to late-stage development  as well as the expansion of the number of product candidates and increased headcount of the research and development team.Total general and administrative expenses amounted to €3.52 million versus €2.90 million last year and is mainly explained by additional communication and legal/HR costs. The company remains focus on strong cost and cash management.As a result  Hyloris closed 2022 with an operating loss of €10.64 million. This was mainly driven by increased R&D expenses for supporting the development of the portfolio.The net financial loss in 2022 was €0.13 million. Financial income amounted to €0.47 million  comprising mostly a net currency gain of €0.40 million and interest received on deposits of €0.07 million  versus €0.03 million last year.Financial expenses amounted to €0.59 million versus €0.77 million in 2021 and comprised mostly the impact of the interest rates renegotiation of the shareholder loans  bank interest expenses  currency losses and bank fees. In 2022  Hyloris successfully renegotiated the terms of the shareholder loans  resulting in lower interest rates.As a result  net losses in 2022 decreased to €10.77 million versus €11.58 million in 2021.Statement of financial positionThe Company’s non-current assets mainly consist of (1) investments in joint ventures of € 3.9 million at year-end 2022  (2) intangible assets of €3.6 million at year-end 2022 including capitalized development  purchased assets and in-licensing costs  versus €2.94 million in 2021  (3) the conversion of the loan to Pleco into shares of €1.0 million  (4) a prepayment of future royalties to API of $0.7 million and (5) a tax credit. Hyloris does not capitalize research and development expenses until the filing for a marketing authorization for the applicable product candidate. Research and development expenditures incurred during the period were accounted for as operating expenses. When an intangible asset is acquired and capitalized  the amortization begins when the asset is available for commercialization.The Company’s current assets mainly consist of €43.46 million in cash and cash equivalents on total assets of €61.86 million  and trade and other receivables of €5.13 million which mainly consist of services rendered to partners  milestones from AFT related to Maxigesic and out-licensing revenue (€1.0 million) from Qliniq.In 2022  Hyloris raised an amount of €15 million in gross proceeds via an accelerated bookbuild  offering 967 742 new shares  the capital and share premium increased with respectively €6 thousand and €2.83 million through the exercise of 1 200 000 outstanding transactions warrants leading to company’s equity amounted to €55.04 million.By year-end all shareholder loans were repaid  making the Company free of any financial debt on 31 December 2022. The same shareholders expressed their conditional willingness to support the Company with a renewed shareholder loan in the future if needed.Cash flow statementNet cash outflow from operating activities was €13.15 million in 2022  compared to €11.25 million in 2021. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million to API.Net cash outflow from investing activities was €1.24 million in 2022  compared to €3.08 million in 2021  and mainly related to investments in joint ventures  capital expenditure and capitalization of development expenses.The financing activities amounted to a net cash inflow of €7.84 million in 2022 compared to a net cash outflow of €0.06 million in 2021 mainly driven by the net proceeds from the private placement via an accelerated bookbuild for net proceeds of €14.34 million  proceeds from the execution of transaction warrants for €2.83 million and the reimbursement of the shareholder loans for €9.28 million including accumulated interest.Consequently  the cash and cash equivalents amounted to €43.46 million end of 2022 versus €50.01 million at the end of 2021.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31ASSETS(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Non-current assets 11 063 9 485 Intangible assets 3 607 2 944 Property  plant and equipment 176 122 Right-of-use assets 885 173 Equity accounted investments 3 948 4 079 Other investment  including derivatives 1.000 453 Trade and other receivables 1.447 1.714 Current assets 50 801 53 959 Trade and other receivables 5 127 2 321 Other investment  including derivatives 469 528 Prepayments 1 748 1 098 Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 TOTAL ASSETS 61 863 63 444 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Equity 55.045 48.056 Share capital 140 129 Share premium 121 513 103 693 Retained earnings (53 476) (43 226) Result of the period (10 770) (11 579) Share based payment 1.621 2.391 Cost of Capital (4 460) (3 827) Other reserves 476 476 Non-current liabilities 1.047 409 Borrowings 747 109 Other financial liabilities 300 300 Current liabilities 5 772 14 978 Borrowings 138 65 Other financial liabilities 3 212 11 815 Trade and other liabilities 2 422 2 749 Current tax liabilities - 349 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 61 863 63 444CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31in € thousands 2022 2021 Revenue 2 951 3 096 Cost of sales (94) (107) Gross profit 2 857 2 988 Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) Selling  general and administrative expenses (3 517) (29) Share of result of equity-accounted investees  net of tax (130) (191) Other operating income 315 389 Other operating expenses (12) (5.770) Operating profit/(loss) (EBIT) (10 638) (10 541) Financial income 466 32 Financial expenses (594) (773) Profit/(loss) before taxes (10 766) (11 282) Income taxes (4) (297) PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD (10 770) (11 579)CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31(in thousands of euros)Attributable to equity holders of the Company Total Equity Share capitalShare premiumOther reserves Retained earningsShare-based payment reserve Cost of Capital Other reserves Balance at December 31  2021 129 103 693 2 391 (3 827) 476 (54 805) 48 056 Private Placement Via an Accelerated Bookbuild Offering 5 14 995 (634) 14 366 Equity Transaction via Transaction Warrants 6 2 826 (1 329) 1 329 2 832 Share-based payments 560 560 Total comprehensive income (10 770) (10 770) Balance at December 31  2022 140 121 513 1 622 (4 460) 476 (64 246) 55 045CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31in € thousands 2022 2021 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net result (10 770) (11 579) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation  amortisation and impairments 196 137 Share-based payment expense 560 576 Derivatives financial instruments 52 - R&D Tax Credit (315) - Interest expenses on shareholders loans 164 - Loss on drecognition of shareholders loans 486 198 Equity transaction costs 29 - Losses from Associates and joint ventures 130 191 Losses on disposal of PPE 16 Other non-cash adjustments 16 (1) Changes in working capital: Trade and other receivables (2 230) (2 068) Other investment  including derivatives (27) (1 627) Prepayments (650) 856 Trade and Other liabilities (468) Other current and non-current liabilities - 2.063 Cash generated from operations (12 812) (11 253) Interest paid 7 3 Income Taxes paid (349) Net cash generated from operating activities (13 154) (11 250) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property  plant and equipment (101) (107) Purchases of Intangible assets (638) (954) Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets - 219 Acquisition of Other Investments (500) (21) Investments in associates and joint ventures - (1 270) Repayment received from other financial assets - 216 Payment of other financial assets - (1 157) Discontinued operations Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (1 239) (3 075) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Reimbursements of borrowings and other financial liabilities (7 376) Reimbursements of lease liabilities (79) (62) Proceeds from other non-current liabilities 0 - Proceeds from Private Placement via ABB 14 337 - Proceeds from Execution Transactions Warrants 2 832 - Interests paid (1 877) - Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 7 838 (62) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (6 555) (14 387) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at beginning of year 50 012 64 399 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at end of year  calculated 43 457 50 012Audit ReportThe statutory auditor  KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren - Réviseurs d’Entreprises  represented by Olivier Declercq  has confirmed that the audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material misstatement in the accounting information included in the Company’s annual announcement.About Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SAHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimising existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development and registration phase. Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialisation with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit https://hyloris.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares.Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.1 DelveInsight Market Research Report (2020)Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.13,0.52,True,English,"['full year results', 'business outlook', 'Hyloris', '2022', 'approved targeted therapy treatment option', 'Potential U.S. market approval', 'moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis', 'additional Tranexamic Acid RTU', 'Strong R&D progress', 'oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia', 'R&D expenses', 'chief executive officer', 'Several clinical trials', 'novel, proprietary formulation', 'long term use', 'new, unique, safe', 'attractive commercial deals', 'financial debt Webcast', 'specialty biopharma company', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'unmet medical needs', 'bone mineral imbalance', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'new product candidates', 'Other pipeline assets', 'market authorization', 'severe forms', 'new deals', '30 product candidates', 'Oral administration', 'direct treatment', 'Treatment protocols', 'bone weakness', 'other situations', 'commercial roll-out', 'unique combination', 'allergic rhinitis', 'medical disorder', 'mineral deficiency', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'net loss', '2PM CET', 'Liège', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '7PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'operational results', 'financial markets', 'healthcare sector', 'rapid pace', 'real solutions', 'upcoming years', 'tremendous amounts', 'proactive cost', 'patient populations', 'near future', 'nasal symptoms', 'nasal allergies', 'hay fever', 'infectious triggers', 'nasal mucosa', 'nasal obstruction', 'world population', '19 million people', 'specialist care', 'heart failure', 'wide range', 'underlying conditions', 'hypophosphatemic rickets', 'Cushing syndrome', 'anorexia nervosa', 'recovery phase', 'diabetes-related ketoacidosis', 'alcohol withdrawal', 'hospital stay', 'most countries', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'cash equivalents', 'cash management', 'sufficient cash', 'stuffy nose', 'runny nose', 'X-linked hypophosphatemia', 'Chronic hypophosphatemia', 'business outlook', 'difficult year', 'respiratory alkalosis', 'preferred way', 'compounded drugs', 'current portfolio', 'Hyloris shareholders', 'hospitalized patients', '30 assets', 'H2', 'innovation', 'track', 'acceleration', 'Revenues', '1PM', 'Belgium', '15 March', '31 December', 'strategy', 'early', 'licensing', 'course', 'team', 'year-end', 'headcount', 'size', 'expertise', 'focus', 'repurposed', 'products', 'value', '200 opportunities', 'Story', 'November', 'cause', 'allergens', 'overexpression', 'TRPV1-receptors', 'rise', 'rhinorrhea', 'sneezing', 'quality', 'life', 'January', 'technology', 'development', 'blood', 'muscle', 'seizures', 'coma', 'others', 'osteomalacia', 'diuretic', 'binders', 'cases', 'subpopulation', 'physicians', 'definition', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'paracetamol', '2023']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,finance.yahoo.com
20618,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-Announces-UK-MHRA-Approval-of-VYVGART-for-the-Treatment-of-Generalized-Myasthenia-Gravis-43252553/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Argenx Announces UK MHRA Approval of VYVGART for the Treatment of Generalized Myasthenia Gravis,(marketscreener.com) VYVGART is the first neonatal Fc receptor blocker approved in the UK for the treatment of adults living with generalized myasthenia gravis who are anti-acetylcholine receptor antibody positive 68% of anti-AChR antibody positive gMG patien…,"VYVGART is the first neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker approved in the UK for the treatment of adults living with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive68% of anti-AChR antibody positive gMG patients treated with VYVGART were responders (n=44/65) on the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) scale compared with 30% of patients treated with placebo (n=19/64) (p<0.0001) during the first treatment cycle in the Phase 3 ADAPT trialargenx is committed to collaborating with local authorities to facilitate broad and rapid access to VYVGART for eligible patientsMARCH 15  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands — argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that the UK Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) has granted marketing authorization for VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) as an add-on to standard therapy for the treatment of adult patients with gMG who are AChR antibody positive1.“We are pleased to announce this latest regulatory approval of VYVGART  another exciting advancement toward our vision of making our innovation available to as many patients as possible "" said Tim Van Hauwermeiren  Chief Executive Officer of argenx. “As we seek to redefine the treatment of this debilitating disease  we look forward to close collaboration with the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) and the Scottish Medicines Consortium (SMC) to support broad and rapid access to this new treatment option  connecting eligible gMG patients in the UK to the care they need.”The MHRA approval of VYVGART is based on results from the global Phase 3 ADAPT trial  which were published in the July 2021 issue of The Lancet Neurology . The ADAPT trial met its primary endpoint  demonstrating that significantly more anti-AChR antibody positive gMG patients were responders on the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) scale following treatment with efgartigimod compared with placebo (68% vs. 30%; p<0.0001). Responders were defined as having at least a two-point reduction on the MG-ADL scale sustained for four or more consecutive weeks during the first treatment cycle2.There were also significantly more responders on the Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) scale following treatment with efgartigimod compared with placebo (63% vs. 14%; p<0.0001). Responders were defined as having at least a three-point reduction on the QMG scale sustained for four or more consecutive weeks during the first treatment cycle.VYVGART had a demonstrated safety profile in the ADAPT clinical trial. The most commonly reported adverse reactions that occurred more frequently with VYVGART than placebo were upper respiratory tract infections (10.7% following treatment with efgartigimod vs. 4.8% of placebo) and urinary tract infections (9.5% vs. 4.8%).“gMG can impact patients and caregivers in every area of life – many are faced with the difficult choice of taking significant time away from work  giving up hobbies or spending less time with their loved ones. VYVGART is the first-and-only FcRn blocking treatment to receive approval in UK  offering patients and their families a new treatment option that is targeted to the underlying pathogenesis of the disease and supported by strong efficacy  safety and tolerability data ” said Prof Saiju Jacob  Consultant Neurologist at the University Hospitals Birmingham. “The marketing authorization of VYVGART is great news for the gMG community in the UK  providing a newer treatment option which along with the existing drugs will hopefully reduce the burden of this debilitating disease.”VYVGART was granted a Promising Innovative Medicine (PIM) designation by the MHRA in November 2021  as well as a positive scientific opinion under the Early Access to Medicines Scheme in May 2022.About Phase 3 ADAPT TrialThe Phase 3 ADAPT trial was a 26-week randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  multi-center  global trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of efgartigimod in adult patients with gMG. A total of 167 adult patients with gMG in North America  Europe and Japan enrolled in the trial. Patients were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive efgartigimod or placebo  in addition to stable doses of their current gMG treatment. ADAPT was designed to enable an individualized treatment approach with an initial treatment cycle followed by subsequent treatment cycles based on clinical evaluation. The primary endpoint was the comparison of percentage of MG-ADL responders in the first treatment cycle between efgartigimod and placebo treatment groups in the anti-AChR antibody positive population2.About VYVGARTVYVGART (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn)  resulting in the reduction of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies. It is the first and only approved FcRn blocker. VYVGART is approved in the United States  Europe and the UK for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive  and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where IgG autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months2  where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population3.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  the EU  Japan and the UK.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comForward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the commercialization of VYVGART® in the UK  the access of patients to VYVGART and the impact thereof on reducing the burden of gMG. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.1 VYVGART UK Summary of Product Characteristics2 Howard JF et al. Lancet Neurol 2021;20(7):526-536.3 Behin et al. New Pathways and Therapeutics Targets in Autoimmune Myasthenia Gravis. J Neuromusc Dis 5. 2018. 265-277",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.12,0.6,True,English,"['UK MHRA Approval', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', 'Argenx', 'VYVGART', 'Treatment', '26-week randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center, global trial', 'anti-AChR antibody positive gMG patients', 'anti-AChR antibody positive population', 'human IgG1 antibody fragment', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'upper respiratory tract infections', 'global Phase 3 ADAPT trial', 'first neonatal Fc receptor', 'global immunology company', 'AChR) antibody positive', 'urinary tract infections', 'positive scientific opinion', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Tim Van Hauwermeiren', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'Prof Saiju Jacob', 'Promising Innovative Medicine', 'latest regulatory approval', 'The ADAPT trial', 'ADAPT clinical trial', 'first treatment cycle', 'The Lancet Neurology', 'new treatment option', 'newer treatment option', 'individualized treatment approach', 'initial treatment cycle', 'subsequent treatment cycles', 'Scottish Medicines Consortium', 'current gMG treatment', 'FcRn blocking treatment', 'eligible gMG patients', 'placebo treatment groups', 'The MHRA approval', 'anti-acetylcholine receptor', 'eligible patients', 'clinical evaluation', 'Medicines Scheme', 'gMG community', 'adult patients', 'many patients', 'FcRn) blocker', 'Daily Living', 'MG-ADL) scale', 'local authorities', 'rapid access', 'marketing authorization', 'standard therapy', 'exciting advancement', 'close collaboration', 'National Institute', 'July 2021 issue', 'primary endpoint', 'MG-ADL scale', 'consecutive weeks', 'QMG) scale', 'QMG scale', 'adverse reactions', 'difficult choice', 'significant time', 'less time', 'loved ones', 'underlying pathogenesis', 'tolerability data', 'Consultant Neurologist', 'University Hospitals', 'great news', 'existing drugs', 'PIM) designation', 'Early Access', 'North America', 'stable doses', 'immunoglobulin G', 'IgG) autoantibodies', 'FcRn blocker', 'United States', 'UK Medicines', 'debilitating disease', 'two-point reduction', 'three-point reduction', 'Care Excellence', 'safety profile', 'UK fo', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'MG-ADL responders', 'VYVGART', 'adults', 'argenx', 'broad', 'MARCH', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'add', 'vision', 'innovation', 'NICE', 'SMC', 'results', 'four', 'caregivers', 'area', 'life', 'work', 'hobbies', 'families', 'Birmingham', 'burden', 'November', 'May', 'efficacy', 'total', 'Europe', 'Japan', '1:1 ratio', 'comparison', 'percentage', '14', '4.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20619,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Dividend-Declaration-43246604/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Volta Finance Limited - Dividend Declaration,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited Dividend Declaration NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES Guernsey  15 March 2023 Volta Finance Limited hereby announces a first interim dividend for the fin…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA/VTAS)Dividend DeclarationNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATESGuernsey  15 March 2023Volta Finance Limited (""the Company"") hereby announces a first interim dividend for the financial year commencing 1 August 2022.The Company announces that it has declared a quarterly interim dividend of €0.13 per share payable on 27 April 2023 amounting to approximately €4.76 million  equating approximately to an annualised 8% of net asset value. The ex-dividend date is 23 March 2023 with a record date of 24 March 2023.The Company has arranged for its shareholders to be able to elect to receive their dividends in either Euros or Pounds Sterling. Shareholders will  by default  receive their dividends in Euros  unless they have instructed the Company’s Registrar  Computershare Investor Services (Guernsey) Limited (“Computershare”)  to pay dividends in Pounds Sterling. Such instructions may be given to Computershare either electronically via CREST or by using the Currency Election Form which has been posted to shareholders and a copy of which is also available on the website www.voltafinance.com within the “Investors – Other Documents” section. The deadline for receipt of currency elections is 12:00 (midday) on 27 March 2023.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisSerge Demayserge.demay@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 84 47Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A.  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s investment objectives are to preserve capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its shareholders through dividends. Volta seeks to attain its investment objectives predominantly through diversified investments in structured finance assets. The assets that the Company may invest in either directly or indirectly include  but are not limited to: corporate credits; sovereign and quasi-sovereign debt; residential mortgage loans; and  automobile loans. The Company’s approach to investment is through vehicles and arrangements that essentially provide leveraged exposure to portfolios of such underlying assets. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 460 professionals and €887 billion in assets under management as of the end of December 2021.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Dividend Declaration', 'largest European-based asset managers', 'BNP Paribas S.A.', 'high net worth companies', 'alternative investment fund manager', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'multi-expert asset management company', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'net asset value', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'first interim dividend', 'quarterly interim dividend', 'Currency Election Form', 'residential mortgage loans', 'U.S. persons', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'investment management company', 'Computershare Investor Services', 'structured finance assets', 'The Companies', 'AXA IM', 'AXA Group', 'investment objectives', 'Regulation S', 'Dividend Declaration', 'currency elections', 'automobile loans', 'structured credit', 'Financial Services', 'Markets Act', 'wealth management', 'Directive 2011/61/EU', 'AIFM Directive', 'investment professionals', 'UNITED STATES', 'financial year', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'Pounds Sterling', 'Such instructions', 'Other Documents', 'Company Secretary', 'Corporate Broker', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Main Market', 'financial markets', 'credit cycle', 'stable stream', 'diversified investments', 'corporate credits', 'global leader', 'financial protection', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'United Kingdom', 'Financial Promotion', 'listed securities', 'Such securities', 'The Company', 'press release', 'other persons', 'relevant persons', 'underlying assets', 'Serge Demay', 'sovereign debt', 'Guernsey Branch', 'Guernsey) Law', '2,460 professionals', 'VTA/VTAS', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', '15 March', '27 April', '23 March', '24 March', 'shareholders', 'dividends', 'Euros', 'default', 'Registrar', 'CREST', 'copy', 'website', 'Investors', 'section', 'deadline', 'receipt', '27 March', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', 'capital', 'income', 'approach', 'vehicles', 'arrangements', 'exposure', 'portfolios', 'division', 'December', 'capacity', 'meaning', 'information', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'shares', 'circulation', 'jurisdictions', 'recipient', 'copies', 'breach', 'limitations', 'restrictions', 'sale', 'circumstances', 'registration', 'exemption', 'portion', 'communication', 'Article', 'Order', '44']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20620,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-launches-new-global-headquarters-in-the-metaverse-with-24-hour-grand-opening-celebration-301771905.html,Teleperformance Launches New Global Headquarters in the Metaverse with 24-Hour Grand Opening Celebration,NEW YORK  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  the global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  today announced it is hosting a 24-hour grand opening celebration on March 16 to kick off the launch of its new global headquarters…,"NEW YORK  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Teleperformance  the global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  today announced it is hosting a 24-hour grand opening celebration on March 16 to kick off the launch of its new global headquarters in the Decentraland metaverse. The Teleperformance launch party will feature DJs  a treasure hunt  wall climbing competition and other games for a chance to win collectible digital branded wearables.The new Teleperformance headquarters in Decentraland includes a concierge desk  recruitment center where people can apply for a job  meeting rooms for employees and clients  a sports arena which holds the performance stage and space for sports activities hosted by company's sponsor athletes.Teleperformance has a rigorous history of investing in digital technologies that blend high touch with high tech. Tweet this""Teleperformance has a rigorous history of investing in digital technologies that blend high touch with high tech to create one-of-a-kind meaningful interactions with our clients  their customers and our employees "" said Luciana Cemerka  Vice President of Global Marketing  Teleperformance. ""We've continued our heritage with our new headquarters in Decentraland and the introduction of Isabela as our new digital influencer.""The Teleperformance 24-hour headquarters grand opening celebration kicks off at 10 am EST on March 16  and includes music by DJ Harrison First and DJ New Lady  sports competitions where visitors can challenge Teleperformance-sponsored Inspired athletes  and opportunities to win Teleperformance branded wearables  including jackets  sneakers  t-shirts and more.While at the celebration  talk with The company's new brand ambassador and virtual influencer  Isabella  to see what it's like to work at the company. Isabella will keep visitors up to date regarding Teleperformance projects worldwide and provide guided tours across the company's digital properties around the globe.The new headquarters in Decentraland also hosts a recruitment center  where visitors can learn about Teleperformance and apply for a job to join our growing family of 410 000 employees across the globe.The new Teleperformance headquarters in Decentraland is part of the company's ongoing digital transformation to help its clients deliver easier  simpler experiences to their customers. Click here to learn how Teleperformance is helping clients in their next phase of digital transformation in the Metaverse to drive long-term growth in today's emerging virtual environment.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: https://www.teleperformance.com/. Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceSOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.51,0.38,0.11,True,English,"['24-Hour Grand Opening Celebration', 'New Global Headquarters', 'Teleperformance', 'Metaverse', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'The Teleperformance 24-hour headquarters grand opening celebration', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'outsourced digital integrated business services', '24-hour grand opening celebration', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'The Teleperformance launch party', 'collectible digital branded wearables', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'S&P Europe', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'optimized business processes', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Euronext Paris market', 'wall climbing competition', 'kind meaningful interactions', 'DJ Harrison First', 'successful customer interaction', 'deferred settlement service', 'new global headquarters', 'DJ New Lady', 'new brand ambassador', 'Teleperformance-sponsored Inspired athletes', 'emerging virtual environment', 'ongoing digital transformation', 'new digital influencer', 'easier, simpler experiences', 'new Teleperformance headquarters', 'digital solutions', 'new headquarters', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'virtual influencer', 'digital technologies', 'digital properties', 'global leader', 'Global Marketing', 'NEW YORK', 'sponsor athletes', 'treasure hunt', 'other games', 'concierge desk', 'recruitment center', 'meeting rooms', 'sports arena', 'performance stage', 'sports activities', 'rigorous history', 'Luciana Cemerka', 'Vice President', 'sports competitions', 'guided tours', 'growing family', 'next phase', 'long-term growth', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'Teleperformance projects', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'TEP FP', 'Decentraland metaverse', 'PRNewswire', 'March', 'DJs', 'chance', 'people', 'job', 'employees', 'clients', 'space', 'company', 'customers', 'heritage', 'introduction', 'Isabela', 'music', 'visitors', 'opportunities', 'jackets', 'sneakers', 't-shirts', 'Isabella', 'globe', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'world', 'end', 'More', '91 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '300 languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', '10']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20621,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/new-report-promoting-a-sustainable-future-for-chinas-travel-industry-301772905.html,New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry,Accor  together with Trip.com Group and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendations SHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership…,"Accor  together with Trip.com Group and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  and global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company  today published a new educational whitepaper that examines the environmental impact of China's tourism sector  analyses Chinese travelers' sentiment towards sustainability and ultimately sets out actions key stakeholders in China's tourism sector need to take to foster sustainable travel. The pioneering survey identifies a series of sustainable changes that ought to be made  from the everyday to the systemic  which can support the travel and hospitality of tomorrow with the intention of becoming an informative industry reference tool for change. The report  entitled ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China""  proposes that by adopting a set of collaborative measures across the industry value chain  from guests to major global providers  China's tourism sector could move toward a more sustainable future.New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel IndustryThe world is facing an unprecedented sustainability challenge and the Chinese tourism industry has a significant role in the required transformation of hospitality. According to the World Travel and Tourism Council  China is expected to have the world's largest tourism market by 2032 and  prior to the pandemic  was already one of the biggest global markets. Analysis for the whitepaper found the environmental impact of China's travel industry is substantial: tourism represented approximately 6-8% of China's total carbon emissions in 2019.Data from McKinsey found that Chinese travelers are engaged about their environmental impact and are starting to seek out sustainable alternatives  but the report found they may need more help understanding where to look. Trip.com Group found that 85% of Chinese travelers rate travel sustainability as important or very important  while 60% are concerned about climate change. However  the paper found  at the same time  that Chinese consumers are not yet used to the idea of paying extra for sustainable travel. As such  it is important to provide travelers guidance regarding sustainability costs  highlighting the industries' efforts to improve provision of sustainable offerings. This will increase willingness to pay by showing the burden to be shared and that price rises will only be short-term.In response to this  the report provides guidance on the actions that travelers can take to travel sustainably and to empower their own consumer decisions  including booking sustainable travel options with certified service providers  spending more time in one destination  and cultivating sustainable habits such as changing towels or bed linen less frequently and refusing to use single-use plastics in guest experience. Traveler behavior is just the first consideration the report highlights. Long-term sustainability will be achieved in tandem with initiatives from tourism providers  who hold a responsibility to inspire travelers' mindset.The whitepaper sets out a series of suggestions for the hospitality industry to support the Chinese traveler in their understanding of sustainable travel  inspire behavioural change and ultimately support the sector's journey towards a net positive model  one which gives more than it takes. Such recommendations include using technology platforms to make sustainable travel options more visible online  using labelling to ensure travelers are informed on the environmental impact of their actions  providing incentives to encourage sustainable behavior  and training employees to adopt a sustainability mindset.While greater traveler awareness and willingness to choose sustainable options combined with tourism providers' individual adoption of more sustainable practices can help China's travel sector realize ""quick-wins"" in sustainable impact  lasting sustainability improvements require collective industry-wide effort. The report concludes as a call to action for the hospitality industry to work together hand in hand to achieve sustainable transformation in China. This collaborative project is a starting point for this collective mindset  as a resource which can be used by guests and industry players alike in a united effort for positive change.At a press conference held at the iconic Fairmont Peace hotel in Shanghai  to launch the report  top executives from Accor  Trip.com Group  and McKinsey & Company shared their perspectives on sustainable travel in China.Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO Accor  said: ""People and sustainability are at the heart of everything we do. When it comes to sustainability there are no individuals  only collectives  and this paper represents a major step-forward for this collaborative industry approach. Impactful change cannot be made alone; transformation happens together. Traveling across China and around the world responsibly can connect people and Accor is proud to lead this collective journey  supporting local communities  protecting biodiversity  as well as sharing and engaging in more sustainable habits. Sustainability is crucial and we have been so pleased to work with our strategic partner Trip.com Group and trusted advisor and counselor McKinsey on this meaningful sustainability-focused White Paper to continue to drive positive change for our guests  talents and partners.""Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group  said: ""We are thrilled to be leading the charge for sustainable travel and promoting responsible tourism practices in the industry. Our commitment to harmonious coexistence between people and nature has driven us to implement green and environmental protection practices  such as our 'Green Tourism Goals'  which has already reached millions of global tourists. By collaborating with strategic partners  including Accor and McKinsey & Company  we aim to integrate the social and commercial value of green and environmental protection  creating new business growth opportunities for partners. Our goal is to pave the way for a more sustainable and responsible travel industry.""Jonathan Woetzel  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company and Director of McKinsey Global Institute said: ""The Chinese tourism industry is large enough to take the lead in advancing the sustainability agenda. As travelers resume their adventures  each step of their journey presents opportunities to make choices and take concrete actions that could immediately reduce their environmental footprint. But the burden is not on the traveler alone. Long-term change calls for collaboration between actors across the entire travel industry  from hotels and travel agencies to green investors and technology suppliers.""Download ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China"" – joint research in travel sustainability in China HERE.Download high resolution images: https://we.tl/t-0EcClCiNFpAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .Accor  towards net positive hospitalityAccor was the first hospitality Group to set an ambitious science-based emissions reduction target: -46% absolute emissions by 2030 compared to the 2019 base year  validated by the SBTi; with an ultimate goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050. To date  84% of hotels in the Accor network have also successfully removed 46 types of single use plastics in their guest experience and 97% of employees at a HQ level have completed the ""School for Change"" training to embed an ESG approach in every aspect of Accor business strategy and operations.About Trip.com GroupTrip.com Group is a leading global travel service provider comprising of Trip.com  Ctrip  Skyscanner  and Qunar. Across its platforms  Trip.com Group helps travellers around the world make informed and cost-effective bookings for travel products and services and enables partners to connect their offerings with users through the aggregation of comprehensive travel-related content and resources  and an advanced transaction platform consisting of apps  websites and 24/7 customer service centers. Founded in 1999 and listed on NASDAQ in 2003 and HKEX in 2021  Trip.com Group has become one of the best-known travel groups in the world  with the mission ""to pursue the perfect trip for a better world"". Find out more about Trip.com Group here: https://group.trip.com/About McKinsey & CompanyMcKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations realize sustainable  inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive change for all their stakeholders. We combine bold strategies and transformative technologies to help organizations innovate more sustainably  achieve lasting gains in performance  and build workforces that will thrive for this generation and the next.Today we have more than 1 400 partners  consultants  and professional support staff located across six locations in China: Beijing  Chengdu  Hong Kong  Shanghai  Shenzhen  and Taipei. Learn more about McKinsey Greater China at www.mckinsey.com/cnMedia contacts: Accor Global: Line Crieloue  line.crieloue@accor.com; Accor Greater China: Phyllis Sio  Phyllis.sio@accor.com; Trip.com Group: Trip.com Group Media team via prmedia@trip.com; McKinsey & Company: Ms. Xiaoyun Li  M: +86 157 0213 7190  E: xiaoyun_li@mckinsey.comPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033584/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033582/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033580/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033583/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033585/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['New Report', 'Sustainable Future', 'Travel Industry', 'China', 'leading global travel service provider', 'iconic Fairmont Peace hotel', 'global management consulting firm', 'informative industry reference tool', 'biggest global markets', 'certified service providers', 'major global providers', 'Trip.com Group', 'total carbon emissions', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'net positive model', 'greater traveler awareness', 'industry value chain', 'largest tourism market', 'collective industry-wide effort', 'unprecedented sustainability challenge', 'lasting sustainability improvements', 'world-leading hospitality group', ""Chinese travelers' sentiment"", 'sustainable travel options', 'Chinese tourism industry', 'new educational whitepaper', 'tourism providers', 'sustainable options', 'collective mindset', 'united effort', 'Travel Industry', 'Chinese consumers', 'Traveler behavior', 'industry players', 'positive change', 'eco-friendly travel', 'Tourism Council', 'travel sustainability', 'sustainable changes', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable alternatives', 'sustainable offerings', 'sustainable habits', 'sustainable behavior', 'sustainable practices', 'sustainable impact', 'sustainable transformation', 'hospitality industry', 'travel sector', 'consumer recommendations', 'environmental impact', 'key stakeholders', 'pioneering survey', 'collaborative measures', 'significant role', 'required transformation', ""industries' efforts"", 'price rises', 'consumer decisions', 'one destination', 'bed linen', 'single-use plastics', 'guest experience', 'first consideration', 'Such recommendations', 'technology platforms', 'individual adoption', 'collaborative project', 'starting point', 'press conference', 'top executives', 'tourism sector', 'sustainability costs', 'Long-term sustainability', 'sustainability mindset', ""travelers' mindset"", 'climate change', 'behavioural change', 'New Report', 'World Travel', 'same time', 'travelers guidance', 'CEO Accor', 'McKinsey', 'China', 'series', 'SHANGHAI', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'Company', 'actions', 'everyday', 'systemic', 'tomorrow', 'intention', 'path', 'guests', 'pandemic', 'Analysis', 'Data', 'help', 'idea', 'provision', 'willingness', 'burden', 'response', 'towels', 'tandem', 'initiatives', 'responsibility', 'suggestions', 'understanding', 'journey', 'labelling', 'incentives', 'employees', 'quick-wins', 'call', 'hand', 'resource', 'perspectives', 'Chairman', 'People', 'heart', 'everything']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.co.uk
20622,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UCB-5963/news/UCB-Aitia-and-UCB-Announce-Strategic-Drug-Discovery-Collaboration-in-Huntington-s-Disease-43254719/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,UCB : Aitia and UCB Announce Strategic Drug Discovery Collaboration in Huntington's Disease,(marketscreener.com)  Aitia and UCB Announce Strategic Drug Discovery Collaboration in Huntington's Disease    Brussels  Belgium  and Somerville  MA  March 15th  2023 : UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  and Aitia  a leader in the application of Ca…,"Brussels  Belgium  and Somerville  MA  March 15th  2023 (18:30 CET): UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  and Aitia  a leader in the application of Causal AI and ""Digital Twins"" to discover and develop new drugs  today announced an early drug discovery collaboration focused on the discovery and validation of novel drug targets and drug candidates for Huntingdon's disease. The collaboration seeks to validate novel drug targets that are causally linked to clinical endpoints in Huntington's disease.Huntington's disease is a debilitating genetic disorder that affects the brain  causing gradual degeneration of nerve cells in specific areas of the brain  which can lead to problems with movement  behavior  and cognitive abilities1 2. It is estimated that Huntington's disease affects approximately 1 in 10 000 people worldwide and currently there is no cure for the disease and treatment options are limited1 3.Colin Hill  CEO and co-founder of Aitia  commented  ""At Aitia  our mission is to discover the next generation of breakthrough drugs to improve outcomes for patients where there is high unmet need. We believe that Huntington's disease is overdue for major disruption and breakthroughs from our Gemini Digital Twins which are created from large quantities of multi-omic patient data and causal AI. We're excited to collaborate closely with UCB to gain deeper insights into the underlying mechanisms of this complex disease and hope to drive major advancements in drug discovery and development faster than ever before.""This strategic collaboration will combine the use of novel Huntington's disease drug targets from Aitia's Gemini Digital Twins with UCB's expertise in drug research and preclinical model systems in neurodegeneration with the aim to accelerate the discovery of new therapies for people living with Huntington's disease.""We are pleased to work with Aitia in a bid to unravel the circuity of this debilitating disease"" said Dhaval Patel  Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer at UCB. ""We see this collaboration as an investment in next generation science and technology  allowing us to accelerate our understanding of human pathobiology and explore the potential of developing novel medicines through AI.""Financial details of the collaboration were not disclosed.ReferencesHuntington's Disease Association 'Our vision Our mission'. (n.d.). Available at: https://www.hda.org.uk/media/3014/impact-report-2019-final-3.pdf . Last accessed February 2023. www.neurocntr.com . (n.d.). Huntington Disease Overview  Incidence and Prevalence - NEUROCNTR. [online] Available at: http://www.neurocntr.com/huntingtons-disease.php . Last accessed February 2023. health.ucdavis.edu. (n.d.). About Huntington's Disease - UC Davis Huntington's Disease Center of Excellence. [online] Available at: https://health.ucdavis.edu/huntingtons/about.html . Last accessed February 2023.For media enquiries contactAntje Witte Investor Relations (UCB)  +32.2.559.94.14 or email antje.witte@ucb.comLaurent Schots  Corporate Communications (UCB)  +32.2.559.92.64 or email laurent.schots@ucb.comScott Fleming  R&D Communications (UCB)  +447702777378 or email scott.fleming@ucb.comZena Sfeir  Vice President of Marketing (Aitia)  +1.617.374.2300 or email zsfeir@aitiabio.comAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 700 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB).About AitiaAitia is a leader in the application of Causal AI and Digital Twins to discover the next generation of breakthrough drugs. By leveraging the convergence of multi-omic patient data  high-performance computing  and causal learning and AI  Aitia is revealing the hidden biological mechanisms of disease to create Digital Twins of disease in oncology  neurodegenerative disorders  and immunology. Gemini Digital Twins are being used today to discover novel therapies and accelerate R&D in multiple myeloma  prostate cancer  Alzheimer's Disease  Parkinson's Disease  and Huntington's Disease  with several more in development. Aitia's partners include seven of the top ten pharmaceutical companies  leading academic research and medical centers  medical societies  leading multi-omic data companies  and patient advocacy groups globally.Forward looking statements - UCBThis press release may contain forward-looking statements including  without limitation  statements containing the words ""believes""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""plans""  ""seeks""  ""estimates""  ""may""  ""will""  ""continue"" and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current plans  estimates and beliefs of management. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including estimates of revenues  operating margins  capital expenditures  cash  other financial information  expected legal  arbitration  political  regulatory or clinical results or practices and other such estimates and results. By their nature  such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and assumptions which might cause the actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements of UCB  or industry results  to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements contained in this press release. Important factors that could result in such differences include: the global spread and impact of COVID-19  changes in general economic  business and competitive conditions  the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or to obtain them on acceptable terms or within expected timing  costs associated with research and development  changes in the prospects for products in the pipeline or under development by UCB  effects of future judicial decisions or governmental investigations  safety  quality  data integrity or manufacturing issues; potential or actual data security and data privacy breaches  or disruptions of our information technology systems  product liability claims  challenges to patent protection for products or product candidates  competition from other products including biosimilars  changes in laws or regulations  exchange rate fluctuations  changes or uncertainties in tax laws or the administration of such laws  and hiring and retention of its employees. There is no guarantee that new product candidates will be discovered or identified in the pipeline  will progress to product approval or that new indications for existing products will be developed and approved. Movement from concept to commercial product is uncertain; preclinical results do not guarantee safety and efficacy of product candidates in humans. So far  the complexity of the human body cannot be reproduced in computer models  cell culture systems or animal models. The length of the timing to complete clinical trials and to get regulatory approval for product marketing has varied in the past and UCB expects similar unpredictability going forward. Products or potential products  which are the subject of partnerships  joint ventures or licensing collaborations may be subject to differences disputes between the partners or may prove to be not as safe  effective or commercially successful as UCB may have believed at the start of such partnership. UCB's efforts to acquire other products or companies and to integrate the operations of such acquired companies may not be as successful as UCB may have believed at the moment of acquisition. Also  UCB or others could discover safety  side effects or manufacturing problems with its products and/or devices after they are marketed. The discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of UCB's products that implicate an entire class of products may have a material adverse effect on sales of the entire class of affected products. Moreover  sales may be impacted by international and domestic trends toward managed care and health care cost containment  including pricing pressure  political and public scrutiny  customer and prescriber patterns or practices  and the reimbursement policies imposed by third-party payers as well as legislation affecting biopharmaceutical pricing and reimbursement activities and outcomes. Finally  a breakdown  cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality  integrity and availability of UCB's data and systems.Given these uncertainties  you should not place undue reliance on any of such forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that the investigational or approved products described in this press release will be submitted or approved for sale or for any additional indications or labelling in any market  or at any particular time  nor can there be any guarantee that such products will be or will continue to be commercially successful in the future.UCB is providing this information  including forward-looking statements  only as of the date of this press release and it does not reflect any potential impact from the evolving COVID-19 pandemic  unless indicated otherwise. UCB is following the worldwide developments diligently to assess the financial significance of this pandemic to UCB. UCB expressly disclaims any duty to update any information contained in this press release  either to confirm the actual results or to report or reflect any change in its forward-looking statements with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based  unless such statement is required pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.Additionally  information contained in this document shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities  nor shall there be any offer  solicitation or sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction.",neutral,0.01,0.84,0.15,mixed,0.15,0.17,0.68,True,English,"['Strategic Drug Discovery Collaboration', 'UCB', 'Aitia', 'Huntington', 'Disease', 'top ten pharmaceutical companies', 'leading multi-omic data companies', 'Antje Witte Investor Relations', 'early drug discovery collaboration', 'multi-omic patient data', 'high unmet need', 'preclinical model systems', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'media enquiries contact', 'patient advocacy groups', 'debilitating genetic disorder', 'central nervous system', 'hidden biological mechanisms', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Gemini Digital Twins', 'Executive Vice President', 'next generation science', 'novel drug targets', 'R&D Communications', 'UC Davis Huntington', 'Forward looking statements', 'Huntington Disease Overview', 'drug candidates', 'drug research', 'underlying mechanisms', 'Corporate Communications', 'immune system', 'novel medicines', 'novel therapies', 'new drugs', 'clinical endpoints', 'gradual degeneration', 'nerve cells', 'specific areas', 'cognitive abilities', 'treatment options', 'Colin Hill', 'breakthrough drugs', 'major disruption', 'large quantities', 'deeper insights', 'major advancements', 'new therapies', 'Dhaval Patel', 'human pathobiology', 'Financial details', 'hda.org', 'Zena Sfeir', 'innovative medicines', 'severe diseases', 'high-performance computing', 'causal learning', 'neurodegenerative disorders', 'multiple myeloma', 'prostate cancer', 'academic research', 'medical centers', 'medical societies', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'historical facts', 'novel Huntington', 'debilitating disease', 'strategic collaboration', 'forward-looking statements', 'Causal AI', 'Laurent Schots', 'Scott Fleming', 'current plans', 'Euronext Brussels', 'complex disease', 'Disease Association', 'Disease Center', 'Belgium', 'Somerville', 'UCB', 'Aitia', 'leader', 'application', 'validation', 'Huntingdon', 'brain', 'problems', 'movement', 'behavior', '10,000 people', 'cure', 'CEO', 'founder', 'mission', 'outcomes', 'patients', 'breakthroughs', 'development', 'use', 'expertise', 'neurodegeneration', 'aim', 'bid', 'circuity', 'investment', 'technology', 'understanding', 'potential', 'References', 'vision', 'impact-report', 'February', 'Incidence', 'Prevalence', 'NEUROCNTR', 'huntingtons-disease', 'ucdavis', 'Excellence', 'email', 'Marketing', 'solutions', 'lives', '8 700 people', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'convergence', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'Alzheimer', 'Parkinson', 'partners', 'limitation', 'words', 'estimates', 'beliefs', 'management', '30']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20623,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/new-report-promoting-a-sustainable-future-for-chinas-travel-industry-301772783.html,New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry,Trip.com Group  together with Accor and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendations SHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider…,"Trip.com Group  together with Accor and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  in partnership with Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  and global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company  today published a new educational whitepaper that examines the environmental impact of China's tourism sector  analyses Chinese travelers' sentiment towards sustainability and ultimately sets out actions key stakeholders in China's tourism sector need to take to foster sustainable travel. The pioneering survey identifies a series of sustainable changes that ought to be made  from the everyday to the systemic  which can support the travel and hospitality of tomorrow with the intention of becoming an informative industry reference tool for change. The report  entitled ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China""  proposes that by adopting a set of collaborative measures across the industry value chain  from guests to major global providers  China's tourism sector could move toward a more sustainable future.image_5004521_30369368 (From left to right: Mr. Jean-Jacques Morin  Group Deputy CEO  Group CFO and Premium  Midscale & Economy Division CEO  Accor; Mr. Sébastien Bazin  Chairman and CEO of Accor; Mr. Gary Rosen  CEO  Accor Greater China; Ray Chen  SVP of Trip.com Group  CEO of Accommodation Business Group; Ms. Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group; Mr. Li Binghua  Division Director  Market Management Office  Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Culture and Tourism; Mr. Jonathan Woetzel  Director of McKinsey Global Institute  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company; Mr. Steve Saxon  Partner of McKinsey & Company)The world is facing an unprecedented sustainability challenge and the Chinese tourism industry has a significant role in the required transformation of hospitality. According to the World Travel and Tourism Council  China is expected to have the world's largest tourism market by 2032 and  prior to the pandemic  was already one of the biggest global markets. Analysis for the whitepaper found the environmental impact of China's travel industry is substantial: tourism represented approximately 6-8% of China's total carbon emissions in 2019.Data from McKinsey found that Chinese travelers are engaged about their environmental impact and are starting to seek out sustainable alternatives  but the report found they may need more help understanding where to look. Trip.com Group found that 85% of Chinese travelers rate travel sustainability as important or very important  while 60% are concerned about climate change. However  the paper found  at the same time  that Chinese consumers are not yet used to the idea of paying extra for sustainable travel. As such  it is important to provide travelers guidance regarding sustainability costs  highlighting the industries' efforts to improve provision of sustainable offerings. This will increase willingness to pay by showing the burden to be shared and that price rises will only be short-term.In response to this  the report provides guidance on the actions that travelers can take to travel sustainably and to empower their own consumer decisions  including booking sustainable travel options with certified service providers  spending more time in one destination  and cultivating sustainable habits such as changing towels or bed linen less frequently and refusing to use single-use plastics in guest experience. Traveler behavior is just the first consideration the report highlights. Long-term sustainability will be achieved in tandem with initiatives from tourism providers  who hold a responsibility to inspire travelers' mindset.The whitepaper sets out a series of suggestions for the hospitality industry to support the Chinese traveler in their understanding of sustainable travel  inspire behavioural change and ultimately support the sector's journey towards a net positive model  one which gives more than it takes. Such recommendations include using technology platforms to make sustainable travel options more visible online  using labelling to ensure travelers are informed on the environmental impact of their actions  providing incentives to encourage sustainable behavior  and training employees to adopt a sustainability mindset.While greater traveler awareness and willingness to choose sustainable options combined with tourism providers' individual adoption of more sustainable practices can help China's travel sector realize ""quick-wins"" in sustainable impact  lasting sustainability improvements require collective industry-wide effort. The report concludes as a call to action for the hospitality industry to work together hand in hand to achieve sustainable transformation in China. This collaborative project is a starting point for this collective mindset  as a resource which can be used by guests and industry players alike in a united effort for positive change.At a press conference held at the iconic Fairmont Peace hotel in Shanghai  to launch the report  top executives from Accor  Trip.com Group  and McKinsey & Company shared their perspectives on sustainable travel in China.Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO Accor  said: ""People and sustainability are at the heart of everything we do. When it comes to sustainability there are no individuals  only collectives  and this paper represents a major step-forward for this collaborative industry approach. Impactful change cannot be made alone; transformation happens together. Traveling across China and around the world responsibly can connect people and Accor is proud to lead this collective journey  supporting local communities  protecting biodiversity  as well as sharing and engaging in more sustainable habits. Sustainability is crucial and we have been so pleased to work with our strategic partner Trip.com Group and trusted advisor and counselor McKinsey on this meaningful sustainability-focused White Paper to continue to drive positive change for our guests  talents and partners.""Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group  said: ""We are thrilled to be leading the charge for sustainable travel and promoting responsible tourism practices in the industry. Our commitment to harmonious coexistence between people and nature has driven us to implement green and environmental protection practices  such as our 'Green Tourism Goals'  which has already reached millions of global tourists. By collaborating with strategic partners  including Accor and McKinsey & Company  we aim to integrate the social and commercial value of green and environmental protection  creating new business growth opportunities for partners. Our goal is to pave the way for a more sustainable and responsible travel industry.""Jonathan Woetzel  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company and Director of McKinsey Global Institute  said: ""The Chinese tourism industry is large enough to take the lead in advancing the sustainability agenda. As travelers resume their adventures  each step of their journey presents opportunities to make choices and take concrete actions that could immediately reduce their environmental footprint. But the burden is not on the traveler alone. Long-term change calls for collaboration between actors across the entire travel industry  from hotels and travel agencies to green investors and technology suppliers.""Download ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China"" – joint research in travel sustainability in China HERE.About Trip.com GroupTrip.com Group is a leading global travel service provider comprising of Trip.com  Ctrip  Skyscanner  and Qunar. Across its platforms  Trip.com Group helps travellers around the world make informed and cost-effective bookings for travel products and services and enables partners to connect their offerings with users through the aggregation of comprehensive travel-related content and resources  and an advanced transaction platform consisting of apps  websites and 24/7 customer service centers. Founded in 1999 and listed on NASDAQ in 2003 and HKEX in 2021  Trip.com Group has become one of the best-known travel groups in the world  with the mission ""to pursue the perfect trip for a better world"". Find out more about Trip.com Group here: https://group.trip.com/About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .Accor  towards net positive hospitalityAccor was the first hospitality Group to set an ambitious science-based emissions reduction target: -46% absolute emissions by 2030 compared to the 2019 base year  validated by the SBTi; with an ultimate goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050. To date  84% of hotels in the Accor network have also successfully removed 46 types of single use plastics in their guest experience and 97% of employees at a HQ level have completed the ""School for Change"" training to embed an ESG approach in every aspect of Accor business strategy and operations.About McKinsey & CompanyMcKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations realize sustainable  inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive change for all their stakeholders. We combine bold strategies and transformative technologies to help organizations innovate more sustainably  achieve lasting gains in performance  and build workforces that will thrive for this generation and the next.Today we have more than 1 400 partners  consultants  and professional support staff located across six locations in China: Beijing  Chengdu  Hong Kong  Shanghai  Shenzhen  and Taipei. Learn more about McKinsey Greater China at www.mckinsey.com/cnPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033510/image_5004521_30369368.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033511/image_5004521_30369540.jpgLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1912572/3940589/LPR_Logo.jpgSOURCE Trip.com Group",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['New Report', 'Sustainable Future', 'Travel Industry', 'China', 'leading global travel service provider', 'Mr. Sébastien Bazin', 'global management consulting firm', 'informative industry reference tool', 'certified service providers', 'biggest global markets', 'Market Management Office', 'major global providers', 'Mr. Jean-Jacques Morin', 'Mr. Gary Rosen', 'Mr. Li Binghua', 'Mr. Jonathan Woetzel', 'Mr. Steve Saxon', 'Ms. Jane Sun', 'total carbon emissions', 'iconic Fairmont Peac', 'Trip.com Group', 'Accommodation Business Group', 'net positive model', 'industry value chain', 'greater traveler awareness', 'unprecedented sustainability challenge', 'lasting sustainability improvements', 'Shanghai Municipal Bureau', 'largest tourism market', 'collective industry-wide effort', 'McKinsey Global Institute', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Group Deputy CEO', 'new educational whitepaper', ""Chinese travelers' sentiment"", 'Economy Division CEO', 'sustainable travel options', 'Chinese tourism industry', 'Accor Greater China', 'Group CFO', 'sustainable options', 'travel industry', 'tourism providers', 'collective mindset', 'united effort', 'travel sustainability', 'industry players', 'Chinese consumers', 'Traveler behavior', 'eco-friendly travel', 'positive change', 'hospitality industry', 'sustainability costs', 'Long-term sustainability', 'sustainability mindset', 'sustainable changes', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable alternatives', 'sustainable offerings', 'sustainable habits', 'sustainable behavior', 'sustainable practices', 'sustainable impact', 'sustainable transformation', 'travel sector', 'consumer recommendations', 'environmental impact', 'key stakeholders', 'pioneering survey', 'collaborative measures', 'Ray Chen', 'Division Director', 'significant role', 'required transformation', 'Tourism Council', ""industries' efforts"", 'price rises', 'consumer decisions', 'one destination', 'bed linen', 'single-use plastics', 'guest experience', 'first consideration', 'Such recommendations', 'technology platforms', 'individual adoption', 'collaborative project', 'starting point', 'press conference', ""travelers' mindset"", 'tourism sector', 'climate change', 'behavioural change', 'World Travel', 'Senior Partner', 'same time', 'travelers guidance', 'series', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'Company', 'actions', 'everyday', 'systemic', 'tomorrow', 'intention', 'report', 'path', 'guests', 'left', 'right', 'Premium', 'Midscale', 'Chairman', 'SVP', 'Culture', 'pandemic', 'Analysis', 'Data', 'help', 'idea', 'provision', 'willingness', 'burden', 'response', 'towels', 'tandem', 'initiatives', 'responsibility', 'suggestions', 'understanding', 'journey', 'labelling', 'incentives', 'employees', 'quick-wins', 'call', 'hand', 'resource']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.co.uk
20624,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRIP-COM-GROUP-LIMITED-40311225/news/New-Report-Promoting-a-Sustainable-Future-for-China-s-Travel-Industry-43248203/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry,(marketscreener.com) Trip.com Group  together with Accor and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Trip.com Group  a leading global …,"Trip.com Group  together with Accor and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  in partnership with Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  and global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company  today published a new educational whitepaper that examines the environmental impact of China's tourism sector  analyses Chinese travelers' sentiment towards sustainability and ultimately sets out actions key stakeholders in China's tourism sector need to take to foster sustainable travel. The pioneering survey identifies a series of sustainable changes that ought to be made  from the everyday to the systemic  which can support the travel and hospitality of tomorrow with the intention of becoming an informative industry reference tool for change. The report  entitled ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China""  proposes that by adopting a set of collaborative measures across the industry value chain  from guests to major global providers  China's tourism sector could move toward a more sustainable future.The world is facing an unprecedented sustainability challenge and the Chinese tourism industry has a significant role in the required transformation of hospitality. According to the World Travel and Tourism Council  China is expected to have the world's largest tourism market by 2032 and  prior to the pandemic  was already one of the biggest global markets. Analysis for the whitepaper found the environmental impact of China's travel industry is substantial: tourism represented approximately 6-8% of China's total carbon emissions in 2019.Data from McKinsey found that Chinese travelers are engaged about their environmental impact and are starting to seek out sustainable alternatives  but the report found they may need more help understanding where to look. Trip.com Group found that 85% of Chinese travelers rate travel sustainability as important or very important  while 60% are concerned about climate change. However  the paper found  at the same time  that Chinese consumers are not yet used to the idea of paying extra for sustainable travel. As such  it is important to provide travelers guidance regarding sustainability costs  highlighting the industries' efforts to improve provision of sustainable offerings. This will increase willingness to pay by showing the burden to be shared and that price rises will only be short-term.In response to this  the report provides guidance on the actions that travelers can take to travel sustainably and to empower their own consumer decisions  including booking sustainable travel options with certified service providers  spending more time in one destination  and cultivating sustainable habits such as changing towels or bed linen less frequently and refusing to use single-use plastics in guest experience. Traveler behavior is just the first consideration the report highlights. Long-term sustainability will be achieved in tandem with initiatives from tourism providers  who hold a responsibility to inspire travelers' mindset.The whitepaper sets out a series of suggestions for the hospitality industry to support the Chinese traveler in their understanding of sustainable travel  inspire behavioural change and ultimately support the sector's journey towards a net positive model  one which gives more than it takes. Such recommendations include using technology platforms to make sustainable travel options more visible online  using labelling to ensure travelers are informed on the environmental impact of their actions  providing incentives to encourage sustainable behavior  and training employees to adopt a sustainability mindset.While greater traveler awareness and willingness to choose sustainable options combined with tourism providers' individual adoption of more sustainable practices can help China's travel sector realize ""quick-wins"" in sustainable impact  lasting sustainability improvements require collective industry-wide effort. The report concludes as a call to action for the hospitality industry to work together hand in hand to achieve sustainable transformation in China. This collaborative project is a starting point for this collective mindset  as a resource which can be used by guests and industry players alike in a united effort for positive change.At a press conference held at the iconic Fairmont Peace hotel in Shanghai  to launch the report  top executives from Accor  Trip.com Group  and McKinsey & Company shared their perspectives on sustainable travel in China.Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO Accor  said: ""People and sustainability are at the heart of everything we do. When it comes to sustainability there are no individuals  only collectives  and this paper represents a major step-forward for this collaborative industry approach. Impactful change cannot be made alone; transformation happens together. Traveling across China and around the world responsibly can connect people and Accor is proud to lead this collective journey  supporting local communities  protecting biodiversity  as well as sharing and engaging in more sustainable habits. Sustainability is crucial and we have been so pleased to work with our strategic partner Trip.com Group and trusted advisor and counselor McKinsey on this meaningful sustainability-focused White Paper to continue to drive positive change for our guests  talents and partners.""Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group  said: ""We are thrilled to be leading the charge for sustainable travel and promoting responsible tourism practices in the industry. Our commitment to harmonious coexistence between people and nature has driven us to implement green and environmental protection practices  such as our 'Green Tourism Goals'  which has already reached millions of global tourists. By collaborating with strategic partners  including Accor and McKinsey & Company  we aim to integrate the social and commercial value of green and environmental protection  creating new business growth opportunities for partners. Our goal is to pave the way for a more sustainable and responsible travel industry.""Jonathan Woetzel  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company and Director of McKinsey Global Institute  said: ""The Chinese tourism industry is large enough to take the lead in advancing the sustainability agenda. As travelers resume their adventures  each step of their journey presents opportunities to make choices and take concrete actions that could immediately reduce their environmental footprint. But the burden is not on the traveler alone. Long-term change calls for collaboration between actors across the entire travel industry  from hotels and travel agencies to green investors and technology suppliers.""Download ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China"" – joint research in travel sustainability in China HERE.About Trip.com GroupTrip.com Group is a leading global travel service provider comprising of Trip.com  Ctrip  Skyscanner  and Qunar. Across its platforms  Trip.com Group helps travellers around the world make informed and cost-effective bookings for travel products and services and enables partners to connect their offerings with users through the aggregation of comprehensive travel-related content and resources  and an advanced transaction platform consisting of apps  websites and 24/7 customer service centers. Founded in 1999 and listed on NASDAQ in 2003 and HKEX in 2021  Trip.com Group has become one of the best-known travel groups in the world  with the mission ""to pursue the perfect trip for a better world"". Find out more about Trip.com Group here: https://group.trip.com/About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .Accor  towards net positive hospitalityAccor was the first hospitality Group to set an ambitious science-based emissions reduction target: -46% absolute emissions by 2030 compared to the 2019 base year  validated by the SBTi; with an ultimate goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050. To date  84% of hotels in the Accor network have also successfully removed 46 types of single use plastics in their guest experience and 97% of employees at a HQ level have completed the ""School for Change"" training to embed an ESG approach in every aspect of Accor business strategy and operations.About McKinsey & CompanyMcKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations realize sustainable  inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive change for all their stakeholders. We combine bold strategies and transformative technologies to help organizations innovate more sustainably  achieve lasting gains in performance  and build workforces that will thrive for this generation and the next.Today we have more than 1 400 partners  consultants  and professional support staff located across six locations in China: Beijing  Chengdu  Hong Kong  Shanghai  Shenzhen  and Taipei. Learn more about McKinsey Greater China at www.mckinsey.com/cnView original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-report-promoting-a-sustainable-future-for-chinas-travel-industry-301772739.htmlSOURCE Trip.com Group",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['New Report', 'Sustainable Future', 'Travel Industry', 'China', 'leading global travel service provider', 'iconic Fairmont Peace hotel', 'global management consulting firm', 'informative industry reference tool', 'biggest global markets', 'certified service providers', 'major global providers', 'Trip.com Group', 'total carbon emissions', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'net positive model', 'industry value chain', 'greater traveler awareness', 'largest tourism market', 'collective industry-wide effort', 'unprecedented sustainability challenge', 'lasting sustainability improvements', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'collaborative industry approach', 'new educational whitepaper', ""Chinese travelers' sentiment"", 'sustainable travel options', 'Chinese tourism industry', 'tourism providers', 'sustainable options', 'travel industry', 'collective mindset', 'united effort', 'industry players', 'collaborative measures', 'Chinese consumers', 'Traveler behavior', 'collaborative project', 'positive change', 'eco-friendly travel', 'hospitality industry', 'travel sustainability', 'Tourism Council', 'sustainable changes', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable alternatives', 'sustainable offerings', 'sustainable habits', 'sustainable behavior', 'sustainable practices', 'sustainable impact', 'travel sector', 'consumer recommendations', 'environmental impact', 'key stakeholders', 'pioneering survey', 'significant role', ""industries' efforts"", 'price rises', 'consumer decisions', 'one destination', 'bed linen', 'single-use plastics', 'guest experience', 'first consideration', 'Such recommendations', 'technology platforms', 'individual adoption', 'starting point', 'press conference', 'top executives', 'tourism sector', 'sustainability costs', 'Long-term sustainability', 'sustainability mindset', ""travelers' mindset"", 'climate change', 'behavioural change', 'Impactful change', 'sustainable transformation', 'required transformation', 'World Travel', 'same time', 'travelers guidance', 'CEO Accor', 'McKinsey', 'China', 'series', 'SHANGHAI', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'Company', 'actions', 'everyday', 'systemic', 'tomorrow', 'intention', 'report', 'path', 'guests', 'pandemic', 'Analysis', 'Data', 'help', 'idea', 'provision', 'willingness', 'burden', 'response', 'towels', 'tandem', 'initiatives', 'responsibility', 'suggestions', 'understanding', 'journey', 'labelling', 'incentives', 'employees', 'quick-wins', 'call', 'hand', 'resource', 'perspectives', 'Chairman', 'People', 'heart', 'everything', 'individuals', 'collectives']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20625,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://knowyourmeme.com/photos/2551068-meme-man-wurds-stonks-edits,this is not a shitcoin | /r/Stonks | Meme Man Wurds / Stonks Edits,Published on TradingView.com  Mar 15  2023 11:17 UTCBNP PARIBAS ACT.A  1h  EURONEXT 51.98 -0.02 (-0.04%)ImThis is NOT a coinIt's the secondbank in Europe$2.7 trillion BNP Paribas13мир17 Trading View2023largestMar61314:00EUR…,Published on TradingView.com  Mar 15  2023 11:17 UTCBNP PARIBAS ACT.A  1h  EURONEXT 51.98 -0.02 (-0.04%)ImThis is NOT a coinIt's the secondbank in Europe$2.7 trillion BNP Paribas13мир17 Trading View2023largestMar61314:00EUR…,negative,0.03,0.04,0.93,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Meme Man Wurds', 'Stonks Edits', 'shitcoin', 'BNP PARIBAS ACT', 'second bank', '17 Trading View', 'TradingView', 'EURONEXT', 'coin', 'Europe', 'largest', 'Mar', 'мир']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,knowyourmeme.com
20626,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TAMBURI-INVESTMENT-PARTNE-165255/news/Tamburi-Investment-Partners-S-p-A-Approved-the-proposal-annual-financial-report-for-the-year-2022-43253686/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Approved the proposal annual financial report for the year 2022 of Tamburi Investment Partners Group,(marketscreener.com) Bloomberg consensus EBITDA   Revenue figures for FY 2022 - Bloomberg consensus EBITDA   Revenues and Ebitda reflect guidance data reported by Sesa Group - NFP from Bloomberg consensus   Management's 'what if' estimate on FY resul…,"Tamburi Investment Partners S p A : Approved the proposal annual financial report for the year 2022 of Tamburi Investment Partners Group 03/15/2023 | 11:30am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields consolidated net profit of 139 million euros (pro forma) consolidated equity of approximately 1.17 billion euros proposed dividend of 0.13 euro per share The Board of Directors of Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. (""TIP""-tip.mi)  an independent and diversified industrial group  listed on the Euronext Star Milan segment of Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  which met today 15 March 2023  approved the proposal for the annual financial report for the year 2022 to be submitted to the shareholders' meeting which will be called for 27 and 28 April 2023  respectively on first and second call. RESULTS AT DECEMBER 31  2022 The TIP group closes 2022 with a pro forma consolidated net profit of approximately 139 million  higher than the 127.9 million of 2021. Consolidated shareholders' equity as at 31 December 2022 is approximately 1.17 billion (compared to 1.26 billion at 31 December 2021) after dividend distributions of over 20 million and purchases of treasury shares for around 20.7 million. Considering the effect of the club deals promoted by TIP  the market value of the investments so far made directly by TIP and by TIP's investee vehicles exceeds 5 billion. Overall  during the year  the TIP group made equity investments of around 130 million (which rise to around 190 million with the effect of the club deals) and direct divestments of around 150 million. Despite the elements of difficulty and uncertainty at national and international level  also in 2022 almost all of the investee companies continued to achieve excellent results  with growth in economic performance  compared to 2021  often higher than that of the respective reference sectors. Listed companies Sales Ebitda NFP / 2022 vs margin Adj. Ebitda Adj. 2021 2022 8.8% 24.8% 1.6x 1.3% 10.3% 0.5x 31.1% 18.6% Cash 29.5% 23.7% 1.1x 27.2% 34.4% Cash 1 11.0% 11.3% 1.0x 26.2% 9.3% 1.0x 2 22.3% 21.1% Cash 3 17.4% 7.3% Cash Average 19.4% 17.9% Private companies Sales Ebitda NFP / 2022 vs margin Adj. Ebitda 2021 2022 Adjusted 4 50..8% 4..2% 2 7x  --2 9x 5 22.8% 10.0% Cash 39.3% n.a. n.a. 10.9% 11.4% 2.9x 18.3% 25.7% Cash 118.1% n.m. n.m. 30.2% 4.1% n.m. 12.6% 20.6% Cash 11.3% 27.3% Cash Average 34.9% 14.7% Revenue figures for FY 2022 (ending January 2023) - Bloomberg consensus EBITDA Revenue figures for FY 2022 - Bloomberg consensus EBITDA Revenues and Ebitda reflect guidance data (April 2023) reported by Sesa Group - NFP from Bloomberg consensus Management's 'what if' estimate on FY results October 23 Fiscal year figure as at 31 August 2022 1 The difficulties experienced by the broader economy in 2022 due to component shortages  logistics problems  increases in raw material and energy costs have been addressed and generally overcome well by TIP's subsidiaries  which face 2023 with a solid starting point. Despite all of this  the price of the TIP share is  even more than those of its listed subsidiaries  inexplicably depressed  even if the long-term performance  as reported by the usual chart of the TIP share as of 10 March 2023  highlights  over the past ten years  an excellent performance of the stock - +379.9% - both in absolute terms and with respect to the main national and international indexes. Again at ten years  the total return(1) of the TIP share was 428.1%  which corresponds to an average figure of over 40%. 12 5 10 5 8 5 6 5 4 5 2 5 0 5 + 379  9% IT Star +3 1 0 7% asdaq +2 4 1 7% S&P 500 +1 4 8 1% D OW JONES + 1 2 0 4% F TSE Small Cap +1 1 9 7% F TSE MIB +6 9  5% MSC I Eur +5 2  0% TIP processing on the basis of data collected on March 10  2023 at 19.43 source Bloomberg From an examination of the previous table and the graph above  with analysts' target price between 10 and 12 euros per share  with implicit capital gains on net invested capital which at the current market prices of the listed subsidiaries well exceed one billion euros but which are around two billion if we consider the level of Net Intrinsic Value  the current stock exchange rate is objectively very penalised. Also for this reason the deliberate buyback continues and it is believed that the same is - given the quality of the investees and the good balance both in terms of sectors and in terms of size  with an ever more attentive eye on innovation - an excellent way to continue investing liquidity portfolio  especially in times like the present. During 2022 TIP held 115 meetings with existing or potential analysts  managers and investors. The work is continuing in 2023 and the hope is that the gap between quotation  target price and V.I.N. be filled soon. The usual pro forma income statement for the period 1 January - 31 December 2022  determined by considering realized capital gains and losses and write-downs on equity investments  is shown below. Indeed  as known  we believe this system  in force until a few years ago  much more significant for representing the reality of TIP's business. (1) Total return source Bloomberg. 2 Reclassification to Reclassification to income statement income statement IFRS of capital gain of adjustments to PRO FORMA PRO FORMA Consolidated income statement 31/12/2022 (loss) realised financial assets 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 (in Euro) Total revenues 1 868 318 1 868 318 6 352 260 Purchases  service and other costs (2 792 518) (2 792 518) (4 817 214) Personnel expenses (30 492 044) (30 492 044) (48 661 186) Amortisation (366 445) (366 445) (345 125) Operating profit/(loss) (31 782 689) 0 0 (31 782 689) (47 471 265) Financial income 113 307 949 2 472 937 115 780 886 138 718 337 Financial charges (13 447 204) (13 447 204) (19 632 055) Share of profit/(loss) of associates measured 68 482 493 68 482 493 58 902 001 under the equity method Adjustments to financial assets (941 707) (941 707) (409 732) Profit / (loss) before taxes 136 560 549 2 472 937 (941 707) 138 091 779 130 107 286 Current and deferred taxes 933 769 (29 675) 0 904 094 (2 159 596) Profit / (loss) of the period 137 494 318 2 443 262 (941 707) 138 995 873 127 947 690 Profit/(loss) of the period attributable to 134 129 138 2 443 262 (941 707) 135 630 692 95 751 023 the shareholders of the parent Profit/(loss) of the period attributable to 3 365 181 0 0 3 365 181 32 196 667 the minority interest The IFRS income statement does not include the capital gains realized in the period on equity investments and shares transferred directly to shareholders' equity  amounting to 2.5 million euros. In the period TIP recorded approximately 68.5 million as results of associates  approximately 100 million in capital gains from the BE transaction  approximately 2.5 million in other capital gains and approximately 8.1 million in dividends; revenues from advisory activities amounted to approximately 1.8 million. Personnel costs are  as always  significantly influenced by the component of the variable remuneration of executive directors which  as known  is based on results. The lower incidence compared to 2021 is due to the fact that in 2021 they included expenses for the assignment of stock options. In September TIP finalized the sale of its shares in BE S.p.A. to the Engineering group  an operation on which extensive information has been provided. The proceeds for TIP were 131.6 million; TIP has reinvested 27 of them  in a corporate vehicle in which there are also numerous members of BE's top management. Financial income also includes changes in the fair value of derivative instruments for €2.7 million  interest income and capital gains on bonds for €1.2 million and interest income from loans and deposits for approximately €0.8 million. Financial charges mainly refer to interest accrued on the bond issued for approximately 8 million  other interest on loans for 2.6 million  capital losses on bonds for 1.4 million and negative changes in the value of derivative instruments for approximately 1 million. The consolidated net financial position of the TIP Group as at December 31  2022 - also taking into account the bond loan issued  but without considering non-current financial assets and considered short-term usable liquidity under the management profile - was negative by approximately 419.1 million  compared to approximately 380.8 million as at 31 December 2021. The change in the period is attributable to the use of liquidity to finalize further investments in equity investments  the distribution of dividends and the purchase of treasury shares  net of the collection of the proceeds 3 from the sale of BE (net of the reinvestment in Engineering) and some bonds. The most important operations are described in more detail below. In February TIP acquired - through the subscription of a reserved capital increase - 10% of Lio Factory  parent company of an alternative investment platform (real estate  special situation and deep tech) guided by a data driven approach. Again in February  StarTIP increased its investment in DV Holding (parent company of DoveVivo) and obtained repayment of the bond loan subscribed. In March  TIP undertook to cover  through Itaca Equity Holding S.p.A.  up to a maximum of 39.5 million euro  the approved capital increase  for a maximum of 60 million Euro  of Landi Renzo S.p.A.  a company listed on the Euronext Star Milan segment operating in automotive fuel systems that use alternative sources and in gas compression systems. In the first half of 2022  Itaca Equity Holding raised the necessary financial resources from the shareholders for the investment  which it then finalised  between July and early September  through the entry into the holding company of the Landi family  the company that controls the Landi Renzo group  and subscribed its share of the capital increase. In September  the capital increase was finalized with a total investment by Itaca Equity Holding of around 36 million  of which around 9 million pertaining to TIP. Following further purchases on the market during 2022  the stake in OVS rose to 28.44% and that in Elica to 20.94%. In April  TIP formalized an agreement to acquire 28.5% of Simbiosi S.r.l.  a company that controls numerous activities developed to provide systems and ecosystem services to industrial companies and municipalities interested in increasing and/or making their presence more efficient in agribusiness and the circular economy. This investment was then concretely finalized in January 2023. In May  the option to purchase other ITH shares (controlling holding of Sesa S.p.A.) was exercised  which made it possible to slightly increase the stake  which has now risen to 21.36% on a fully diluted basis. In July TIP completed the acquisition of a 25% stake in Mulan  a company that produces and distributes ready meals  fresh and frozen  Asian-inspired but Made in Italy  operates online and is present in more than 8 000 points of sale of large-scale distribution  in Italy and in Europe. Again in July  a further investment was made in Bending Spoons mainly for the purpose of avoiding dilution in such an interesting and promising company. In September  Clubitaly  an associate of TIP  signed agreements for the strategic and capital strengthening of Eataly which provide for - in the event of exceeding the conditions precedent envisaged - entry into the shareholding structure of the parent company Eataly S.p.A. of a company of the Investindustrial group with a majority stake. Clubitaly  following the overcoming of the conditions precedent  at the closing: 1. will acquire a further stake in Eataly under conditions such as to allow it to lower the average book value; 2. will not sell Eataly shares; 3. will have the right to be represented on the Board of Directors of Eataly. On that date  shareholders' agreements will enter into force which will govern the future governance of the group and which envisage  among other things  upon the future valuation of 4 shares in the capital of Eataly  value protection mechanisms for Clubitaly. As part of this agreement  a new CEO was appointed in 2022 and the new investor disbursed a loan to Eataly. In November  TIP  continuing its policy of gradually reabsorbing the investments of third parties that participated in the club deals  acquired the remaining 49% of the subsidiary TXR  which in turn holds the investment in Roche Bobois  for a consideration of approximately 50 millions. TXR was formed in 2013 with the aim of carrying out the Roche Bobois operation. Smaller investments and purchases of treasury shares also continued  as well as the usual active management of liquidity. With regard to buy-backs  in April a new treasury share purchase program was launched up to a maximum of a further no. 7 000 000 shares  to be completed by 30 April 2023. A total of 2 596 307 treasury shares were purchased in 2022 with an investment of approximately 20.7 million. The results for 2022  for the whole year or interim  already communicated by the main listed companies  Amplifon S.p.A.  Hugo Boss AG  Interpump Group S.p.A.  Moncler S.p.A.  Prysmian S.p.A. and Roche Bobois S.A. are very positive and growing further compared to the record year 2021. The data for the first nine months of OVS S.p.A. communicated on 31 January 2023 were very good  much better than in the same period of 2021 and therefore the results for the twelve months to 31 January 2023 are also presumed to be very good. For Sesa S.p.A. the nine-month results as at 31 January 2023 are confirmed as excellent  with strong growth compared to the same period of the previous year  surpassing the record results already recorded in the financial year ended 30 April 2022. The activities of other direct and indirect equity investments also achieved positive results in 2022  often exceeding the final data in 2021  already recovering compared to 2020. Alpitour S.p.A. after the first few months still feeling the effects of the tourism crisis due to Covid  the speed of recovery in turnover  orders and profitability is truly impressive. The current year should lead to the Alpitour group exceeding the profitability of the record years - even significantly if unpredictable events do not occur at the moment. Eataly S.p.A. encountered difficulties in the first half of the year  while in the second half of the year  also following the entry of the new managing director  it showed a good recovery in business. Elica  especially in the last months of 2022  was affected by the slowdown in demand on the home market as well as by the crisis of some large international groups in the sector. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS TO DECEMBER 31  2021 In January  through the subscription of a capital increase  the acquisition of a 28.5% stake in Simbiosi S.r.l.  the parent company of some companies  originally attributable to Neoruralehub S.r.l.  which develop technologies  solutions and patents that can be used in many applications aimed at saving natural resources (air  water  materials and soil) and energy. Simbiosi controls all the activities and technologies developed in over 20 years  also tested at the Giulio Natta 5 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer TIP - Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A. published this content on 15 March 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 15 March 2023 15:29:07 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TAMBURI INVESTMENT PARTNERS S.P.A. 03/15 Tamburi improves profit; financial debt rises AN 03/15 Tamburi Investment Partners S P A : Approved the proposal annual financial report for the .. PU 03/13 Tamburi bought back its own shares for nearly EUR537 000 AN 03/13 Digital Magics and LVenture prepare term-sheet aimed at merger AN 03/07 Tamburi rises in Elica's capital by taking over 5 000 shares AN 03/06 Tamburi takes over own shares for more than EUR345 000 AN 02/27 Tamburi takes over own shares for more than EUR1 million AN 02/20 Tamburi bought back own shares for EUR647 000 AN 02/17 Mib down; banks up 30 percent since start of year AN 02/17 Lists bearish; BPER touches annual high AN",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.09,0.24,True,English,"['proposal annual financial report', 'Tamburi Investment Partners Group', 'year', 'Tamburi Investment Partners S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'usual pro forma income statement', 'Private companies Sales Ebitda NFP', 'Bloomberg consensus EBITDA Revenue figures', 'Tamburi Investment Partners Group', 'Euronext Star Milan segment', 'F TSE Small Cap', 'Bloomberg consensus EBITDA Revenues', 'current stock exchange rate', 'proposal annual financial report', 'October 23 Fiscal year figure', 'Bloomberg consensus Management', 'F TSE MIB', 'multiple email addresses', 'solid starting point', 'D OW JONES', 'MSC I Eur', 'current market prices', 'V.I.N.', 'S&P 500', 'diversified industrial group', 'implicit capital gains', 'net invested capital', 'respective reference sectors', 'past ten years', 'Net Intrinsic Value', 'one billion euros', ""analysts' target price"", ""Consolidated shareholders' equity"", 'usual chart', '19.43 source Bloomberg', 'market value', 'investee companies', 'Listed companies', 'Ebitda Adj.', 'Adj. Ebitda', 'average figure', 'IT Star', 'Sesa Group', 'net profit', '1.17 billion euros', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'potential analysts', 'TIP group', '139 million euros', 'second call', 'treasury shares', 'club deals', 'investee vehicles', 'direct divestments', 'economic performance', 'broader economy', 'component shortages', 'logistics problems', 'raw material', 'energy costs', 'long-term performance', 'excellent performance', 'international indexes', 'total return', 'previous table', 'deliberate buyback', 'good balance', 'attentive eye', 'excellent way', 'liquidity portfolio', 'equity investments', 'excellent results', '2 ,0% TIP processing', 'international level', 'margin Adj.', 'guidance data', 'main national', 'absolute terms', 'TIP share', 'First name', 'FY results', '12 euros', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '0.13 euro', 'Board', 'Directors', 'independent', '28 April', 'DECEMBER', 'The', 'distributions', 'purchases', 'effect', 'elements', 'difficulty', 'uncertainty', 'growth', 'Cash', 'January', 'estimate', '31 August', 'difficulties', 'increases', 'subsidiaries', '10 March', 'basis', 'examination', 'graph', 'reason', 'quality', 'investees', 'size', 'innovation', 'times', 'present', '115 meetings', 'existing', 'managers', 'investors', 'work', 'hope', 'gap', 'quotation', 'period', 'losses', 'write-downs', 'system', 'force', '11:30', '27', '2022']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20627,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aitia-and-ucb-announce-strategic-drug-discovery-collaboration-in-huntingtons-disease-301771941.html,Aitia and UCB Announce Strategic Drug Discovery Collaboration in Huntington's Disease,"BRUSSELS  and SOMERVILLE  Mass.  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  and Aitia  the leader in the application of Causal AI and ""Digital Twins"" to discover and develop new drugs  today announced an early drug discovery colla…","BRUSSELS  and SOMERVILLE  Mass.  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  and Aitia  the leader in the application of Causal AI and ""Digital Twins"" to discover and develop new drugs  today announced an early drug discovery collaboration focused on the discovery and validation of novel drug targets and drug candidates for Huntington's disease. The collaboration seeks to validate novel drug targets that are causally linked to clinical endpoints in Huntington's disease.Huntington's disease is a debilitating genetic disorder that affects the brain  causing gradual degeneration of nerve cells in specific areas of the brain  which can lead to problems with movement  behavior  and cognitive abilities1 2. It is estimated that Huntington's disease affects approximately 1 in 10 000 people worldwide and currently there is no cure for the disease and treatment options are limited1 3.Huntington's disease is overdue for major disruption and breakthroughs from our Gemini Digital Twins Tweet thisColin Hill  CEO and co-founder of Aitia  commented  ""At Aitia  our mission is to discover the next generation of breakthrough drugs to improve outcomes for patients where there is high unmet need. We believe that Huntington's disease is overdue for major disruption and breakthroughs from our Gemini Digital Twins which are created from large quantities of multi-omic patient data and causal AI. We're excited to collaborate closely with UCB to gain deeper insights into the underlying mechanisms of this complex disease and hope to drive major advancements in drug discovery and development faster than ever before.""This strategic collaboration will combine the use of novel Huntington's disease drug targets from Aitia's Gemini Digital Twins with UCB's expertise in drug research and preclinical model systems in neurodegeneration with the aim to accelerate the discovery of new therapies for people living with Huntington's disease.""We are pleased to work with Aitia in a bid to unravel the circuity of this debilitating disease"" said Dhaval Patel  Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer at UCB. ""We see this collaboration as an investment in next generation science and technology  allowing us to accelerate our understanding of human pathobiology and explore the potential of developing novel medicines through AI.""Financial details of the collaboration were not disclosed.ReferencesHuntington's Disease Association 'Our vision Our mission'. (n.d.). Available at: https://www.hda.org.uk/media/3014/impact-report-2019-final-3.pdf. Last accessed February 2023 . www.neurocntr.com. (n.d.). Huntington Disease Overview  Incidence and Prevalence - NEUROCNTR. [online] Available at: http://www.neurocntr.com/huntingtons-disease.php. Last accessed February 2023 . health.ucdavis.edu. (n.d.). About Huntington's Disease - UC Davis Huntington's Disease Center of Excellence. [online] Available at: https://health.ucdavis.edu/huntingtons/about.html. Last accessed February 2023 .About UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or of the central nervous system. With approximately 8 700 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB).About AitiaAitia is the leader in the application of Causal AI and Digital Twins to discover the next generation of breakthrough drugs. By leveraging the convergence of multi-omic patient data  high-performance computing  and causal learning and AI  Aitia is revealing the hidden biological mechanisms of disease to create Digital Twins of disease in oncology  neurodegenerative disorders  and immunology. Gemini Digital Twins are being used today to discover novel therapies and accelerate R&D in multiple myeloma  prostate cancer  Alzheimer's Disease  Parkinson's Disease  and Huntington's Disease  with several more in development. Aitia's partners include seven of the top ten pharmaceutical companies  leading academic research and medical centers  medical societies  leading multi-omic data companies  and patient advocacy groups globally.For more information  please visit www.aitiabio.comFollow us on social media: LinkedIn  TwitterMedia ContactsAitiaZena SfeirVice President of MarketingT +1.617.374.2300email [email protected]UCBR&D CommunicationsScott FlemingT +44.7702777378email [email protected]Investor RelationsAntje WitteT +32.2.559.94.14email [email protected]Corporate Communications Laurent SchotsT +32.2.559.92.64email [email protected]SOURCE Aitia",neutral,0.01,0.76,0.23,mixed,0.21,0.16,0.62,True,English,"['Strategic Drug Discovery Collaboration', 'Aitia', 'UCB', 'Huntington', 'Disease', 'top ten pharmaceutical companies', 'Corporate Communications Laurent Schots', 'Zena Sfeir Vice President', 'leading multi-omic data companies', 'early drug discovery collaboration', 'Executive Vice President', 'multi-omic patient data', 'high unmet need', 'preclinical model systems', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'leading academic research', 'patient advocacy groups', 'debilitating genetic disorder', 'central nervous system', 'hidden biological mechanisms', 'R&D Communications', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Gemini Digital Twins', 'next generation science', 'novel drug targets', 'UC Davis Huntington', 'Huntington Disease Overview', 'drug research', 'drug candidates', 'underlying mechanisms', 'immune system', 'novel medicines', 'novel therapies', 'new drugs', 'clinical endpoints', 'gradual degeneration', 'nerve cells', 'specific areas', 'cognitive abilities', 'treatment options', 'major disruption', 'Colin Hill', 'breakthrough drugs', 'large quantities', 'deeper insights', 'major advancements', 'new therapies', 'Dhaval Patel', 'human pathobiology', 'Financial details', 'hda.org', 'innovative medicines', 'severe diseases', 'high-performance computing', 'causal learning', 'neurodegenerative disorders', 'multiple myeloma', 'prostate cancer', 'medical centers', 'medical societies', 'social media', 'Media Contacts', 'Scott Fleming', 'Investor Relations', 'Antje Witte', 'strategic collaboration', 'debilitating disease', 'novel Huntington', 'Causal AI', 'Euronext Brussels', 'complex disease', 'Disease Association', 'Disease Center', 'SOURCE Aitia', 'SOMERVILLE', 'Mass.', 'UCB', 'leader', 'application', 'validation', 'brain', 'problems', 'movement', 'behavior', '10,000 people', 'cure', 'breakthroughs', 'CEO', 'founder', 'mission', 'outcomes', 'patients', 'development', 'use', 'expertise', 'neurodegeneration', 'aim', 'bid', 'circuity', 'investment', 'technology', 'understanding', 'potential', 'References', 'vision', 'impact-report', 'February', 'Incidence', 'Prevalence', 'NEUROCNTR', 'huntingtons-disease', 'ucdavis', 'Excellence', 'Belgium', 'solutions', 'lives', '8 700 people', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'convergence', 'oncology', 'immunology', 'Alzheimer', 'Parkinson', 'partners', 'information', 'aitiabio', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Marketing', 'email']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20628,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOSCANA-AEROPORTI-S-P-A-286990/news/Toscana-Aeroporti-S-p-A-The-Board-of-Directors-approves-the-Consolidated-Financial-Statements-and-43254783/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Toscana Aeroporti S p A : The Board of Directors approves the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Draft Financial Statements of the Parent Company at December 31  2022,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   The Board of Directors approves   the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Draft Financial   Statements of the Parent Company   at December 31  2022    6.7 million passengers handled by the Tuscan.…,"PRESS RELEASE The Board of Directors approves the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Draft Financial Statements of the Parent Company at December 31  2022 6.7 million passengers handled by the Tuscan Airport System in 2022: +137% compared to 2021  equal to 81.4% of 2019 pre-Covid traffic  Consolidated operating revenues: million  up 118.6% million in 2021)  EBITDA was million  up by 230.6% compared to million in 2021  when the Parent Company had benefited of public grants amounting to million  as a partial compensation for the damages suffered due to the Covid-19 pandemic  Net profit: million compared to a million net loss in 2021  Net Financial Debt: million  down million million at December 31  2021) Ordinary General Meeting called on April 27  2023 (first call) and  where needed  on April 28  2023 (second call). Florence  March 15  2023 The Board of Directors of Toscana Aeroporti S.p.A. Toscana Company an Italian company listed on Euronext Milan of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. which manages Florence and Pisa airports met today to examine and approve the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Draft Financial Statements of the Parent Company at December 31  2022  as well as the Consolidated Disclosure of Non-financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree 254/2016. Toscana Aeroporti Chairman Marco Carrai stated: for both Florence and Pisa airports confirmed the recovery of the airport sector  with a significant rally in traffic volumes  shrinking the gap with the 2019 pre-Covid levels. Moreover  the Company returned to profit after the difficult pandemic years.In spite of the uncertainties of the current geopolitical and macroeconomic context  we continue to look business plan  with a particular focus on environmental sustainability ESG matters."" 2022 passenger traffic results In 2022  the Tuscan Airport System handled 6.7 million passengers overall. This result shows a +137.0% increase compared to 2021 and a recovery of 81.4% compared to 2019 (pre- Covid year)  mainly attributable to the sharp improvement in international (+177.7%) and national traffic (+62.2%). As the Tuscan Airport System is characterized by a strong prevalence of incoming international tourism  the percentage growth difference between the two traffic components reflected the positive impact generated by the easing of passenger mobility restrictions in EU- and non-EU countries. Total flights rose sharply (+74.1%)  as did the load factor of scheduled traffic (+11.7 percentage points)  which went from 68.4% in 2021 to 80.1% in 2022  gradually closing the gap with the 2019 pre-Covid year (83.9%). 1Consolidated operating results It should be noted that all financial indicators are calculated excluding Toscana Aeroporti Handling S.r.l. from both 2022 data and 2021 comparison data as it was classified among discontinued operations pursuant to IFRS 5 following the sale of 80% of its share capital  finalized on December 30  2022 and disclosed in the press release published on the same date. Consolidated revenues grew by 86.3% overall  going from million to million. However  considering operating revenues alone (i.e.  excluding both revenues from construction services  associated with the lower investments made  and other revenues)  consolidated revenues amounted to million in 2022  increasing by 118.6% compared to million in 2021. In detail  following the marked traffic recovery compared to 2021  Aviation revenues rose by 117.5% and Non-Aviationrevenues by 112.4%. Revenues from construction services  directly connected with the investments made  declined by 35.7%. Other income decreased (-93.2% on 2021)  mainly as a result of the fact that 2021 data had included the contribution million) from the compensation fund for the damages caused by Covid-19. Total costs grew by 35.0% in 2022 compared to 2021. In detail  operating costs rose by 52.7%  whereas costs for construction services declined by 40.9% due to the same reasons as illustrated for the corresponding revenue item. Analyzing in detail the main operating cost items  service costs grew by 76.7% compared to 2021 and personnel costs by 23.6%  chiefly as a result of the higher traffic handled in 2022. The aforementioned income statement performance led to a positive EBITDA of million compared to million for 2021. In 2022  EBIT returned to a positive figure at million compared to -million for 2021. PBT reported in 2021. Result from operating activities Net result from assets held for sale and discontinued operations at December 31  2022 million due to the net result for the year of the discontinued operation In 2022  the Toscana Aeroporti net profit amounted to million  sharply improving compared to the million net loss reported in 2021. Investments and financial results The overall investments in 2022 amounted to million  essentially referring to the design of the new terminal  Florence Master Plan  the new IT system for managing car parks at Pisa airport  as well as to the new self-service bag drop systems at both airports. Net Financial Debt was million in 2022 compared to million at December 31  2021. The positive cash flows generated by operating activities in 2022 made it possible to 2reduce net financial debt  as well as to distribute dividend and make infrastructure investments at both airports. Debt/Equity ratio at December 31  2022 was In 2022  adjusted net financial debt  i.e.  net of deferred payment commitments for acquisitions and right-of-use financial liabilities  amounted to .9 million compared to million at December 31  2021. Significant events occurred after December 31  2022 Passenger traffic results in 2023 Passenger traffic rose in January (+121.4%) and February (+54.4%) compared to 2022. Moreover  it reached 92% and 89.9%  respectively  of the same 2019 pre-Covid months. Overall  in the first two months of the year  810 519 passengers were handled by Florence and Pisa airports  marking an increase of +83.4% on the same period of 2022 and reaching 91.0% of the 2019 pre-Covid traffic levels. The first 14 days of March saw positive signs  with a 29% increase on 2022 and levels equal to 88.2% of the figure reported in the same 2019 pre-Covid period. Main news on the operations of Pisa airport Ryanair announced new connections in the summer season to Birmingham  Copenhagen and Kos. In addition  it will resume flights to Glasgow Prestwick. FlyDubai  a low-cost airline of the United Arab Emirates  with intercontinental connection with Dubai  increased its operations at Pisa airport passing from 3 to 4 flights a week. Aegean Airlines will resume its connection to Athens in the high season. Main news on the operations of Florence airport For the 2023 summer season  Volotea announced that it will connect Florence airport to 11 destinations  including Hamburg  Bilbao  Bordeaux  Lion  Marseille and Palermo. Connections of British Airways to London Heathrow  of Albawings to Tirana and of Vueling to Bilbao  Düsseldorf and Bari were resumed. Widerøe resumed its flights to Bergen and will operate a new connection to Oslo. Swiss plans to increase its operations to Zurich  and so will do ITA Airways towards Rome and SAS to Copenhagen. The latter will also offer a new connections to Oslo and Stockholm Arlanda. Air Serbia will make its debut at Florence airport  operating a connection to Belgrade twice a week as of the end of May 2023. Outlook I (+137%) compared to 2021  reaching 81.4% of 2019 pre-Covid traffic. Accordingly  after the negative results reported in 2020 and 2021  which had been severely impacted by the health emergency  in 2022 the Group returned to profit. Despite the uncertainties mainly linked to the international tensions arising from the still ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and the persistence of inflationary pressures  the Company is confident that expected results will continue to improve steadily also thanks to the traffic increase at the two Tuscan airports reported in the first months of the year. FURTHER RESOLUTIONS Approval of the 2022 Consolidated Disclosure on Non-financial Information The Board of Directors of Toscana Aeroporti S.p.A. also examined and approved the 2022 Consolidated Disclosure on Non-financial Information pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 254/2016. This document  prepared in compliance with the Global Reporting Initiative 3guidelines (GRI Universal Standards)  describes the business model  its strategies and polices and the measures undertaken by the Group to pursue its sustainable development. The document will be made available on the website within the term set forth by the law and will be submitted to the forthcoming Meeting. Remuneration Report  Corporate Governance Report During meeting  the Board of Directors approved the Report on the policy regarding remuneration and fees paid prepared pursuant to Article 123-ter of Legislative Decree No. 58 of February 24  1998 TUF ) and the Report on Corporate Governance and Ownership Structure  prepared pursuant to Article 123-bis of TUF. The above-mentioned reports will be made available to the public within the terms provided for by laws and regulations. TA Sustainability Strategic Guidelines During today's meeting  the Board of Directors also approved the TA Sustainability Strategic Guidelines. This resolution is part of a path embarked on by the TA Group aimed at implementing a strategy which will gradually combine business and financial objectives with ESG (Environmental  Social and Governance) principles  in order to create value for both shareholders and stakeholders. To define the sustainability strategic guidelines  Toscana Aeroporti identified several sustainability objectives relating to the 5 relevant topics for developing the business (Green Infrastructure  Operational Excellence  People & Innovation  Customer Experience and Community)  on the basis of which specific objectives and individual initiatives were defined that will be monitored through specific indicators. All of these elements will be included in the first Sustainability Plan of Toscana Aeroporti to be prepared in 2023. Independence and self-assessment With regard to the Directors currently in office  on the basis of the information received from the said Directors and of the declarations that they rendered during the session in question  the Board of Directors has assessed and acknowledged that the independence requirements set out in Article 148  paragraph 3  of the Consolidated Law on Finance have been satisfied by Directors Claudio Bianchi  Nicoletta De Francesco  Giorgio De Lorenzi  Elisabetta Fabri  Gino Mannocci  Antonella Mansi  Cristina Martelli. Patrizia Pacini  Saverio Panerai and Mirko Romoli Fenu. In addition  the Board of Directors assessed that Director Stefano Bottai meets the independence requirements pursuant to the Corporate Governance Code. -assessment report  which confirms that all of its members meet the professionalism and independence requirements  and the self-assessment report on the functioning of the Board of Statutory Auditors  as required by the Rules of Conduct for Boards of Statutory Auditors of Listed Companies and in accordance with the Corporate Governance Code. GeneralMeeting In addition  the Board of Directors re Meeting of Toscana Aeroporti S.p.A. on April 27  2023 at 11:00 a.m. at Florence airport (first call) and  where needed  on April 28  at the same place and time (second call)  to approve the Financial Statements at December 31  2022 and allocate profit for the year amounting 102 75 952 246  4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Toscana Aeroporti S', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'Draft Financial Statements', 'Parent Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'Toscana Aeroporti S.p.A. Toscana Company', 'Toscana Aeroporti Handling S.r.l.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Toscana Aeroporti Chairman Marco Carrai', 'new self-service bag drop systems', 'Toscana Aeroporti net profit', 'environmental sustainability ESG matters', 'main operating cost items', 'new IT system', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'corresponding revenue item', 'Draft Financial Statements', 'Tuscan Airport System', 'Net Financial Debt', 'difficult pandemic years', 'percentage growth difference', 'passenger mobility restrictions', 'income statement performance', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'million net loss', 'two traffic components', 'incoming international tourism', 'Consolidated operating results', 'Consolidated operating revenues', 'Florence Master Plan', 'new terminal', 'financial results', 'financial indicators', 'Parent Company', 'Italian company', 'Consolidated Disclosure', 'operating activities', '2022 passenger traffic', 'airport sector', 'Pisa airport', '6.7 million passengers', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'business plan', '7 percentage points', 'Other income', 'operating costs', 'Consolidated revenues', 'Net result', 'traffic volumes', 'national traffic', 'scheduled traffic', 'higher traffic', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'public grants', 'partial compensation', 'first call', 'second call', 'Euronext Milan', 'Non-financial Information', 'Legislative Decree', 'significant rally', '2019 pre-Covid levels', 'current geopolitical', 'macroeconomic context', 'particular focus', 'sharp improvement', 'strong prevalence', 'positive impact', 'non-EU countries', 'Total flights', 'load factor', 'share capital', 'same date', 'construction services', 'compensation fund', 'same reasons', 'positive figure', 'car parks', 'Total costs', 'service costs', 'personnel costs', 'other revenues', 'Aviation revenues', '2019 pre-Covid year', 'lower investments', 'positive EBITDA', 'overall investments', 'traffic recovery', '2021 comparison data', 'airports', '2022 data', '2021 data', 'Board', 'Directors', 'December', 'damages', 'April', 'gap', 'spite', 'uncertainties', '+137.0% increase', 'easing', 'operations', 'IFRS', 'sale', 'detail', 'Non-Aviationrevenues', 'contribution', 'PBT', 'assets', 'design', '68']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20629,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BE-SEMICONDUCTOR-INDUSTRI-6318/news/BE-Semiconductor-Industries-N-Agenda-AGM-April-26-2023-in-English-43253314/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,BE Semiconductor Industries N : Agenda AGM  April 26  2023 - in English,(marketscreener.com)   Agenda   for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. to be held on Wednesday April 26  2023 at 10.30 a.m. at the offices of the Company  Ratio 6  Duiven  the Netherlands   1. Opening   F…,"Agenda for the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (""AGM"") of BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (""Besi"" or the ""Company"") to be held on Wednesday April 26  2023 at 10.30 a.m. at the offices of the Company  Ratio 6  Duiven  the Netherlands 1. Opening Financial year 2022 Consideration of the Annual Report 2022 (discussion) Consideration and adoption of the annual accounts 2022 (vote) Dividend Reservation and dividend policy (discussion) Declaration of dividend (vote) Discharge Discharge of the member of the Board of Management for his responsibilities (vote) Discharge of the Supervisory Board members for their responsibilities (vote) Remuneration Advisory vote on the Remuneration Report 2022 (advisory vote) Remuneration Policy 2024 (vote) Composition Supervisory Board 8. Appointment of Mr Richard Norbruis as Supervisory Board member (vote) Authorizations Authorization of the Board of Management to (i) issue ordinary shares and grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares and to (ii) exclude or restrict pre-emptive rights in relation to ordinary shares and rights to subscribe for ordinary shares (vote) Authorization of the Board of Management to acquire ordinary shares (vote) Reduction of the Company's issued share capital by cancellation of ordinary shares (vote) Other Amendments to the Company's articles of association (vote) Any other business ClosingExplanatory Notes to the agenda for Besi's AGM to be held on April 26  2023. Agenda item 2 - Consideration of the Annual Report 2022 The Board of Management will discuss the key highlights of the Annual Report 2022. The Annual Report 2022 is available on the Company's website: www.besi.comor for inspection at the Company's offices  Ratio 6  6921 RW Duiven  the Netherlands  tel. (+31) 26 3194500  email: info@besi.com  and via ABN AMRO Bank N.V. by email: ava@nl.abnamro.com. Upon request  it will be distributed free of charge to the Company's shareholders and others who are entitled to attend the AGM. Agenda item 3 - Consideration and adoption of the annual accounts 2022 Ernst & Young Accountants LLP has issued an unqualified auditors' opinion on the annual accounts 2022 as included in the Annual Report 2022. The Supervisory Board and the Board of Management recommend that the General Meeting of Shareholders adopts the annual accounts 2022. Agenda item 4 - Dividend a. Reservation and dividend policy In accordance with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code  the Board of Management will explain the Company's reservation and dividend policy. The Board of Management will consider the payment of dividends on an annual basis based upon (i) a review of Besi's annual and prospective financial performance  business prospects  liquidity and financing needs  the prevailing market outlook and its strategy  market position and acquisition strategy  and/or (ii) a dividend payout ratio in the range of 40-100% relative to net income to be adjusted if the factors referred to under (i) so require. b. Declaration of dividend In view of Besi's earnings and cash flow generation in 2022  its net cash position and market outlook  it is proposed to distribute an amount equal to 93% of Besi's net income as a dividend for the year ended December 31  2022. As such  the Board of Management proposes  with the approval of the Supervisory Board  to distribute a cash dividend equal to € 2.85 per ordinary share. Payment of the dividend will take place as from May 4  2023. In case the above dividend proposal is adopted  the ordinary shares will be traded ex-dividend per April 28  2023  and the dividend record date will be May 2  2023. Agenda item 5 - Discharge a. Discharge of the member of the Board of Management for his responsibilities It is proposed to grant discharge to the member of the Board of Management for the performance of his management activities during 2022. This discharge only covers matters that are apparent from the Annual Report 2022 or that have otherwise publicly been disclosed. b. Discharge of the Supervisory Board members for their responsibilities It is proposed to grant discharge to each of the Supervisory Board members for the performance of his/her supervisory activities during 2022. This discharge only covers matters that are apparent from the Annual Report 2022 or that have otherwise publicly been disclosed. 2Agenda item 6 - Advisory vote on the Remuneration Report 2022 The Remuneration Report 2022 is included in the Annual Report 2022 on pages 105 through 128  included as Annex 1 to this agenda and available on the Company's website: www.besi.com. It has been prepared in line with the applicable Dutch legislation implementing the revised EU Shareholders Rights Directive. In accordance with this legislation  the Remuneration Report 2022 will be discussed and put forward to the General Meeting of Shareholders for an advisory vote. Agenda item 7 - Remuneration Policy 2024 It is proposed to amend the Remuneration Policy due to the expiry of the current Remuneration Policy 2020-2023 that is applicable until the end of 2023. The proposed Remuneration Policy is intended to be applicable for a period of four years  being the financial years 2024 up to and including 2027 for the Board of Management and Supervisory Board. The rationale behind this proposal  as well as the proposed Remuneration Policy 2024  is set out in the Annex 2 to these explanatory notes and is also available on the Company's website: www.besi.com. Agenda item 8 - Appointment of Mr Richard Norbruis as Supervisory Board member The Supervisory Board proposes to appoint Mr Richard Norbruis as a Supervisory Board member for a four-year term. Mr Norbruis (66) has an extensive background in international corporate law with approximately 40 years of experience in corporate finance  mergers and acquisitions and restructurings. He serves as a partner at Norbruis Clement Advocaten in Amsterdam  the Netherlands since 2019. Between 2014-2018  he was a partner and member of the global leadership team at EY Law (Amsterdam and New York offices). Prior thereto  he was a partner at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer (Amsterdam office) and a member of Freshfields' global leadership team between 2011-2014. Before joining Freshfields in 1999  he was a partner at NautaDutilh (Amsterdam and New York offices). Mr Norbruis currently serves as Chairman of Stichting Administratiekantoor van gewone aandelen A Van Lanschot Kempen. In line with the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and in view of the desired profile of the Supervisory Board  the Supervisory Board recommends appointing Mr Norbruis on the basis of his extensive legal and international practice experience. If appointed  the Supervisory Board intends to designate Mr Norbruis as Chair of the Supervisory Board. Mr Norbruis is considered independent for the purposes of the Dutch Corporate Governance Code and does not own any shares in the Company's share capital. The information with respect to the appointment of the Supervisory Board members required to be submitted under Section 2:142(3) of the Dutch Civil Code is available on the Company's website: www.besi.com. It is also available for inspection at the Company's offices  Ratio 6  6921 RW Duiven  the Netherlands  tel. (+31) 26 3194500  email: info@besi.com  and via ABN AMRO Bank N.V. by email: ava@nl.abnamro.com. Upon request  it will be distributed free of charge to the Company's shareholders and others who are entitled to attend the AGM. Agenda item 9 - Authorization of the Board of Management to (i) issue ordinary shares and grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares and to (ii) exclude or restrict pre-emptive rights in relation to ordinary shares and rights to subscribe for ordinary shares It is proposed to renew the authorization of the Board of Management currently granted until October 29  2023 enabling the Board of Management  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board  to resolve on: 3the issuance of ordinary shares and the granting of rights to subscribe for ordinary shares up to a maximum of 10% of the Company's issued share capital at the date of the authorization  being April 26  2023  and the exclusion or restriction of the pre-emptive rights in relation to ordinary shares and rights to subscribe for ordinary shares in accordance with the maximum as described above. It is proposed that the new authorization be valid for the period from April 26  2023 until October 26  2024. The purpose of this proposal is to allow the Board of Management to finance the Company as efficiently as possible. Upon approval  the current authorization will no longer be utilized. Agenda item 10 - Authorization of the Board of Management to acquire ordinary shares It is proposed to renew the authorization of the Board of Management  with the approval of the Supervisory Board  to cause the Company to acquire  other than for no consideration  ordinary shares up to a maximum number of ordinary shares representing 10% of the issued share capital of the Company at the date of authorization  being April 26  2023  and otherwise within the limits set out in Dutch law and the articles of association in effect at that time. Such acquisition may be effected by any agreement  including private transactions and transactions effected through a stock exchange. The price shall range between an amount equal to the nominal value of the ordinary shares and an amount equal to 110% of the share price. The share price shall be understood to mean the average of the highest quoted price for each ordinary share during the five trading days prior to the date of acquisition as published in the Daily Official List of Euronext Amsterdam. This new authorization shall be valid for a period of 18 months commencing on April 26  2023 and ending on October 26  2024. The authorization  among other things  enables the Board of Management to execute share repurchase programs in an efficient manner  including for capital reduction purposes. Upon approval  the current authorization will no longer be utilized. Agenda item 11 - Reduction of the Company's issued share capital by cancellation of ordinary shares The Board of Management proposes to the General Meeting of Shareholders  with the approval of the Supervisory Board  to reduce the Company's issued share capital by cancellation of ordinary shares held by the Company. The number of ordinary shares that may be cancelled (whether or not in a tranche) will be determined by the Board of Management at its discretion but may not exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 26  2023. The cancellation may be made in one or more tranches and at such dates and times as determined by the Board of Management at its discretion. Any reduction of the Company's issued share capital by cancellation of ordinary shares shall take place with due observance of the applicable provisions of Dutch law and the articles of association in effect at such time. The purpose of the cancellation of ordinary shares is to optimize the capital structure of the Company. Agenda item 12 - Amendments to the Company's articles of association In view of the relocation of the operational headquarters of the Company from the Netherlands to Switzerland it is proposed to include in the articles of association of the Company that those operational headquarters are based in Switzerland. The Company's statutory seat remains in the Netherlands. The literal proposal is available on the Company's website: www.besi.com. It is also available for inspection at the Company's offices  Ratio 6  6921 RW Duiven  the Netherlands  tel. (+31) 26 3194500  email: info@besi.com  and via ABN AMRO Bank N.V. by email: ava@nl.abnamro.com. Upon request  it will be distributed free of charge to the Company's shareholders and others who are entitled to attend the AGM. The proposal includes the authorization of each practice support lawyer and (deputy or assigned) civil law notary at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP  Amsterdam office  to execute the deed of amendment of the articles of association and to subsequently make the required filings. 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N', 'Agenda AGM', 'April', 'English', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'EU Shareholders Rights Directive', 'Mr Richard Norbruis', 'Young Accountants LLP', ""unqualified auditors' opinion"", 'cash flow generation', 'applicable Dutch legislation', 'other business Closing', 'prevailing market outlook', 'Supervisory Board members', 'Composition Supervisory Board', 'net cash position', 'prospective financial performance', 'current Remuneration Policy', 'The Supervisory Board', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual Report', 'Remuneration Advisory vote', 'market position', 'supervisory activities', 'Other Amendments', 'business prospects', 'cash dividend', 'net income', 'Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', 'annual basis', 'Financial year', 'ordinary shares', 'pre-emptive rights', 'share capital', 'Explanatory Notes', 'key highlights', 'financing needs', 'record date', 'dividend proposal', 'dividend policy', 'Agenda item', '6921 RW Duiven', 'acquisition strategy', 'payout ratio', 'Dividend Reservation', 'management activities', 'AGM', 'Besi', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'April', '10.30 a', 'offices', 'Netherlands', 'Consideration', 'discussion', 'adoption', 'Declaration', 'Discharge', 'Appointment', 'Authorizations', 'relation', 'Reduction', 'cancellation', 'articles', 'association', 'website', 'inspection', 'email', 'abnamro', 'request', 'others', 'Ernst', 'accordance', 'payment', 'dividends', 'review', 'liquidity', 'range', 'factors', 'earnings', 'amount', 'equal', 'December', 'approval', 'place', 'May', 'case', 'matters', 'pages', 'Annex', 'line', 'expiry', '2022']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-report-promoting-a-sustainable-future-for-chinas-travel-industry-301772739.html,New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry,Trip.com Group  together with Accor and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendations SHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider…,"Trip.com Group  together with Accor and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  in partnership with Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  and global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company  today published a new educational whitepaper that examines the environmental impact of China's tourism sector  analyses Chinese travelers' sentiment towards sustainability and ultimately sets out actions key stakeholders in China's tourism sector need to take to foster sustainable travel. The pioneering survey identifies a series of sustainable changes that ought to be made  from the everyday to the systemic  which can support the travel and hospitality of tomorrow with the intention of becoming an informative industry reference tool for change. The report  entitled ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China""  proposes that by adopting a set of collaborative measures across the industry value chain  from guests to major global providers  China's tourism sector could move toward a more sustainable future.(From left to right: Mr. Jean-Jacques Morin  Group Deputy CEO  Group CFO and Premium  Midscale & Economy Division CEO  Accor; Mr. Sébastien Bazin  Chairman and CEO of Accor; Mr. Gary Rosen  CEO  Accor Greater China; Ray Chen  SVP of Trip.com Group  CEO of Accommodation Business Group; Ms. Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group; Mr. Li Binghua  Division Director  Market Management Office  Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Culture and Tourism; Mr. Jonathan Woetzel  Director of McKinsey Global Institute  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company; Mr. Steve Saxon  Partner of McKinsey & Company)The world is facing an unprecedented sustainability challenge and the Chinese tourism industry has a significant role in the required transformation of hospitality. According to the World Travel and Tourism Council  China is expected to have the world's largest tourism market by 2032 and  prior to the pandemic  was already one of the biggest global markets. Analysis for the whitepaper found the environmental impact of China's travel industry is substantial: tourism represented approximately 6-8% of China's total carbon emissions in 2019.Data from McKinsey found that Chinese travelers are engaged about their environmental impact and are starting to seek out sustainable alternatives  but the report found they may need more help understanding where to look. Trip.com Group found that 85% of Chinese travelers rate travel sustainability as important or very important  while 60% are concerned about climate change. However  the paper found  at the same time  that Chinese consumers are not yet used to the idea of paying extra for sustainable travel. As such  it is important to provide travelers guidance regarding sustainability costs  highlighting the industries' efforts to improve provision of sustainable offerings. This will increase willingness to pay by showing the burden to be shared and that price rises will only be short-term.In response to this  the report provides guidance on the actions that travelers can take to travel sustainably and to empower their own consumer decisions  including booking sustainable travel options with certified service providers  spending more time in one destination  and cultivating sustainable habits such as changing towels or bed linen less frequently and refusing to use single-use plastics in guest experience. Traveler behavior is just the first consideration the report highlights. Long-term sustainability will be achieved in tandem with initiatives from tourism providers  who hold a responsibility to inspire travelers' mindset.The whitepaper sets out a series of suggestions for the hospitality industry to support the Chinese traveler in their understanding of sustainable travel  inspire behavioural change and ultimately support the sector's journey towards a net positive model  one which gives more than it takes. Such recommendations include using technology platforms to make sustainable travel options more visible online  using labelling to ensure travelers are informed on the environmental impact of their actions  providing incentives to encourage sustainable behavior  and training employees to adopt a sustainability mindset.While greater traveler awareness and willingness to choose sustainable options combined with tourism providers' individual adoption of more sustainable practices can help China's travel sector realize ""quick-wins"" in sustainable impact  lasting sustainability improvements require collective industry-wide effort. The report concludes as a call to action for the hospitality industry to work together hand in hand to achieve sustainable transformation in China. This collaborative project is a starting point for this collective mindset  as a resource which can be used by guests and industry players alike in a united effort for positive change.At a press conference held at the iconic Fairmont Peace hotel in Shanghai  to launch the report  top executives from Accor  Trip.com Group  and McKinsey & Company shared their perspectives on sustainable travel in China.Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO Accor  said: ""People and sustainability are at the heart of everything we do. When it comes to sustainability there are no individuals  only collectives  and this paper represents a major step-forward for this collaborative industry approach. Impactful change cannot be made alone; transformation happens together. Traveling across China and around the world responsibly can connect people and Accor is proud to lead this collective journey  supporting local communities  protecting biodiversity  as well as sharing and engaging in more sustainable habits. Sustainability is crucial and we have been so pleased to work with our strategic partner Trip.com Group and trusted advisor and counselor McKinsey on this meaningful sustainability-focused White Paper to continue to drive positive change for our guests  talents and partners.""Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group  said: ""We are thrilled to be leading the charge for sustainable travel and promoting responsible tourism practices in the industry. Our commitment to harmonious coexistence between people and nature has driven us to implement green and environmental protection practices  such as our 'Green Tourism Goals'  which has already reached millions of global tourists. By collaborating with strategic partners  including Accor and McKinsey & Company  we aim to integrate the social and commercial value of green and environmental protection  creating new business growth opportunities for partners. Our goal is to pave the way for a more sustainable and responsible travel industry.""Jonathan Woetzel  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company and Director of McKinsey Global Institute  said: ""The Chinese tourism industry is large enough to take the lead in advancing the sustainability agenda. As travelers resume their adventures  each step of their journey presents opportunities to make choices and take concrete actions that could immediately reduce their environmental footprint. But the burden is not on the traveler alone. Long-term change calls for collaboration between actors across the entire travel industry  from hotels and travel agencies to green investors and technology suppliers.""Download ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China"" – joint research in travel sustainability in China HERE.About Trip.com GroupTrip.com Group is a leading global travel service provider comprising of Trip.com  Ctrip  Skyscanner  and Qunar. Across its platforms  Trip.com Group helps travellers around the world make informed and cost-effective bookings for travel products and services and enables partners to connect their offerings with users through the aggregation of comprehensive travel-related content and resources  and an advanced transaction platform consisting of apps  websites and 24/7 customer service centers. Founded in 1999 and listed on NASDAQ in 2003 and HKEX in 2021  Trip.com Group has become one of the best-known travel groups in the world  with the mission ""to pursue the perfect trip for a better world"". Find out more about Trip.com Group here: https://group.trip.com/About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .Accor  towards net positive hospitalityAccor was the first hospitality Group to set an ambitious science-based emissions reduction target: -46% absolute emissions by 2030 compared to the 2019 base year  validated by the SBTi; with an ultimate goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050. To date  84% of hotels in the Accor network have also successfully removed 46 types of single use plastics in their guest experience and 97% of employees at a HQ level have completed the ""School for Change"" training to embed an ESG approach in every aspect of Accor business strategy and operations.About McKinsey & CompanyMcKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations realize sustainable  inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive change for all their stakeholders. We combine bold strategies and transformative technologies to help organizations innovate more sustainably  achieve lasting gains in performance  and build workforces that will thrive for this generation and the next.Today we have more than 1 400 partners  consultants  and professional support staff located across six locations in China: Beijing  Chengdu  Hong Kong  Shanghai  Shenzhen  and Taipei. Learn more about McKinsey Greater China at www.mckinsey.com/cnSOURCE Trip.com Group",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['New Report', 'Sustainable Future', 'Travel Industry', 'China', 'leading global travel service provider', 'iconic Fairmont Peace hotel', 'Mr. Sébastien Bazin', 'global management consulting firm', 'informative industry reference tool', 'certified service providers', 'biggest global markets', 'Market Management Office', 'major global providers', 'Mr. Jean-Jacques Morin', 'Mr. Gary Rosen', 'Mr. Li Binghua', 'Mr. Jonathan Woetzel', 'Mr. Steve Saxon', 'Ms. Jane Sun', 'total carbon emissions', 'Trip.com Group', 'Accommodation Business Group', 'net positive model', 'industry value chain', 'greater traveler awareness', 'unprecedented sustainability challenge', 'lasting sustainability improvements', 'largest tourism market', 'collective industry-wide effort', 'McKinsey Global Institute', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'Shanghai Municipal Bureau', 'Group Deputy CEO', 'new educational whitepaper', ""Chinese travelers' sentiment"", 'Economy Division CEO', 'sustainable travel options', 'Chinese tourism industry', 'Accor Greater China', 'Group CFO', 'sustainable options', 'travel industry', 'tourism providers', 'collective mindset', 'united effort', 'travel sustainability', 'industry players', 'Chinese consumers', 'Traveler behavior', 'eco-friendly travel', 'positive change', 'hospitality industry', 'sustainability costs', 'Long-term sustainability', 'sustainability mindset', 'sustainable changes', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable alternatives', 'sustainable offerings', 'sustainable habits', 'sustainable behavior', 'sustainable practices', 'sustainable impact', 'sustainable transformation', 'travel sector', 'consumer recommendations', 'environmental impact', 'key stakeholders', 'pioneering survey', 'collaborative measures', 'Ray Chen', 'Division Director', 'significant role', 'required transformation', 'Tourism Council', ""industries' efforts"", 'price rises', 'consumer decisions', 'one destination', 'bed linen', 'single-use plastics', 'guest experience', 'first consideration', 'Such recommendations', 'technology platforms', 'individual adoption', 'collaborative project', 'starting point', 'press conference', ""travelers' mindset"", 'tourism sector', 'climate change', 'behavioural change', 'World Travel', 'Senior Partner', 'same time', 'travelers guidance', 'series', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'Company', 'actions', 'everyday', 'systemic', 'tomorrow', 'intention', 'report', 'path', 'guests', 'Premium', 'Midscale', 'Chairman', 'SVP', 'Culture', 'pandemic', 'Analysis', 'Data', 'help', 'idea', 'provision', 'willingness', 'burden', 'response', 'towels', 'tandem', 'initiatives', 'responsibility', 'suggestions', 'understanding', 'journey', 'labelling', 'incentives', 'employees', 'quick-wins', 'call', 'hand', 'resource']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CABKA-N-V-115395161/news/2022-proving-Cabka-s-sound-fundamentals-43246386/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,2022: proving Cabka's sound fundamentals,(marketscreener.com) Record sales of € 208.9 million Operational EBITDA € 22.5 million Net Income from operations € 1.5 million Proposed distribution of € 0.15 per share Confirm mid-term guidance1 Amsterdam 15 March 2023. Cabka N.V.   a company specialized in…,2022: proving Cabka's sound fundamentals 03/15/2023 | 02:31am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Record sales of € 208.9 million (2021: € 170.0 million)Operational EBITDA € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million)Net Income from operations € 1.5 million (2021: € 3.4 million)Proposed distribution of € 0.15 per shareConfirm mid-term guidance1 Amsterdam 15 March 2023. Cabka N.V. (together with its subsidiaries “Cabka”  or the “Company”)  a company specialized in transforming hard to recycle plastic waste into innovative Reusable Transport Packaging (RTP)  listed at Euronext Amsterdam  announces its preliminary non-audited 2022 full year results. Cabka CEO Tim Litjens  commented:“In 2022 we continued our growth strategy  recording 23% topline growth. Whilst navigating economic and environmental challenges we demonstrated our intrinsic value-add and pricing power. We secured several major contracts in Customized Solutions  and expanded our customer base in Portfolio  providing a solid base for continued growth in both the European and US markets. Our outperformance in circularity  with over 85% of our products from recycled plastics  attract blue chip customers opting for our solutions helping them to meet their sustainability targets. Shortly after listing the company in March  geopolitical tensions and volatility in energy and material markets lead to extraordinary inflation levels. With some delay effect  this has been successfully mitigated through various rounds of price increases. In Reusable Transport Packaging business  we focused on improving overall efficiencies and prepared for further capacity expansion. In the ECO business  we successfully consolidated our asset base  providing improved economies of scale and capacity expansion for 2023. In the US  we responded with great agility to the flooding of our St. Louis site. Business was successfully secured by rapid outsourcing  contributing to the 30% US growth. Operations have recommenced  with the goal to be fully operational by the end of the second quarter 2023. We continued to strengthen our organization by extending our innovation center  developing our ESG value proposition and adding valuable experience to our management team. Looking ahead  we are confident to reiterate our mid-term guidance. Barring unforeseen circumstances  for 2023 we expect to deliver on high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.”Financial Highlights Record sales of € 208.9 million representing a 23% Year-on-Year (YoY) top-level growth based on organic growth (8%) as well as pricing effect (15%) covering the rapidly rising costs for energy and materials  reflecting strong market positionGross profit 6% higher at € 92.6 million (2021: € 87.1 million)  gross margin at 44%. Without dilution effect of higher pricing and costs  margins would be comparable to last year (2021: 51%)Resilient operational EBITDA at € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million); Operational EBITDA margin lower at 11%; Margin protected by price increases minus lagging effectNet Income from operations € 1.5 million (2021: € 3.4 million) or € 0.06 per share. Non-operational items totaling at € 35.5 million  mainly due to non-cash IPO listing expenses  leading to a Net Result of € -34.0 millionNet Working Capital at € 33.7 million or 16% of sales (2021: € 27.3 million  respectively 16%)Net debt € 44.6 million (2021: € 62.5 million)  29% lower mainly from proceeds of the listingTotal CAPEX of € 26.6 million in 2022 including maintenance & replacement investments of € 7.4 million  3.5% of sales Strategic & Market Highlights Cabka N.V. listed on 1 March 2022 after 100% shareholders’ support for a business combination of Cabka Group GmbH and Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V. bringing in € 108.5 million of which € 63.3 million to buy out minority shareholders and € 45.2 million in new capital 2Two-tier Board installed; management strengthened at executive levelTwo significant multi-year customized solutions contracts announced with blue chip clients with total expected annualized sales of over 10% of 2022 sales. The first with US retailer Target was signed in May and the other with European pooler CHEP in SeptemberRecycled material used in products above 85% of total compared to a European average 3 of 14%of 14% Restructuring of Eco business completed  leading to closure of Genthin site and consolidation of production capacity in Weira (Germany) overall raising production efficiency  albeit at temporary output reductionCabka North America’s plant in St. Louis (MO) forced shut down  due to exceptional flash floods on July 27 th . In a swift response Cabka was able to secure sales to Cabka’s main customers  albeit at additional material & tolling costs. In a swift response Cabka was able to secure sales to Cabka’s main customers  albeit at additional material & tolling costs Cabka gained full ownership of its US subsidiary Cabka North America Inc. by acquiring the remaining 7.71% shares on March 22nd  2022Preliminary unaudited operational income 2022 Condensed operational income statement4 in €m 2022 2021 Change Sales 208.9 170.0 23% Other operating income items 11.9 6.6 80% Total Operating Income 220.8 176.6 25% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services -128.2 -89.5 43% Gross Profit 92.6 87.1 6% Operating expenses -70.0 -58.1 21% Operational EBITDA 22.5 29.0 -22% Depreciation -18.0 -19.7 -9% EBIT /Operating Income 4.5 9.3 -52% Financial results -2.4 -2.1 13% Earnings before taxes 2.2 7.2 -70% Taxes -0.7 -3.8 -82% Net income from operations 1.5 3.4 -56%DistributionProposed distribution of € 0.15 per ordinary share  subject to AGM approval: €0.05 in cash and €0.10 in shares OutlookBased on Cabka’s strong fundamentals we reiterate our mid-term guidance. Barring unforeseen circumstances  for 2023 we expect to deliver on high-single digit sales growth  with a recovery of EBITDA margin towards 13-15%.BUSINESS OVERVIEW 2022 Commercial performanceCabka realized record sales in 2022 of € 208.9 million a 23% increase compared to 2021  of which 8% from organic growth. Growth was especially strong in RTP. Cabka RTP performed strong in Europe with 24% growth to € 121.4 million. Customized Solutions in Europe grew with 53% to € 33.1 million  especially in the Pooling and Automotive sector. Cabka introduced several environmentally friendly solutions via its containers and pallets primarily made from recycled plastics  increasing reusability  and reducing transportation impact. Leading brands in the Automotive industry like BMW  Tesla and Continental opted for our solutions in 2022. CHEP a key player in the European pooling industry signed a new multi-year contract for reusable foldable containers out of recycled materials in September. Production is expected to start by half 2023  contributing approximately € 9 million in revenues on an annual basis. The Cabka business in North America grew 30% to € 34.9 million. TARGET was an important new contract for RTP The multi-year contract was announced in May. The flooding of the St. Louis plant in July resulted in some temporarily delays in growth for 2022. ECO products remained stable over the year with a total revenue of € 22.8 million  The relocation of all ECO activities from Genthin to Weira in East Germany was completed according to plan. The temporary shutdown of production to facilitate the move  reduced the intake of mixed plastics and hence performance of the ECO business in 2022  which was compensated by favorable pricing effects.ESGCabka is the circularity leader in the RTP industry. In 2022 over 85% of our products was made from recycled materials  100% was reusable with take-back clauses for recycling and supporting the collection of additional plastics for recycling. The average for Europe was in 2021 still at 14% recycled plastics targeting to get to 33% by 2030.5 On top of our focus on the recycling of plastics  we increasingly look on how we recycle plastics and make the entire process more sustainable. Cabka has put extra efforts in changing to more sustainable energy supply for its production in order to reduce its carbon footprint. In addition  Cabka significantly reduces carbon emissions by recycling plastic waste that otherwise would have been incinerated. As of 2022 we established a new governance structure for ESG and will publish our first ESG report integrated in the 2022 Annual Report due April 25th 2023. With external support  Cabka conducted a double materiality assessment leading to the establishment of base ambition levels that were agreed upon with the full management team.PricingThe war in Ukraine  started on February 24th  had a severe impact on social and economic developments as well as financial markets leading to unprecedented volatility in prices for energy and materials. Cabka showed the strength of its competitive position by leading the industry in pricing as it was able to implement several price increases to compensate for higher input costs. That said  the steep rise over a short period did have bottom line impact  as higher costs were passed to the market with some unavoidable delay. In order to be able to react more dynamically to volatile conditions in the energy and material market  an indexed pricing adjustment mechanism is in place. Cabka’s focus remains on profitable organic sales growth.EBITDAOperational EBITDA came in at € 22.5 million (2021: € 29.0 million). The decrease in operational EBITDA reflects the high increase in especially energy and material prices throughout the year. From the decrease in operational EBITDA-margin circa 2.5% margin loss was due to the lagging effect of mitigating price increases  the remainder from dilution as the cost base increased. Additionally  operating expenses were up 20% versus 2021 driven by growth  inflationary adjustments  post-Covid ramp-up  and organizational requirements as a listed company.St. Louis flooding6As a result of the floods in the greater St. Louis area on July 27th  Cabka’s North America plant in Hazelwood (MO) had to be shut down. In a swift response to the flooding  Cabka was able to quickly recover essential injection molding tools to continue supplying key customers using alternative production capacities. The swift response secured sales to its main customers. However  it resulted indirectly in € 3.3 million higher costs as production had to be moved to tollers and internally recycled materials could not be used. As production on site is gradually picking up  these effects should be fully reversed by mid-2023. Over the past months  Cabka has worked on cleaning and restoring the St. Louis facilities. Production is ramping up and expected to be fully operational by the end of the second quarter of 2023. Based on this timeline  an assessment of the impact of the flooding can now be made. The expenses for cleaning and repairs amounted to USD 4.0 million (€ 3.7 million) in 2022 and were fully covered by the flood insurance policy of Cabka. Cabka further established that due to the flood a part of its inventory was irretrievably destroyed leading to an extraordinary write-off of USD 1.8 million (€ 1.7 million). The flooding is considered a ‘triggering event’ under IFRS7  therefore leading to an impairment and derecognition. Cabka recognizes an impairment and derecognition on assets of USD 4.3 million (€ 4.1 million). Prior to the flooding  Cabka had already placed orders for new machines to support its growth ambitions in the US market. With this coming to the ground  in combination with increased efficiencies  the capacity in the US is expected to be sufficient  and thus it will not seek to replace the impaired machines. Insurance payments received in 2022 led to a positive cash flow impact of USD 2.3 million(€ 2.2 million). Repairs and starting up work will continue into the first half year of 2023. Cabka expects the total positive cash flow from the insurance in 2022 and 2023 – once all positions are recognized – will be sufficient to cover the total flood related out-of-pocket expenses. As part of the insurance claim has already been recognized in 2022  this could have negative impact on 2023 cash flow and recognized IFRS expenses. St. Louis flooding direct impact in € m2022 P&L Remarks Insurance payments received 5.9 Out of pocket expenses cleaning repair -3.7 Total cash inflow 2.2 Write off  impairment and derecognition -5.8 As required by IFRS accounting  no replacements required Total non-cash impact -5.8 Non-operational8 direct impact -3.6 Of which € 5.8m non-cashListingCabka N.V. was listed via a business combination of Cabka Group GmbH with Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V. (DSC2) on March 1st  2022. In total Cabka spent in 2022 € 2.9 million in IPO related transaction costs. To realize the business combination DSC2 paid a total cash consideration of € 108.5 million9.€ 63.3 million was used to buy out Cabka minority shareholders and Cabka received the remaining € 45.2 million in new capital. However  under IFRS the following accounting steps need to be taken: First  the cash consideration of € 108.5m is corrected for the financial liabilities of DSC2 for the outstanding Warrants and Special Shares 10 . This results in a € 6.0 million liability deducted from the paid cash bringing the net cash consideration receivable by Cabka to€ 102.4 million.. This results in a € 6.0 million liability deducted from the paid cash bringing the net cash consideration receivable by Cabka to € 102.4 million. Second  IFRS considers not the cash payment  but the market value of all 12.9 million shares received by DSC2 shareholders  including the conversion of the € 11 warrants and Special Shares immediately after listing  as the consideration paid by Cabka. This results in a valuation of the consideration paid for Cabka of € 129.2 million.Third  IFRS considers the difference between the € 129.2 million value ‘paid by Cabka’ to the DSC2 shareholders and the net assets received by Cabka from DSC2 of € 102.4 million to represent the value of the ‘service’ of providing Cabka with a listing via the business combination with DSC2. In a ‘regular acquisition’ this would have been capitalized as goodwill. However  as the only asset on the DSC2 balance sheet was cash  under IFRS  DSC2 does not qualify as a business. Hence no goodwill is recognized or can be capitalized  and the total difference of € 26.8 million should be qualified as a listing expense in the 2022 P&L  which is recorded directly into equity.The cash in equity received remains € 45.2 million and there is zero Equity impact and zero Cash Flow impact resulting from these listing expenses Listing Impact 2022 P&L Balance Cash in € million Sheet Flow Net cash received from listing - 45.2 45.2 Listing expenses -26.8 - - IPO related transaction costs -1.3 -2.9 -2.9 Warrant & Special Shares liability at listing - -6.0 - Special Shares liability fair value change at Year End11 1.6 -1.6 -Triggered by the IPO Cabka spent in total € 3.4 million in staff related costs in 2022: € 0.6 million in bonuses for all staff  € 1.6m in settling the VSOP management share plan  € 1.0 million in tax charges linked to the VSOP and € 0.2 million on marketing and IT. All these staff related costs are considered non-operational and hence not included in the operational results.Cash flows and cash positionNet Working Capital at Year-End was € 33.7 million or 16% of sales  in line with 2021 and beating mid-term guidance. Higher inventory value of €10.6 million was predominantly caused by increased cost of goods and higher safety stocks. The movement in trade receivables and trade payables were aligned. Cash flows from operating activities came in at € 0.5 million. This comprises of an inflow of€ 18.8 million from operational activities minus € 2.9 million outflow for IPO related costs  and€ 2.4 million for other costs triggered by the IPO. Net Working Capital increased with € 6.4 million (including prepayments on molds on behalf of customers amounted to € 4.2 million) and decreased with € 6.6 million in other liabilities. Cash flows from investing activities totaling € 27.1 million of which € 26.7 was related to capital investments and € 1.9 million to buy out minority shareholders of Cabka North America. Disposing of certain assets contributed € 1.5 million. Cash flows from financing activities totaled €37.7 million. Net proceeds from the IPO -before costs- amounted to € 45.2 million. Repayment of banking debt facilities including interest and exchange rate changes totaled € 12.0 million  whilst lease facilities increased by € 4.5 million.CAPEXTotal CAPEX for 2022 came at € 26.6 million including maintenance & replacement investments of € 7.4 million  or 3.5% of sales. The restructuring of the ECO business and concentration in Weira represented € 3.7 million in investments. In total € 10.1 million was invested in machines and new molds to support growth and EUR 1.6 million in process & automation. The buyout of minority shareholders of Cabka’s North America’s business required € 1.8 million.Share priceAt the beginning of 2022 Cabka shares were still listed under the name of Dutch Star Companies TWO and closed on December 31st  2021 at € 11.20. After business combination the name of the listed entity changed to Cabka N.V. on March 1st  2022 (closing price DSC2 at February 28th € 10.00) and the Cabka shares closed at € 6.12 at December 31st  2022. Cabka share capital per December 31st  2022Shares ISIN Ordinary Shares issued 23 982 191 CABKA / NL00150000S7 Ordinary Shares in treasury 16 388 000 DSC2S / NL00150002R5 Total Ordinary Shares 40 370 191 Special Shares 97 778 Total shares 40 467 969 The conversion option of the € 12 Special Shares is measured at fair value based on market share price and classified as financial liability. The value change of the Special Shares liability over 2022 amounted to € 1.6 million (positive).12Tax positionsDeferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable thattaxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Management’sassessment is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits. At the moment ofpublication of this preliminary unaudited financial results report  the assessment of current anddeferred tax positions have not been fully finalized and might be revised ahead of thepublication of the Annual Report 2022. Relevant events after December 31st  2022 Mr. Frank Roerink was appointed interim Chief Financial Officer as of 1 February 2023 afterMr. Necip Küpcü stepped down as CFO and will continue in a senior finance role within the company.Mr. Necip Küpcü stepped down as CFO and will continue in a senior finance role within the company. On March 15th  2023  following the lock up period  Cabka issued 385 020 Ordinary Shares from treasury to cover its obligations under the former ‘VSOP’ performance share program for key staff  resulting in a total of 24 367 211 Ordinary Shares issued per March 15th and 16 002 980 Ordinary Shares remaining in treasury. The remaining 7 500 VSOP rights have been voided.Financial Calendar 2023 25 April Publication Annual Report 2022 and Trading Update first quarter 20238 June Annual General Meeting13 June Capital Markets Day17 August Ex-Dividend* Date18 August Dividend* Record Date22 August Publication Half Year Results 202325 August Dividend* Payment Date19 October Trading Update Q3 202320 March 2024 Publication Preliminary Results 2023 * Reference to ‘dividend’ refers to proposed distribution For more information  please contact:David Brilleslijper  Investor & Press contactIR@cabka.com   or D.Brilleslijper@cabka.com  +316 109 42514www.investors.cabka.com Commercial contact: info@cabka.comwww.cabka.comAbout CabkaCabka is in the business of recycling plastics from post-consumer and post-industrial waste into innovative reusable transport packaging (RTP)  like pallets- and large container solutions enhancing logistics chain sustainability. ECO product are mainly construction and road safety products produced exclusively out of post-consumer waste. Cabka is leading the industry in its integrated approach closing the loop from waste  to recycling  to manufacturing. Backed by its own innovation center it has the rare industry knowledge  capability  and capacity of making maximum use bringing recycled plastics back in the production loop at attractive returns. Cabka is fully equipped to exploit the full value chain from waste to end-products. Cabka is listed at Euronext Amsterdam as of 1 March 2022 under the CABKA ticker with international securities identification number NL00150000S7. DisclaimerThe content of this press release may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ‘’forward-looking statements’’. These forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ‘’believes’’  ‘’estimates’’  ‘’plans’’  ‘’projects’’  ‘’anticipates’’  ‘’expects’’  ‘’intends’’  ‘’may’’  ‘’will’’ or ‘’should’’ or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company’s current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company’s business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  or strategies. Readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this press release. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law. This document contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on market abuse.FINANCIAL OVERVIEW APPENDIX Definitions of operational items by management Gross MarginGross Profit divided by RevenueGross Profit divided by Revenue Gross ProfitProfit as Revenue for the period plus changes in inventory and other operating income for the period  minus raw material costs  energy costs and purchased servicesProfit as Revenue for the period plus changes in inventory and other operating income for the period  minus raw material costs  energy costs and purchased services Maintenance and Replacement Capital ExpendituresThe expenses incurred by the company that are related to the maintenance and replacements of assets like plants  machinery and buildingsThe expenses incurred by the company that are related to the maintenance and replacements of assets like plants  machinery and buildings Maintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures as a percentage of revenue: Maintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures divided by RevenueMaintenance and Replacement Capital Expenditures divided by Revenue Net Working CapitalTrade accounts receivables plus inventories net of trade accounts payablesTrade accounts receivables plus inventories net of trade accounts payables Net Working Capital as percentage of revenueNet Working Capital divided by RevenueNet Working Capital divided by Revenue Non-operationalIndicates that this is not part of regular operational activities.Indicates that this is not part of regular operational activities. Operational EBITDANet Result reported for the period  adjusted for non-operational activities  before depreciation and amortization  interest expenses and income  taxes and share option plan accruals with figures being adjusted for non-recurring itemsCondensed bridge from operational to IFRS consolidated statement of profit and loss  2022 preliminary unaudited Condensed income statement bridge operational to IFRS13 in € million 2022 2021 Change Sales 208.9 170.0 23% Other operating income items 11.9 6.6 80% Total Operating Income 220.8 176.6 25% Expenses for materials  energy and purchased services -128.2 -89.5 43% Gross Profit 92.6 87.1 6% Operating expenses -70.0 -58.1 21% Operational EBITDA 22.5 29.0 -22% Depreciation  amortization and impairment of intangible and tangible fixed assets -18.0 -19.7 -9% EBIT /Operating Income 4.5 9.3 -51% Financial results -2.4 -2.1 13% Earnings before taxes 2.2 7.2 -70% Taxes -0.7 -3.8 -82% Net income from operations 1.5 3.4 -56% Non-operational items IPO listing expenses14 -26.8 IPO transaction related costs -1.3 -0 2 Bonuses and VSOP incl. tax charges -3.4 -3.8 Eco-restructuring -0.6 -0.6 St. Louis Flooding15 -6.9 Changes in fair value of Special Shares liability 1.6 Tax on non-operational items 1.9 1.3 Non-controlling interest0.1 0.3 Net result reported IFRS -34.0 0.4 Condensed consolidated statement of profit and loss 2022 preliminary unauditedCondensed statement of profit and loss in € million 2022 2021 Net turnover 208.9 170.0 Change in inventories of finished goods and work in progress 4.2 0.7 Other operating income items16 13.7 5.9 Total Operating income 226.8 176.6 Material expenses / expenses for purchased services -131.5 -89.5 Personnel expenses -40.4 -37.0 Depreciation  amortization and impairments of intangible and tangible fixed assets -18.0 -19.7 IPO listing expenses17 -26.8 - Other operating expenses -43.6 -25.7 Total Operating expenses 260.2 171.9 Interest income and similar income 1.6 0.0 Interest expenses and similar charges -2.4 -2.1 Financial Result -0.8 -2.1 Result before taxes -34.3 2.6 Income tax expense 0.2 -2.5 Net Result -34.1 0.1 Attributable to non-controlling interest -0.1 -0.3 Attributable to Owners of the Company -34.0 0.4Consolidated Balance Sheet 2022 preliminary unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheet in € million 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 ASSETS Non-current assets Other intangible assets 0.7 0.6 Property  plant and equipment 78.0 73.9 Long-term financial assets 0.1 0.1 Other long-term assets 0.1 0.0 Deferred taxes 3.9 1.9 82.7 76.5 Current Assets Inventories 41.4 30.8 Trade receivables 31.8 27.2 Short-term financial assets 0.0 0.2 Other short-term assets 10.4 6.5 Cash and cash equivalents 21.0 10.0 104.6 74.7 187.4 151.2 LIABILITIES Equity Share capital 0.4 3.4 Treasury shares -0.2 0.0 Capital reserve 75.3 13.0 Warrants reserve 11.0 0.0 Retained earnings -17.5 17.6 Foreign currency translation reserve -0.7 -0.4 Non-controlling interests 0.0 0.1 68.4 33.6 Non-current liabilities Long-term financial liabilities 38.5 45.2 Other long-term liabilities 0.0 0.1 Deferred taxes 1.8 1.7 40.3 47.0 Current liabilities Short-term financial liabilities 27.2 27.3 Provisions 0.7 1.0 Contract liabilities 5.9 2.2 Trade payables 35.2 30.7 Income tax liabilities 0.0 0.0 Other short-term liabilities 9.6 9.4 78.7 70.7 187.4 151.2V. Condensed consolidated statement of cash flow 2022 preliminary unauditedCash flows from operating activities came in at € 0.5 million. This comprises of an inflow of€ 18.8 million from operational activities minus € 2.9 million outflow for IPO related costs  and€ 2.4 million for other costs triggered by the IPO. Consolidated statement of cash flow in € million 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss / income for the period -34.0 0.1 Interest costs 2.4 1.9 Taxes 0.2 -1.5 Depreciation  amortization and impairments of intangible and tangible fixed assets 18.0 19.7 Cash flow -13.4 20.2 Increase (-) / decrease (+) of inventories  trade receivables and other assets -19.4 -15.5 Increase (+) / decrease (-) of trade payables and other liabilities 6.4 18.1 IPO costs charged to Equity -1.7 - Listing expenses (non-cash transaction) 26.8 - Other non-cash transactions 1.8 -0.9 Cash flow (used in)/from operating activities 0.5 21.9 Cash flow from investing activities Cash inflow from sale of property  plant and equipment 1.5 2.4 Cash outflow for investment in property  plant and equipment -26.3 -19.7 Cash inflow from intangible assets 0.0 0.0 Cash outflow for investments in intangible assets -0.4 -0.3 Cash inflowithoutflow from investments in fully consolidated companies -1.9 0.0 Net cash from/(used in) investing activities -27.1 -17.6 Cashflow from financing activities Proceeds form issue of share capital 108.5 - Cash outflow from buy out of Cabka minority shareholders -63.3 - Cash inflow (+) / outflow (-) for other financial liabilities -0.9 -0.9 Cash outflow for the repayment of liabilities to banks -9.3 -3.7 Cash inflow from receipt of liabilities to banks 4.5 2.9 Interest paid -1.8 -1.9 Net cash from/(used in) financing activities 37.7 -3.5 Changes in cash and cash equivalents 11.1 0.8 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 10.0 9.2 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 21.0 10.01 Mid-term guidance: High single digit revenue growth; >20% EBITDA margin; ~4% maintenance and replacement CAPEX and ~20% NWC as percentage of revenues; ~30-35% pay-out ratio of net profit (€ 0.15 for 2022FY) 2 Excluding IPO costs 3 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe 4 The condensed income statement provides underlying operational performance and is not an IFRS statement. The IFRS income statement is provided in the Appendix and includes items management qualified as non-operational. 5 Systemiq April 2022 report Reshaping plastics. Pathway to a circular climate neutral plastics system in Europe 6 All conversions from USD to € based on the 31 December 2022 exchange rate of € 0.94477 per USD 1.00 7 IAS 36 and IAS 16 8 The qualification non-operational is not an IFRS qualification. It is a management accounting term to indicate this is not part of regular operations. This amount excludes the indirect costs incurred from the use of external tollers. 9 After costs  negative interest  and warrant conversion 10 As assumed by Cabka for the Warrants at € 12 and € 13 and Special Shares at € 12 11 The Warrants are reclassified from liabilities to equity. Due to this reclassification  they are no longer to be remeasured each reporting date  but they do still carry value. 12 For full disclosure of potential dilution from outstanding warrants  special shares and (employee) performance shares see paragraph 17 of the Cabka Half Year Report published 17 August 2022. 13 The condensed income statement provides operational and non-operational result items for insight on underlying operational performance. The attached statements II to V provide integral IFRS statements without this distinction. 14 This represents a purely non-cash accounting-only loss with no impact on the IFRS Equity  Balance Sheet total  or Cash Flow. Please see page 5 under ‘listing’ for more details. 15 This includes both direct impact and indirect impact 16 Includes income from Insurance St. Louis flooding 17 This represents a purely non-cash accounting-only loss with no impact on the IFRS Equity  Balance Sheet total  or Cash Flow.Attachments 20230315_Cabka 2022FY preliminary results_PR20230315_Cabka FY2022 preliminary results_presentationAll news about CABKA N.V. 03/15 Cabka N : Preliminary Results 2022 PU 03/15 2022 : proving Cabka's sound fundamentals GL 03/15 Cabka N.V. Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI 03/15 Cabka N.V. Reiterates Earnings Guidance for the Year 2023 CI 03/15 Cabka N.V. Proposes Cash Distribution  Payable on August 25  2023 CI 03/02 Cabka N : DSC Executive Directors Holding B.V. - Cabka N.V. - Amsterdam PU 02/17 Cabka N : Half Year Report 2022 PU 01/26 Cabka CFO To Step Down In February; Interim Successor Appointed MT 01/26 Frank Roerink appointed as interim Chief Financial Officer of Cabka GL 01/26 Frank Roerink appointed as interim Chief Financial Officer of Cabka GLFinancials EUR USD Sales 2022 208 M 219 M 219 M Net income 2022 -2 45 M -2 58 M -2 58 M Net Debt 2022 31 0 M 32 6 M 32 6 M P/E ratio 2022 -64 3x Yield 2022 1 01% Capitalization 180 M 190 M 190 M EV / Sales 2022 1 02x EV / Sales 2023 0 92x Nbr of Employees 700 Free-Float 28 7% Chart CABKA N.V. Duration : Auto. 2 months 3 months 6 months 9 months 1 year 2 years 5 years 10 years Max. Period : Day Week Technical analysis trends CABKA N.V. Short Term Mid-Term Long Term Trends Bullish Neutral Neutral Income Statement Evolution Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Consensus Sell Buy Mean consensus BUY Number of Analysts 1 Last Close Price 7 40 € Average target price 11 23 € Spread / Average Target 51 7% EPS Revisions Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. Managers and Directors Stephan Ronald Nanninga Member-Supervisory Board Sector and Competitors 1st jan. Capi. (M$) CABKA N.V. 20.92% 190 APTARGROUP  INC. 1.27% 7 526 BERRY GLOBAL GROUP  INC. -8.39% 6 974 FP CORPORATION -15.30% 1 954 SCIENTEX 9.01% 1 249 SHANGHAI ZIJIANG ENTERPRISE GROUP CO.  LTD. 9.40% 1 190,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.16,0.22,True,English,"['sound fundamentals', 'Cabka', 'Dutch Star Companies TWO B.V.', 'Two significant multi-year customized solutions contracts', 'innovative Reusable Transport Packaging', 'cash IPO listing expenses', 'Reusable Transport Packaging business', 'Cabka North America Inc.', 'high-single digit sales growth', 'Financial Highlights Record sales', 'several major contracts', 'multiple email addresses', 'extraordinary inflation levels', 'ESG value proposition', 'blue chip clients', 'temporary output reduction', 'exceptional flash floods', 'Cabka N.V.', 'strong market position', 'blue chip customers', 'Resilient operational EBITDA', 'US retailer Target', 'European pooler CHEP', 'Cabka Group GmbH', 'Net Working Capital', '2022 full year results', 'St. Louis site', 'Operational EBITDA margin', 'Market Highlights', 'new capital', 'Genthin site', 'full ownership', 'main customers', 'growth strategy', '23% topline growth', 'continued growth', '30% US growth', 'top-level growth', 'organic growth', 'Net Income', 'ECO business', 'Net Result', 'Net debt', 'business combination', 'sound fundamentals', 'mid-term guidance1', 'plastic waste', 'preliminary non', 'Tim Litjens', 'environmental challenges', 'intrinsic value-add', 'pricing power', 'customer base', 'solid base', 'US markets', 'sustainability targets', 'geopolitical tensions', 'material markets', 'delay effect', 'various rounds', 'price increases', 'overall efficiencies', 'capacity expansion', 'asset base', 'great agility', 'rapid outsourcing', 'second quarter', 'innovation center', 'valuable experience', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'pricing effect', 'Gross profit', 'gross margin', 'dilution effect', 'higher pricing', 'last year', 'lagging effect', 'Non-operational items', 'replacement investments', '100% shareholders’ support', 'minority shareholders', 'Two-tier Board', 'executive level', 'Recycled material', 'European average', 'production capacity', 'production efficiency', 'swift response', 'additional material', 'US subsidiary', 'Cabka CEO', 'annualized sales', 'rising costs', 'tolling costs', 'First name', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'management team', 'Total CAPEX', '2022 sales', '31am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'operations', 'distribution', 'subsidiaries', 'Company', 'RTP', 'economic', 'Portfolio', 'outperformance', 'circularity', 'products', 'plastics', 'March', 'volatility', 'energy', 'improved', 'economies', 'scale', 'flooding', 'goal', 'end', 'organization', 'recovery', 'rapidly', 'materials', 'margins', 'proceeds', 'maintenance', 'Strategic', 'May', 'September', '14% Restructuring', 'consolidation', 'Weira', 'Germany', 'plant', 'MO', 'July', '11']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20632,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fairmont-mayakoba-offers-a-30-discount-for-its-17th-anniversary-and-brings-guests-an-extensive-renovation-301773474.html,Fairmont Mayakoba Offers a 30% Discount for its 17th Anniversary and Brings Guests an Extensive Renovation,PLAYA DEL CARMEN  Mexico   March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- After a multi-million-dollar renovation  Fairmont Mayakoba is thrilled to unveil its extraordinary new facilities. The project included a complete renovation of all guest rooms  casitas  and suites  an…,"PLAYA DEL CARMEN  Mexico   March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- After a multi-million-dollar renovation  Fairmont Mayakoba is thrilled to unveil its extraordinary new facilities. The project included a complete renovation of all guest rooms  casitas  and suites  and an overhaul of all restaurants & bars  the resort's three beach pools  main pool  reception area  and lobby. For the young ones  the existing kids club received a full makeover  and a new second kids club was added. Plus  the resort also unveiled two exciting new dining outlets in the main resort area and an exclusive new beach club featuring five new dining outlets surrounded by three spectacular new pools.The crown jewel of the renewal project is Maykana  the resort's breathtaking new beach club  which brings guests an elevated oceanfront experience set in a contemporary atmosphere with sweeping ocean views of the Caribbean. ""May"" (from the Mayan culture) represents the resort's desire to surround guests with Mayan history and culture through the five elements of nature integrated into the beach club: air  water  fire  earth  and aether. ""Kana"" (basket in the Mayan language) represents the basket that ties these elements together. Through Maykana  Fairmont has created a ""welcome basket"" representing a home away from home.Maykana's grand terraces  private luxury cabanas  sunken fire pits  and seaside pools bring a sophisticated flair for relaxation and resort dining. The beach club's new food and beverage outlets include Mediterranean influenced Brisas  which brings the element of air to Maykana on a relaxing terrace overlooking the beauty of the Mexican Caribbean. Surrounded by private poolside cabanas  Aqua brings the element of water and specializes in Latin-influenced cocktails. Fuego brings the element of fire to Maykana and is a Tulum-inspired ancestral grill that captures an energetic yet bohemian feel. Gaia  Maykana's signature restaurant  brings the element of the earth to the beach club featuring a variety of fresh  local seafood from Mexico and all over the world. Finally  Cielo brings the element of aether to Maykana and is the beach club's adults-only  upbeat lounge with the best Mayan sunset views. Each unique new venue at Maykana offers a superb culinary experience.Meanwhile  the main resort area now presents two exciting culinary offers. La Laguna with a creative concept of Mexican cuisine. Here  talented chefs combine traditional and contemporary techniques  which is also reflected in the design of this restaurant. Stunning art  colorful fabrics  and a magnificent bar  La Cantina – inspired by Mexican culture  will surround guests with an open kitchen concept  an al fresco terrace  a lively lounge  a private pavilion  and over-the-water decks overlooking the Mayakoba water canals where guests enjoy authentic recipes bursting with flavor and craft cocktails. La Laguna will be open for breakfast and dinner and is located in the heart of the resort.Bassano  a stylish Italian eatery  brings an element of comfort to Mayakoba. This restaurant focuses on the simplest of ingredients - egg  flour  and water - while delivering rich flavor in every dish. The restaurant's standout menu includes homemade pizzas  signature bucatini cacio e pepe  and exquisite wines. Complete with a beautifully designed outdoor pizza bar and oven  Bassano is a true standout on the property  with an ingredient-driven menu that keeps guests coming back for more. Bassano opens for lunch and dinner and is located next to La Laguna restaurant.The continued renovation will include a transformed Fairmont Spa  beauty salon  fitness center  and revived meeting and convention spaces. The new salon will become the largest one in Mayakoba. The spa will feature all-new furniture  a brand-new front desk  state-of-the-art massage beds  and a botanical garden that will allow guests to choose their own herbs for their treatments while learning about the benefits to their bodies. In addition  the fitness center will feature all new equipment by Technogym  including rowing machines and infinite staircases. At the same time  the Serenity Room will include a juice bar  lounge  and networking areas for guests to destress. Finally  the transformed meeting and convention spaces will provide a brand-new look and feel featuring local woods and sophisticated lighting.This year marks Fairmont Mayakoba's 17th anniversary  and to celebrate  the resort is offering 30% off for stays from May to December 2023  when booking before March 31  2023. The Anniversary Offer includes an upgrade at the time of booking based on availability  an on-property bird-watching boat tour  use of bicycles to explore Mayakoba  guided catamaran tours including the use of kayaks  and more. To learn more about Fairmont Mayakoba or to book your Anniversary Offer  visit https://www.fairmont.com/reservations/check-availability/?hc=MYK&pc=PANNAbout Fairmont Mayakoba  Riviera MayaNestled in the heart of the Riviera Maya  Mexico  the 401-room Fairmont Mayakoba is a AAA Five Diamond resort set on 45 acres  within a private luxury community. Surrounded by a lush mangrove forest intersected by water canals  the property offers over 46 000 sq. ft. of indoor and outdoor meeting space  an energizing Willow Stream Spa featuring 20 treatment rooms  and El Camaleón Golf Course  host to the only official PGA TOUR event in Mexico. A dedication to a green philosophy has earned Fairmont Mayakoba the Preferred by Nature verification among other eco-accolades. For reservations contact your Travel Agent or Meeting Planner  call 1 (800) 540 6088 or email [email protected]   or visit fairmont.com/Mayakoba or follow Fairmont Mayakoba on Twitter  Facebook  Linkedin  and Instagram.About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless - a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.For more information contact:Fairmont MayakobaCindy Diaz | PR Manager[email protected]SOURCE Fairmont Mayakoba",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.22,0.15,True,English,"['Fairmont Mayakoba', '17th Anniversary', 'Extensive Renovation', '30% Discount', 'Guests', 'two exciting new dining outlets', 'two exciting culinary offers', 'property bird-watching boat tour', 'best Mayan sunset views', 'five new dining outlets', 'three spectacular new pools', 'new second kids club', 'AAA Five Diamond resort', 'exclusive new beach club', 'breathtaking new beach club', 'sweeping ocean views', 'superb culinary experience', 'existing kids club', 'three beach pools', 'extraordinary new facilities', 'unique new venue', 'new front desk', 'PLAYA DEL CARMEN', 'elevated oceanfront experience', 'Tulum-inspired ancestral grill', 'stylish Italian eatery', 'private luxury cabanas', 'private poolside cabanas', 'fresh, local seafood', 'open kitchen concept', 'al fresco terrace', 'signature bucatini cacio', 'art massage beds', 'outdoor pizza bar', 'The Anniversary Offer', 'main resort area', '401-room Fairmont Mayakoba', 'Mayakoba water canals', 'La Laguna restaurant', 'beverage outlets', 'resort dining', 'new food', 'new salon', 'new furniture', 'new equipment', 'new look', 'seaside pools', 'five elements', 'main pool', 'reception area', 'Mayan history', 'Mayan language', 'relaxing terrace', 'creative concept', 'Stunning art', 'private pavilion', 'local woods', 'magnificent bar', 'juice bar', '17th anniversary', 'La Cantina', 'Mayan culture', 'signature restaurant', 'multi-million-dollar renovation', 'complete renovation', 'guest rooms', 'full makeover', 'crown jewel', 'contemporary atmosphere', 'grand terraces', 'sophisticated flair', 'Latin-influenced cocktails', 'energetic yet', 'Mexican cuisine', 'talented chefs', 'contemporary techniques', 'colorful fabrics', 'authentic recipes', 'craft cocktails', 'standout menu', 'homemade pizzas', 'exquisite wines', 'true standout', 'ingredient-driven menu', 'continued renovation', 'fitness center', 'convention spaces', 'largest one', 'botanical garden', 'rowing machines', 'infinite staircases', 'Serenity Room', 'networking areas', 'sophisticated lighting', 'catamaran tours', 'Riviera Maya', 'upbeat lounge', 'Mexican culture', 'lively lounge', 'water decks', 'renewal project', 'Mexican Caribbean', 'bohemian feel', 'rich flavor', 'beauty salon', 'same time', 'Fairmont Spa', 'welcome basket', 'fire pits', 'Mexico', 'March', 'PRNewswire', 'casitas', 'suites', 'overhaul', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'lobby', 'young', 'Maykana', 'guests', 'desire', 'earth', 'aether', 'relaxation', 'Mediterranean', 'Brisas', 'Aqua', 'Fuego', 'Gaia', 'variety', 'world', 'Cielo', 'adults', 'traditional', 'design', 'breakfast', 'dinner', 'heart', 'Bassano', 'comfort', 'simplest', 'ingredients', 'egg', 'flour', 'dish', 'pepe', 'oven', 'lunch', 'meeting', 'herbs', 'treatments', 'benefits', 'bodies', 'addition', 'Technogym', 'stays', 'December', 'upgrade', 'booking', 'availability', 'use', 'bicycles', 'kayaks', 'MYK', 'PANN', '45 acres']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20633,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IMCD-N-V-16772177/news/IMCD-N-2023-AGM-convocation-agenda-and-explanatory-notes-43246222/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,IMCD N : 2023 AGM convocation  agenda  and explanatory notes,(marketscreener.com)   CONVOCATION   Shareholders of IMCD N.V. are invited to attend the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING to be held on 26 April 2023 at 10:30 a.m. CET at the Mainport by Inntel Hotel  entrance at Schiedamsedijk 140  3011 EN  Rotterdam  the Netherl…,"CONVOCATION Shareholders of IMCD N.V. are invited to attend the ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING to be held on 26 April 2023 at 10:30 a.m. CET at the Mainport by Inntel Hotel  entrance at Schiedamsedijk 140  3011 EN  Rotterdam  the Netherlands - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - AGENDA Opening Review of the year 2022 a. Presentation by the Management Board on the financial year 2022 (discussion item) b. Remuneration Report for 2022 (for advisory vote) 3. Financial statements  result  and dividend a. Presentation by the external auditor on the audit of the 2022 financial (discussion item) statements b. Proposal to adopt the 2022 financial statement (voting point) c. Reserve and dividend policy (discussion item) d. Proposal to adopt a dividend of EUR 6.78 per share in cash (voting point) 4. Discharge a. Discharge from liability of the members of the Management Board for the (voting point) performance of their duties in 2022 b. Discharge from liability of the members of the Supervisory Board for the (voting point) performance of their duties in 2022 5. Management Board composition Proposal to appoint Valerie Diele-Braun as member of the Management Board (voting point) 6. Reappointment of Deloitte as external auditor for 2024 Proposal to reappoint Deloitte Accountants B.V. as external auditor for the financial (voting point) year 2024 7. Appointment of EY as external auditor as of 2025 Proposal to appoint Ernst & Young Accountants LLP as external auditor for the (voting point) financial years 2025-2027 8. Authorisation to issue shares and restrict or exclude pre-emptive rights a. Authorisation of the Management Board to issue shares (voting point) b. Authorisation of the Management board to restrict or exclude pre-emptive rights (voting point) on shares as described under 8a 9. Authorisation to acquire shares Authorisation of the Management Board to acquire shares in the Company's own (voting point) share capital 10. Closing (including Q&A) This agenda with explanatory notes  the instructions for attendance  the annual report and financial statements for 2022 and further information regarding the Annual General Meeting are available at IMCD's corporate website (www.imcdgroup.com/investors) as from 15 March 2023 and can be acquired at no costs at the IMCD offices and electronically via ABN AMRO  at the addresses / contact details stated below. As at the date hereof  the total number of issued shares is 56 987 858. 67.774 ordinary shares are currently held by IMCD N.V. or its subsidiaries. Therefore  the total number of voting rights as at the date hereof amounts to 56 920 084.- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - EXPLANATORY NOTES TO THE AGENDA Item 2a - See page 4 to 120 of the 2022 Annual Report   provided as Annex 1 of the documentation for the 2023 AGM. The Management Board will give a presentation on IMCD's performance in 2022. Compliance with the 2016 Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"") is accounted for as part of the report of the Management Board.- See page 4 to 120 of the 2022   provided as of the documentation for the 2023 AGM. The Management Board will give a presentation on IMCD's performance in 2022. Compliance with the 2016 Dutch Corporate Governance Code (the ""Code"") is accounted for as part of the report of the Management Board. Item 2b - This item concerns an advisory vote on the Remuneration Report- This item concerns an advisory vote on the Item 3a - The financial statements have been audited by Deloitte Accountants B.V. (appointed as IMCD's external auditor for the financial year 2022). Deloitte will give a presentation on the audit services performed in 2022.- The financial statements have been audited by Deloitte Accountants B.V. (appointed as IMCD's external auditor for the financial year 2022). Deloitte will give a presentation on the audit services performed in 2022. Item 3b - It is proposed to adopt the consolidated and company financial statements for the 2022 financial year.- It is proposed to adopt the consolidated and company financial statements for the 2022 financial year. Item 3c - In accordance with provision 4.1.3. of the Code  the explanation of the reserve and dividend policy is included in the agenda as a separate agenda item. The policy has not changed since the previous year(s). See page 14 and 59 of the 2022 Annual Report and IMCD's website  section Dividend policy   for more information.- In accordance with provision 4.1.3. of the Code  the explanation of the reserve and dividend policy is included in the agenda as a separate agenda item. The policy has not changed since the previous year(s). See page 14 and 59 of the 2022 Annual Report and IMCD's website  section   for more information. Item 3d - The Management Board  after approval of the Supervisory Board and in accordance with the reserve and dividend policy  proposes to set the dividend for 2022 at EUR 6.78 in cash per share  payable on 4 May 2023.- The Management Board  after approval of the Supervisory Board and in accordance with the reserve and dividend policy  proposes to set the dividend for 2022 at EUR 6.78 in cash per share  payable on 4 May 2023. Item 4a - It is proposed to discharge all members of the Management Board in office in 2022 from liability in relation to the performance of their duties in the financial year 2022  insofar as the exercise of such duties is apparent from the financial statements or other public disclosure prior to the adoption of the 2022 financial statement.- It is proposed to discharge all members of the Management Board in office in 2022 from liability in relation to the performance of their duties in the financial year 2022  insofar as the exercise of such duties is apparent from the financial statements or other public disclosure prior to the adoption of the 2022 financial statement. Item 4b - It is proposed to discharge all members of the Supervisory Board in office in 2022 from liability in relation to the performance of their duties in the financial year 2022  insofar as the exercise of such duties is apparent from the financial statements or other public disclosure prior to the adoption of the 2022 financial statement.- It is proposed to discharge all members of the Supervisory Board in office in 2022 from liability in relation to the performance of their duties in the financial year 2022  insofar as the exercise of such duties is apparent from the financial statements or other public disclosure prior to the adoption of the 2022 financial statement. Item 5 - In December 2021  IMCD announced Piet van der Slikke's intention to retire from the Management Board in the course of 2024. On 2 May 2022  the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") reappointed him  in line with the nomination by the Supervisory Board  for a two-year term  i.e. until the end of the AGM to be held in 2024. The Supervisory Board has nominated Valerie Diele-Braun for appointment as member of the Management Board as of 1 October 2023  designated to succeed Piet van der Slikke as CEO of IMCD as of 1 January 2024  for a first term of four years as of the appointment date (i.e.  until the end of the AGM to be held in 2028). To ensure a smooth leadership transition  Piet van der Slikke will remain available as advisor until 1 April.Valerie Diele-Braun was born on 7 September 1971 and holds the German and Swiss nationality. She currently is CEO of CABB Group GmbH  a global producer of speciality chemical  intermediates and active ingredients. Prior to that  she has been a member of the Executive Board of Swiss based chemicals manufacturer Achroma and Valerie Diele-Braun has extensive experience in growth and transformation projects in the speciality chemical industry  also from her time as a management consultant. She studied in Florence  Italy and in New York City  USA  and holds a science degree from the State University of New York. Valerie Diele-Braun is on the Board of Science Industries  the Swiss business association for Chemistry  Pharma  and Life Sciences  where she is a member of the Executive Committee for Environmental Protection  Safety  and Technology.With the proposed appointment  the Supervisory Board welcomes an all-round CEO in the chemical industry to ensure the continuation of IMCD's strong management  together with the CFO and COO. Her industry experience and knowledge of speciality chemicals  in life sciences market segments (pharmaceutical  personal care and food)  and track record of driving long-term business growth make her an excellent candidate to lead IMCD and drive business growth in the future. Her experience with sustainability requirements in the industry is a valuable addition to the Management Board as well. 2Information on Diversity Policy IMCD's Diversity Policy for the composition of the Management Board  Supervisory Board and Executive Committee was taken into account in the selection process. The proposed appointment of Valerie Diele-Braun increases the diversity in IMCD's most senior management layer in terms of gender  age  and international background/nationality  and adds complementary expertise and experience to the Management Board. With the proposed appointment of Valerie Diele-Braun  and upon retirement of Piet van der Slikke  the Management Board consists of 1/3 women and 1/3 men  meeting the gender diversity target as reported on in IMCD's 2022 Annual Report. Information on remuneration As of her appointment  the remuneration of Valerie-Diele Braun will be in line with the Remuneration Policy for the Management Board and consist of (i) an annual base salary of EUR 850 000 (ii) an annual bonus arrangement equalling 6 months of base salary ('at target')  capped at 9 months of base salary as maximum opportunity  and (ii) eligibility to participate in the long-term incentive plan for the Management Board  with a three-year performance period  and grants of conditional performance shares equalling 100% of base salary ('at target') and a maximum opportunity capped at 150%. More information and a summary of key terms of the services agreement with Valerie Diele-Braun are provided in Annex 2of the documentation for the 2023 AGM  as available on the Company's website. Other information Valerie Diele-Braun has been a member of IMCD's Supervisory Board as of 30 June 2020. Whilst she was a candidate in the selection process  she stepped down and abstained from the committees she was a member of  and did not participate in any Supervisory Board deliberations concerning or connected to the succession process. Valerie Diele-Braun currently does not hold shares in the Company and has no other mandates which are relevant to the performance of her duties as member of the Management Board. In accordance with the Articles of Association  the nomination of Valerie Diele-Braun is a binding nomination. The General Meeting may reject the binding nature of the nomination by a resolution adopted by an absolute majority of votes cast  representing at least one-third of the issued share capital. Item 6 - In 2022  Deloitte Accountants B.V. was (re)appointed as independent external auditor for the fiscal years 2022 and 2023. The 2022 audit was the second audit performed under the new lead partner  Mr. Christian Binkhorst. The Audit Committee monitored and evaluated the functioning of the external accountant and the effectiveness of the external audit process. Upon the advice and recommendation of the Audit Committee and taking into account the observations of the Management Board  the Supervisory Board proposes to reappoint Deloitte Accountants B.V. as the company's external auditor for the fiscal year 2024.- In 2022  Deloitte Accountants B.V. was (re)appointed as independent external auditor for the fiscal years 2022 and 2023. The 2022 audit was the second audit performed under the new lead partner  Mr. Christian Binkhorst. The Audit Committee monitored and evaluated the functioning of the external accountant and the effectiveness of the external audit process. Upon the advice and recommendation of the Audit Committee and taking into account the observations of the Management Board  the Supervisory Board proposes to reappoint Deloitte Accountants B.V. as the company's external auditor for the fiscal year 2024. Item 7 - It is proposed to appoint Ernst & Young Accountants LLP as the company's external auditor for an initial three-year period  starting with fiscal year 2025.IMCD's incumbent external auditor was first appointed for the fiscal year 2016. According to European and Dutch legislations  the initial engagement period for an audit firm should not exceed 10 years  followed by four-yearcooling-off period. To prepare in a timely manner for the anticipated audit firm rotation  and allow for a proper hand- over  the Audit Committee  together with the Management Board  initiated an audit tender selection process for a new audit firm and external auditor in the last quarter of 2022.More information on the audit tender process is provided in Annex 3 of the documentation for the 2023 AGM  as available on the Company's website. The process was completed in the first quarter of 2023 with a recommendation of the Audit Committee to the Supervisory Board to propose either KPMG or EY to the AGM for appointment as of 2025  with a preference for EY.The Supervisory Board has taken over the recommendation of the Audit Committee and proposes to appoint Ernst& Young Accountants LLP as the company's external audit firm as of financial year 2025  for an initial three-year period (so for the fiscal years 2025  2026 and 2027). 3The Audit Committee and Supervisory Board confirm that its recommendation and proposal are free from influence by a third party and that no clause of a contract as referred to in article 16(6) of the EU regulation no. 537/2014 restricts the resolution of the General Meeting. Item 8 - It is proposed that the General Meeting designates the Management Board for a period of 18 months from the date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e.  until and including 26 October 2024  as the corporate body to  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board: issue shares and/or grant rights to acquire shares  up to a maximum of 10% of the total number of issued share capital on 26 April 2023; and to restrict and/or exclude the pre-emptive right of shareholders in respect of the issue of shares or the granting of rights to acquire shares pursuant to the authorisation given under 8.a. above. Item 9 - It is proposed that the General Meeting authorises the Management Board for a period of 18 months from the date of this Annual General Meeting  i.e.  until and including 26 October 2024  as the corporate body to purchase fully paid-up shares in the company's own share capital up to a maximum of 10% of the issued share capital at the date of acquisition  provided the Company will hold no more shares in stock than at maximum 10% of the issued capital  either through purchase on a stock exchange or otherwise  at a price not lower than the nominal value of the shares and not higher than 10% above the average of the closing price of the shares on Euronext Amsterdam for the five trading days preceding the date on which the purchase is made. - - - 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['IMCD N', '2023 AGM convocation', 'explanatory notes', 'agenda', 'Ernst & Young Accountants LLP', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', '2016 Dutch Corporate Governance Code', 'voting point) share capital', 'Management Board composition Proposal', '2022 financial (discussion item) statements', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'IMCD N.V.', 'AGENDA Opening Review', 'The Management Board', 'company financial statements', 'separate agenda item', 'voting point) performance', 'corporate website', 'voting rights', 'Supervisory Board', '2022 financial statement', 'financial years', 'annual report', '2022 financial year', 'CONVOCATION Shareholders', 'Inntel Hotel', 'advisory vote', 'external auditor', 'Valerie Diele-Braun', 'pre-emptive rights', 'explanatory notes', 'ABN AMRO', 'contact details', 'total number', 'previous year', 'Remuneration Report', 'audit services', 'Q&A', 'IMCD offices', '67.774 ordinary shares', 'Dividend policy', '2024 Proposal', '10:30 a', '26 April', 'Mainport', 'entrance', 'Schiedamsedijk', '3011 EN', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Presentation', 'result', 'Reserve', 'EUR', 'cash', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'duties', 'Reappointment', 'EY', 'Authorisation', '8a', 'instructions', 'attendance', 'information', 'investors', '15 March', 'costs', 'addresses', 'date', 'subsidiaries', 'page', 'Annex', 'documentation', '2023 AGM.', 'Compliance', 'part', 'accordance', 'provision', 'explanation', 'section', 'approval', '2025']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20634,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/world/markets-swing-wildly-as-bank-rescues-fail-to-bring-calm-42386458.html,Markets swing wildly as bank rescues fail to bring calm,Bank stocks and bond yields whipsawed back and forth yesterday as investors tried to make sense of market volatility following the collapse and rescue of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB).,Bank stocks and bond yields whipsawed back and forth yesterday as investors tried to make sense of market volatility following the collapse and rescue of Silicon Valley Bank (SVB).Irish 10-year bond yields traded as low as 2.69pc in the morning before snapping back to close at 2.92pc by the end of the day – still below yields of 3.13pc on comparable bonds issued only last Thursday.Shares in the domestic banks rallied after two days of heavy selling sent them plunging over fears of financial contagion.AIB rose 4.85pc  Bank of Ireland was up 3.99pc and Permanent TSB gained 4.51pc. All three were in the top five risers on Euronext Dublin.“You’re just seeing a classic panic into bonds and then back into equities as people rotate in and out of risk ” said Davy chief economist Conall Mac Coille. “Bond yields are moving like crazy.”Investors had been piling into government bonds in recent days both because of a flight to safety and on speculation that the Federal Reserve and European Central Bank might rethink expected interest rate rises.This drove down yields as markets reset rate expectations. US 2-year yields fell the most in four decades into yesterday morning  taking other government bonds with them  but these were followed by very sharp increases.The ECB meets on Thursday. A half-point increase had been widely expected  but SVB’s failure has raised concerns about the impact of higher rates on the financial system.“The risk-off move in the States paired with the big shift in policy expectations has also set into European markets ” said Liam Dorgan  fixed income manager at Cantor Fitzgerald in Dublin.“Now  markets are on the edge between 25bps and 50bps this week. The scale of interest rate moves has been unbelievable the last few days.”The sell-off in bonds seems to suggest that markets are recovering their belief in further aggressive hikes  but the situation is far from stable.“The next 24 hours will be crucial ” said Mr Mac Coille. “There is downside risk  but the ECB intends to press on. Members have been quite hawkish  as we saw from [chief economist] Philip Lane in Dublin last week.”Data in the US showing core inflation at 6pc supports further hikes by the Fed  he said.Meanwhile  analysts said they expected European bank shares to bounce back as investors began to distinguish between problems in specific American regional banks and a wider financial system issue.“Particularly in Europe  the sector is in far better shape compared to the previous crisis and we don’t see any risks  such as the one the US regional banking sector is exposed to  amid its better management of duration risk and stringent regulatory requirements ” said Vincent Mortier  chief investment officer of Amundi Asset Management in a note to clients.“The effect on banks could be more connected to their earnings trajectory  which is our focus at the moment. Overall  this event adds to the case of selection and differentiation among banks.”The Central Bank here said it was “monitoring the situation” at Irish banks and found no direct exposures to the problems at Silicon Valley Bank.,positive,0.55,0.06,0.39,negative,0.04,0.08,0.88,True,English,"['bank rescues', 'Markets', 'calm', 'Davy chief economist Conall Mac Coille', 'specific American regional banks', 'wider financial system issue', 'US regional banking sector', 'Mr Mac Coille', 'Irish 10-year bond yields', 'chief investment officer', 'top five risers', 'fixed income manager', 'stringent regulatory requirements', 'interest rate rises', 'interest rate moves', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'European Central Bank', 'The Central Bank', 'Amundi Asset Management', 'US 2-year yields', 'other government bonds', 'European bank shares', 'Irish banks', 'financial contagion', 'rate expectations', 'Bank stocks', 'market volatility', 'domestic banks', 'two days', 'heavy selling', 'Permanent TSB', 'classic panic', 'recent days', 'Federal Reserve', 'four decades', 'sharp increases', 'The ECB', 'half-point increase', 'higher rates', 'risk-off move', 'big shift', 'policy expectations', 'Liam Dorgan', 'Cantor Fitzgerald', 'next 24 hours', 'Philip Lane', 'core inflation', 'previous crisis', 'Vincent Mortier', 'earnings trajectory', 'direct exposures', 'European markets', 'comparable bonds', 'downside risk', 'duration risk', 'yesterday morning', 'aggressive hikes', 'Euronext Dublin', 'investors', 'sense', 'collapse', 'rescue', 'SVB', 'end', 'fears', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'equities', 'people', 'flight', 'safety', 'speculation', 'Thursday', 'failure', 'concerns', 'impact', 'States', 'edge', '25bps', '50bps', 'scale', 'sell-off', 'belief', 'situation', 'Members', 'Data', '6pc', 'analysts', 'problems', 'shape', 'risks', 'note', 'clients', 'effect', 'focus', 'moment', 'event', 'case', 'selection', 'differentiation', '2.', '3.']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,independent.ie
20635,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ipsos-looks-at-the-dark-side-of-evs-and-their-potential-to-undermine-decades-of-improvements-in-the-customer-experience-301773117.html,"Ipsos looks at the ""dark side"" of EVs and their potential to undermine decades of improvements in the customer experience","NEW YORK  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- While electric vehicles may ultimately live up to their lofty promises  the short-term drawbacks of the ""electric vehicle revolution"" could also undo decades of hard-fought customer experience gains. This is the conclu…","NEW YORK  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- While electric vehicles may ultimately live up to their lofty promises  the short-term drawbacks of the ""electric vehicle revolution"" could also undo decades of hard-fought customer experience gains.This is the conclusion of a new analysis by Ipsos  which highlights several warning signs that the industry cannot afford to ignore. ""Moving to an EV is not painless for many consumers "" says Chance Parker  VP of Product Development. ""Uneven charging network performance  unexpected costs for home charging  frustration with complex vehicle technology  surprises with real-world range…warning signs are popping up all over.""Much of the optimism around electric vehicles (EVs) is warranted: the Ipsos Mobility Navigator Study shows that interest has more than quadrupled in the US since 2018. But to ensure the long-term viability of the EV market  auto manufacturers and charging companies must deal with a number of issues  including the following:The home charging experienceHome charging is one of the primary selling points for EVs —yet the time and expense involved can be considerable. While a standard electrical outlet can be used with most EVs  this ""Level 1"" charging can take more than 24 hours. The cost of purchasing and installing a ""Level 2"" charger  however  can run into the thousands of dollars. And before any of this can be considered  EV drivers must have a dedicated place to install their charger  which means that owners who live in apartments are often out of luck.Challenges with public chargingEV owners without a garage or parking space must rely on public charging — and Ipsos' analysis finds that this experience  too  leaves much to be desired. Public charging networks are still working the kinks out of their new systems  and many drivers are suffering the consequences  from charger shortages to unacceptable failure rates.While the blame for a poor charging experience may ultimately fall at the feet of the charging networks  subpar experiences present a real danger for carmakers as well. Ipsos' analysis reveals that recommendation levels for an EV brand plummet by over 50% when the owner has a bad experience at a public charging station.Poor vehicle qualityEVs should  on paper  be more reliable than traditional vehicles — yet Ipsos quality tracking studies conducted around the globe show that this is not yet a reality. Others agree: both JD Power and Consumer reports have published reports that call the quality and reliability of electric vehicles into question.Whether the problem is a manufacturing defect  malfunctioning software  or user-unfriendly technology  more problems mean more dissatisfied customers. Auto manufacturers and charging companies must focus on understanding the expectations and experiences of the EV owner and addressing their pain points.With decades of experience helping global automotive companies identify and solve problems  Ipsos can help. In addition to traditional research like quality and CX tracking  Ipsos has developed several new services aimed directly at the identifying and fixing the problems new EV owners are facing.From issues with charging to vehicle quality  Ipsos has you covered. For more information on how Ipsos can help  read our POV: The Dark Side of Electric Vehicles or contact us.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.Our tagline ""Game Changers"" sums up our ambition to help our 5 000 customers move confidently through a rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comSOURCE Ipsos",neutral,0.07,0.72,0.21,negative,0.02,0.1,0.88,True,English,"['dark side', 'customer experience', 'Ipsos', 'EVs', 'potential', 'decades', 'improvements', 'Uneven charging network performance', 'Ipsos Mobility Navigator Study', 'Ipsos quality tracking studies', 'standard electrical outlet', 'unacceptable failure rates', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'curious research professionals', 'several new services', 'complex vehicle technology', 'global automotive companies', 'customer experience gains', 'largest market research', 'several warning signs', 'primary selling points', 'The Dark Side', 'electric vehicle revolution', 'Poor vehicle quality', 'public charging station', 'poor charging experience', 'Public charging networks', 'home charging experience', 'new EV owners', 'CX tracking', 'traditional research', 'charging companies', 'EV market', 'user-unfriendly technology', 'pain points', 'primary data', 'NEW YORK', 'new analysis', 'new systems', 'Level 1"" charging', 'polling companies', 'electric vehicles', 'bad experience', 'lofty promises', 'short-term drawbacks', 'Chance Parker', 'Product Development', 'unexpected costs', 'real-world range', 'long-term viability', 'auto manufacturers', 'EV drivers', 'dedicated place', 'parking space', 'many drivers', 'real danger', 'recommendation levels', 'EV brand', 'traditional vehicles', 'JD Power', 'manufacturing defect', 'malfunctioning software', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Euronext Paris', 'Mid-60 indices', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', ""Ipsos' analysis"", 'SOURCE Ipsos', 'Level 2"" charger', 'charger shortages', 'many consumers', 'subpar experiences', 'Consumer reports', 'most EVs', 'PRNewswire', 'decades', 'hard-fought', 'conclusion', 'industry', 'VP', 'frustration', 'surprises', 'optimism', 'interest', 'number', 'issues', 'time', 'expense', '24 hours', 'thousands', 'dollars', 'apartments', 'luck', 'Challenges', 'garage', 'kinks', 'consequences', 'blame', 'feet', 'carmakers', 'paper', 'globe', 'reality', 'Others', 'reliability', 'question', 'problem', 'dissatisfied', 'customers', 'expectations', 'addition', 'information', 'POV', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'patients', 'employees', '75 solutions', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'SBF 120', 'SRD']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20636,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYLORIS-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-109048390/news/Hyloris-reports-full-year-results-for-2022-provides-business-outlook-43254861/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook,(marketscreener.com) Strong R&D progress & attractive commercial deals  including additional Tranexamic Acid RTU out-licensing dealsPotential U.S. market approval for Maxigesic® IV in H2 2023Promising new product candidates driving innovation and on track for…,"Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook 03/15/2023 | 02:04pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Strong R&D progress & attractive commercial deals  including additional Tranexamic Acid RTU out-licensing dealsPotential U.S. market approval for Maxigesic® IV in H2 2023Promising new product candidates driving innovation and on track for a planned acceleration towards a portfolio of 30 assets before 2025Revenues of €3 million  net loss decreased to €10.8 million with increased R&D expenses€43 million in cash & cash equivalents  no financial debtWebcast at 1PM GMT / 2PM CET/ 9AM EST (register here) Liège  Belgium - REGULATED INFORMATION – 15 March 2023 – 7PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces its financial and operational results for the year ending on 31 December 2022  as well as its business outlook for 2023 and beyond. Stijn Van Rompay  chief executive officer of Hyloris  commented: “Our strategy is as successful as it is unique  and 2022 and early 2023 has proven this once again. In an exceptionally difficult year for both the financial markets and the healthcare sector  we successfully raised €15 million and announced HY-083  a product candidate targeting idiopathic rhinitis. This was followed in early 2023 by the in-licensing of a product candidate targeting hypophosphatemia. Other pipeline assets progressed at a rapid pace and are well underway to providing real solutions to unmet medical needs in the upcoming years.” “Several clinical trials will be conducted over the course of 2023 and our team is paving the way to a market authorization for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. before year-end ” Van Rompay continued. “Our headcount grew from 21 at the end of 2021 to 39 today  nearly doubling in size and adding tremendous amounts of expertise throughout our business. Thanks to proactive cost and cash management and sufficient cash to support the current portfolio  Hyloris is geared for an acceleration of its strategy with an increased focus on repurposed products bringing more value to underserved patient populations and Hyloris shareholders. We reviewed around 200 opportunities in 2022 and aim to grow the portfolio to 30 product candidates and marketed products before 2025. I am excited about the opportunities we are currently evaluating and eager to disclose new deals to our shareholders in the near future.” New product candidates added to the pipeline HY-083 was announced in November 2022. This novel  proprietary formulation will be administered intranasally to treat idiopathic rhinitis. Idiopathic rhinitis is a medical disorder characterized by a nasal symptoms that resemble nasal allergies and hay fever (allergic rhinitis) but are not related to a known cause like allergens or infectious triggers. Idiopathic rhinitis features an overexpression of TRPV1-receptors in the nasal mucosa giving rise to nasal obstruction (a stuffy nose)  rhinorrhea (a runny nose) and sneezing  chronically affecting quality of life in patients. Our product candidate aims to activate and depolarize these receptors in the nose. An estimated 7% of the world population is affected by idiopathic rhinitis  representing an estimated 19 million people in the U.S. alone. 13% of them have moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis  leading them to actively seek out specialist care. Hyloris seeks to offer a new  unique  safe and approved targeted therapy treatment option. HY-088 was announced in January 2023  the Company in-licensed the technology to develop development of an oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia  a mineral deficiency in the blood. In severe forms  this condition can be life threatening. The condition can result in muscle and bone weakness  respiratory or heart failure  seizures or coma amongst others. There is a wide range of underlying conditions leading to hypophosphatemia which could be hereditary (such as X-linked hypophosphatemia  hypophosphatemic rickets  osteomalacia  Cushing syndrome) or acquired (anorexia nervosa  recovery phase of diabetes-related ketoacidosis  alcohol withdrawal  respiratory alkalosis  long term use of diuretic and phosphate binders). Chronic hypophosphatemia can become life threatening  making direct treatment of the hypophosphatemia desirable in cases where treating the underlying condition does not solve the mineral deficiency. It is estimated hypophosphatemia affects around 5% of hospitalized patients  and a subpopulation needs direct treatment during and/or after their hospital stay. Treatment protocols for patients deficient in phosphate are well-established and have proven useful in other situations of bone mineral imbalance. Oral administration is the preferred way of treating hypophosphatemia  although in most countries no approved drugs exist. Currently  physicians mostly rely on compounded drugs which have  by definition  not been submitted for regulatory scrutiny regarding safety  efficacy  and quality. Further commercial roll-out Maxigesic® IV  a unique combination of paracetamol and ibuprofen used for post-operative non-opioid pain management  is currently licensed to partners covering over 100 countries across the globe. During 2022 and early 2023: A Complete Response Letter from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was received  stating that it was unable to complete its review  requesting additional information relating to potential leachable and extractable compounds expected to be present in the drug product based on the drug product packaging. Importantly  the agency did not report any issues related to the data generated during the clinical development program.Hyloris and its partners believe to be able to address the recommendations made and resubmit Maxigesic® IV before the summer of 2023 with a potential New Drug Application (NDA) approval by the end of 2023. The non-opioid analgesic space and the market for post-operative pain is growing rapidly and is forecasted to reach $1.7 billion in 2028 in the U.S.  up from $745 million in 2019. 1Submissions were made in 15 countries in Asia  Africa and Latin America  including large pharmaceutical markets such as Canada and Mexico.Marketing authorizations have been granted in several countries including Italy  Norway  Indonesia  The Netherlands  Finland  Singapore and Hong Kong.Launches occurred in 7 countries including Denmark  Sweden  Finland  Norway and The Netherlands. Imminent launches are expected in several additional countries  bringing the total number of countries where Maxigesic® IV will be available up to more than 20.4 U.S. patents were granted to Hyloris  ranging in expiry between 2035 and 2039. Sotalol IV is a novel  intravenous  patented  IV formulation of Sotalol for the treatment of atrial fibrillation and life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias developed for the U.S. market. In 2022 further commercial efforts were made to accelerate commercial roll-out  inclusion in hospital drug formularies and clinical education of hospital staff. Other commercial highlights Tranexamic Acid RTU Out-licensing agreements were signed in early 2023  covering an important European country and a major Southeast Asian country  with a combined population of over 60 million people. Earlier agreements have been signed in 2021 for Australia  New-Zealand and Canada. In doing so  the Company confirms its strategy to out-license near the end of the product development and to prioritize downstream revenue of the product candidates over upfront milestone payments. Regulatory submission in the partnered territories is expected within 2023  and additional out-licensing agreements are expected  going forward. Thomas Jacobsen  chief business development officer of Hyloris  commented: “Thanks to recent out-licensing deals  the previously untapped global potential of tranexamic acid RTU was brought further into view. We now believe the future sales volume for tranexamic acid RTU outside of the United States could outpace the future sales volume within the U.S.” Tranexamic acid RTU is an antifibrinolytic drug. By inhibiting the fibrinolysis  tranexamic acid promotes the formation of blood clots HY-038 In December 2022  the Company out-licensed HY-038  a generic and non-core asset for an out-licensing fee of €1 million. In doing so  Hyloris highlighted its increased focus on repurposed product candidates which offer a bigger difference in patient outcomes  as well as a higher expected return on investment. Cardiovascular portfolio in Q4 of 2022  Hyloris and its development partner API renegotiated specific commercial agreements. As a consequence  no further royalties are payable on Sotalol IV to API  except if the in-market net product sales exceed USD 100 million. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million. R&D update In 2022  R&D activities have progressed on all fronts  bringing our range of 14 product candidates and 3 high-barrier generic products closer to market in different ways  following in the footsteps of 2 products which are already marketed today. Some development timelines were impacted by the Covid19-pandemic and the required transfer of manufacturing activities to alternative third-party manufacturers. Multiple discussions are being held with regulatory agencies and partners to confirm and validate development plans. A new and improved R&D lab is under construction at Légiapark in Liège (Belgium)  where our head office moved after the summer of 2022. This will allow the Company to perform drug formulation and analytical activities in-house for its growing pipeline  further streamlining processes and more effectively deploying internal resources. C ardiovascular portfolio In its entirety  the cardiovascular portfolio covers a broad range of indications in the biggest therapeutic segment globally. With products advancing through or towards the clinical study phase  Hyloris expects to make impactful differences in patients’ lives. Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include: Aspirin IV: The clinical phase of the study assessing the pharmacokinetics has been completed in 2022. Preliminary data has shown faster onset and good tolerability of Aspirin IV with more analytical work required. An additional clinical study is under preparation.A strategic review led to a change in the contract manufacturing organisation (CMO) for the manufacture of registration batches for the New Drug Application (NDA).Aspirin IV is an intravenous (IV) formulation of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Aspirin is not available in the U.S. as an IV product. Milrinone: Hyloris has contracted a CDMO for development and manufacturing. A successful Type C meeting with the FDA was concluded  confirming development plans for a novel  extended-release formulation offering convenient oral dosing for a selected population of end-stage heart failure (HF) patients. HY-074: The FDA has confirmed the development of the proposed formulation can be pursued. Hyloris is preparing for the manufacturing of validation and registration batches. Non-clinical work is expected to finish before H2 of 2023. HY-074 is an intravenous formulation of current standard of care treatment for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to offer faster onset of action (and thereby potentially reducing the risk of death)  more convenient administration (more notably in patients who are nauseated or unconscious)  and dosage control. It is currently available in oral form  which should allow for an optimal switching strategy from the oral form to an IV. Dofetilide IV: Both formulation development and non-clinical studies have been successfully completed. A new CMO was contracted to ensure reliable development and supply  hereby incurring a delay as a consequence of the transfer. Other Value- A dded Programs Our added-value programs are progressing well. Several discussions are ongoing with regulatory agencies to confirm and validate development plans. Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include: Tranexamic Acid Oral Mouth Rinse (previously HY-004): Positive Phase 1-results showed that HY-004 was found to be well-tolerated under varied conditions with no serious adverse events following tooth extraction. Hyloris also plans to investigate its use for broader related indications in patients undergoing oral surgical procedures with or without bleeding disorders that would benefit from a locally acting antifibrinolytic agent. Recruitment for a Phase 3 study will have started before H2 of 2023. Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide: Recruitment for the phase 2 clinical trial is completed and last patient last visit (LPLV) will have occurred by Q2 2023. The results of this Phase 2 study will guide the Company for the preparation and design of the next clinical trial. Hyloris is co-funding the development of Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide  a topical synergistic combination treatment for Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis (rVVC)  a chronic and debilitating vaginal infection commonly caused by the yeast Candida albicans. This condition affects nearly 10% of women during their lifetime. MCZ/DB has a strong scientific and business rationale. AlenuraTM: Multiple clinical trials are expected to start throughout 2023  including a four-arm Phase 2  prospective  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  multi-center  single-dose  pharmacodynamic study comparing AlenuraTM to its 2 individual components (alkalinized lidocaine and heparin) as well as placebo. AlenuraTM  is a first-line drug treatment for acute pain in interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (IC/BPS)  a condition affecting at least 6 million people in the U.S. AlenuraTM is a patented  innovative  clinical-stage bladder instillation product candidate that combines lidocaine in a new alkalinized form with heparin. Thanks to the novel dual mode-of-action  AlenuraTM has the unique potential to i) immediately relieve pain  and ii) augment the mucous inner layer of the bladder wall. Plecoid Agents: The definition of the preferred formulation has progressed significantly in anticipation of clinical trials. These chelating agents could improve the effectiveness of existing chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and small cell lung cancer (SCLC). Previous studies suggested that elevated levels of toxic metals are associated with inferior survival in patients with AML (160.000 patients globally). Atomoxetine oral liquid: An innovative taste masking strategy was deployed  targeting a preferred taste for young patients  following FDA feedback. Atomoxetine is used primarily for the treatment of patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This product candidate allows for improved dosing (as patient specific dosing is also in part based on body weight) and convenience. Other oral liquid products in this therapeutic segment have captured significant market share in competition with oral solids  underlining the need for a (novel) oral liquid formulation of Atomoxetine. HY-029: A successful pilot study demonstrating bioequivalence was completed in 2022. A pivotal study can be expected to start in H2 of 2023. Industrial batch manufacturing has been conducted to demonstrate pharmaceutical quality of the medicinal product and robustness of the manufacturing process. HY-029 is a liquid formulation of an existing antiviral drug that is currently only available in oral solid form. Management & Board changes Both the C-level executives and all board members remained in their respective positions  providing continuity in the company's leadership. Business Outlook With 16 reformulated and repurposed molecules  and 3 high-barrier generics  several clinical trials are expected to start and/or finish within 2023. The Company aims to accelerate growth of the product pipeline  with the end goal of reaching 30 product candidates before 2025. Assuming continued strategic out-licensing  commercial success for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  additional non-dilutive funding and milestone payments  the Company believes it is sufficiently capitalized to execute the full development of the current pipeline assets (14 product candidates  3 generics and 2 commercial products). Webcast details The Company will host a webcast conducted in English to present its 2022 annual results and 2023 Business Outlook  followed by a live Q&A session. The webcast will start on March 16th 2023 at 2PM CET / 1PM GMT / 9AM EST. To join the webcast  please register at Hyloris.com/webcast FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 2022 Year ended 31 December (in € thousand) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues 2.951 3.096 -4 7% Cost of sales (94) (107) Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) 100 8% General and administration expenses (3 517) (2 900) 21 3% Shares’ issuance related expenses - - Earnings/losses from Associates and joint ventures (130) (191) -31 9% Other operating result 303 (5 381) Operating result (10 638) (10 541) 0 9% Net financial result (127) (741) -82 9% Income Taxes (4) (297) -98 7% Result for the period (10 770) (11 579) -7 0% Net operating cash flow (13 154) (11 250) 16 9% Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 -13 1% Financial Review 2022 Income statementIn 2022  total revenues remained stable around €3 million  driven by increased royalties received for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  the out-licensing agreement of €1 million for HY-038 with QliniQ  IP and regulatory services rendered to development partners.In 2021  most revenue was comprised of one-time milestone payment (€1.8 million) related to Maxigesic® IV. Research and development expenses increased to €10.15 million in 2022 versus €5.06 million in 2021  in line with several product candidates maturing from early to late-stage development  as well as the expansion of the number of product candidates and increased headcount of the research and development team. Total general and administrative expenses amounted to €3.52 million versus €2.90 million last year and is mainly explained by additional communication and legal/HR costs. The company remains focus on strong cost and cash management. As a result  Hyloris closed 2022 with an operating loss of €10.64 million. This was mainly driven by increased R&D expenses for supporting the development of the portfolio.The net financial loss in 2022 was €0.13 million. Financial income amounted to €0.47 million  comprising mostly a net currency gain of €0.40 million and interest received on deposits of €0.07 million  versus €0.03 million last year. Financial expenses amounted to €0.59 million versus €0.77 million in 2021 and comprised mostly the impact of the interest rates renegotiation of the shareholder loans  bank interest expenses  currency losses and bank fees. In 2022  Hyloris successfully renegotiated the terms of the shareholder loans  resulting in lower interest rates. As a result  net losses in 2022 decreased to €10.77 million versus €11.58 million in 2021. Statement of financial position The Company’s non-current assets mainly consist of (1) investments in joint ventures of € 3.9 million at year-end 2022  (2) intangible assets of €3.6 million at year-end 2022 including capitalized development  purchased assets and in-licensing costs  versus €2.94 million in 2021  (3) the conversion of the loan to Pleco into shares of €1.0 million  (4) a prepayment of future royalties to API of $0.7 million and (5) a tax credit. Hyloris does not capitalize research and development expenses until the filing for a marketing authorization for the applicable product candidate. Research and development expenditures incurred during the period were accounted for as operating expenses. When an intangible asset is acquired and capitalized  the amortization begins when the asset is available for commercialization. The Company’s current assets mainly consist of €43.46 million in cash and cash equivalents on total assets of €61.86 million  and trade and other receivables of €5.13 million which mainly consist of services rendered to partners  milestones from AFT related to Maxigesic and out-licensing revenue (€1.0 million) from Qliniq. In 2022  Hyloris raised an amount of €15 million in gross proceeds via an accelerated bookbuild  offering 967 742 new shares  the capital and share premium increased with respectively €6 thousand and €2.83 million through the exercise of 1 200 000 outstanding transactions warrants leading to company’s equity amounted to €55.04 million. By year-end all shareholder loans were repaid  making the Company free of any financial debt on 31 December 2022. The same shareholders expressed their conditional willingness to support the Company with a renewed shareholder loan in the future if needed. Cash flow statementNet cash outflow from operating activities was €13.15 million in 2022  compared to €11.25 million in 2021. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million to API. Net cash outflow from investing activities was €1.24 million in 2022  compared to €3.08 million in 2021  and mainly related to investments in joint ventures  capital expenditure and capitalization of development expenses. The financing activities amounted to a net cash inflow of €7.84 million in 2022 compared to a net cash outflow of €0.06 million in 2021 mainly driven by the net proceeds from the private placement via an accelerated bookbuild for net proceeds of €14.34 million  proceeds from the execution of transaction warrants for €2.83 million and the reimbursement of the shareholder loans for €9.28 million including accumulated interest. Consequently  the cash and cash equivalents amounted to €43.46 million end of 2022 versus €50.01 million at the end of 2021. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 ASSETS(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Non-current assets 11 063 9 485 Intangible assets 3 607 2 944 Property  plant and equipment 176 122 Right-of-use assets 885 173 Equity accounted investments 3 948 4 079 Other investment  including derivatives 1.000 453 Trade and other receivables 1.447 1.714 Current assets 50 801 53 959 Trade and other receivables 5 127 2 321 Other investment  including derivatives 469 528 Prepayments 1 748 1 098 Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 TOTAL ASSETS 61 863 63 444 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Equity 55.045 48.056 Share capital 140 129 Share premium 121 513 103 693 Retained earnings (53 476) (43 226) Result of the period (10 770) (11 579) Share based payment 1.621 2.391 Cost of Capital (4 460) (3 827) Other reserves 476 476 Non-current liabilities 1.047 409 Borrowings 747 109 Other financial liabilities 300 300 Current liabilities 5 772 14 978 Borrowings 138 65 Other financial liabilities 3 212 11 815 Trade and other liabilities 2 422 2 749 Current tax liabilities - 349 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 61 863 63 444 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 in € thousands 2022 2021 Revenue 2 951 3 096 Cost of sales (94) (107) Gross profit 2 857 2 988 Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) Selling  general and administrative expenses (3 517) (29) Share of result of equity-accounted investees  net of tax (130) (191) Other operating income 315 389 Other operating expenses (12) (5.770) Operating profit/(loss) (EBIT) (10 638) (10 541) Financial income 466 32 Financial expenses (594) (773) Profit/(loss) before taxes (10 766) (11 282) Income taxes (4) (297) PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD (10 770) (11 579) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 (in thousands of euros)Attributable to equity holders of the Company Total Equity Share capitalShare premiumOther reserves Retained earningsShare-based payment reserve Cost of Capital Other reserves Balance at December 31  2021 129 103 693 2 391 (3 827) 476 (54 805) 48 056 Private Placement Via an Accelerated Bookbuild Offering 5 14 995 (634) 14 366 Equity Transaction via Transaction Warrants 6 2 826 (1 329) 1 329 2 832 Share-based payments 560 560 Total comprehensive income (10 770) (10 770) Balance at December 31  2022 140 121 513 1 622 (4 460) 476 (64 246) 55 045 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 in € thousands 2022 2021 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net result (10 770) (11 579) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation  amortisation and impairments 196 137 Share-based payment expense 560 576 Derivatives financial instruments 52 - R&D Tax Credit (315) - Interest expenses on shareholders loans 164 - Loss on drecognition of shareholders loans 486 198 Equity transaction costs 29 - Losses from Associates and joint ventures 130 191 Losses on disposal of PPE 16 Other non-cash adjustments 16 (1) Changes in working capital: Trade and other receivables (2 230) (2 068) Other investment  including derivatives (27) (1 627) Prepayments (650) 856 Trade and Other liabilities (468) Other current and non-current liabilities - 2.063 Cash generated from operations (12 812) (11 253) Interest paid 7 3 Income Taxes paid (349) Net cash generated from operating activities (13 154) (11 250) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property  plant and equipment (101) (107) Purchases of Intangible assets (638) (954) Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets - 219 Acquisition of Other Investments (500) (21) Investments in associates and joint ventures - (1 270) Repayment received from other financial assets - 216 Payment of other financial assets - (1 157) Discontinued operations Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (1 239) (3 075) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Reimbursements of borrowings and other financial liabilities (7 376) Reimbursements of lease liabilities (79) (62) Proceeds from other non-current liabilities 0 - Proceeds from Private Placement via ABB 14 337 - Proceeds from Execution Transactions Warrants 2 832 - Interests paid (1 877) - Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 7 838 (62) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (6 555) (14 387) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at beginning of year 50 012 64 399 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at end of year  calculated 43 457 50 012 Audit ReportThe statutory auditor  KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren - Réviseurs d’Entreprises  represented by Olivier Declercq  has confirmed that the audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material misstatement in the accounting information included in the Company’s annual announcement. About Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA Hyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimising existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development and registration phase. Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialisation with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit https://hyloris.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn. For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29 Disclaimer and forward-looking statements Hyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law. 1 DelveInsight Market Research Report (2020)Attachment PR Annual Results FY22 FINALAll news about HYLORIS PHARMACEUTICALS SA 03/15 Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook GL 03/15 Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook GL 01/26 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals : Degroof Petercam Healthcare Conference - Brussels PU 01/24 Hyloris Partner AFT Pharmaceuticals Signs Licensing  Distribution Deal for Maxigesic IV.. MT 01/24 Hyloris Announces Commercial Partnership for Maxigesic® IV in 9 European Countries GL 01/24 Hyloris Announces Commercial Partnership for Maxigesic® IV in 9 European Countries AQ 01/20 Hyloris In-Licenses Possible Medication for Hypophosphatemia MT 01/20 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals expands its Pipeline with a Product Candidate for a Mineral Def.. GL 01/20 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals expands its Pipeline with a Product Candidate for a Mineral Def.. AQ 01/20 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA Expands Its Pipeline with A Product Candidate for A Mineral .. CI",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.15,0.6,True,English,"['full year results', 'business outlook', 'Hyloris', '2022', 'approved targeted therapy treatment option', 'Potential U.S. market approval', 'moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis', 'additional Tranexamic Acid RTU', 'Strong R&D progress', 'oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia', 'R&D expenses', 'multiple email addresses', 'chief executive officer', 'Several clinical trials', 'novel, proprietary formulation', 'long term use', 'new, unique, safe', 'attractive commercial deals', 'specialty biopharma company', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'unmet medical needs', 'bone mineral imbalance', 'new product candidates', 'full year results', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Other pipeline assets', 'market authorization', 'severe forms', '30 product candidates', 'Oral administration', 'new deals', 'direct treatment', 'Treatment protocols', 'operational results', 'bone weakness', 'other situations', 'allergic rhinitis', 'medical disorder', 'mineral deficiency', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'net loss', '2PM CET', '9AM EST', 'Liège', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '7PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'difficult year', 'healthcare sector', 'rapid pace', 'real solutions', 'upcoming years', 'tremendous amounts', 'proactive cost', 'patient populations', 'near future', 'nasal symptoms', 'nasal allergies', 'hay fever', 'infectious triggers', 'nasal mucosa', 'nasal obstruction', 'world population', '19 million people', 'specialist care', 'heart failure', 'wide range', 'underlying conditions', 'hypophosphatemic rickets', 'Cushing syndrome', 'anorexia nervosa', 'recovery phase', 'diabetes-related ketoacidosis', 'alcohol withdrawal', 'hospital stay', 'most countries', 'cash equivalents', 'cash management', 'sufficient cash', 'business outlook', 'financial debt', 'financial markets', 'stuffy nose', 'runny nose', 'X-linked hypophosphatemia', 'Chronic hypophosphatemia', 'First name', 'respiratory alkalosis', 'preferred way', 'compounded drugs', 'current portfolio', 'hospitalized patients', 'Hyloris shareholders', '30 assets', '04pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'H2', 'innovation', 'track', 'acceleration', 'Revenues', 'Webcast', '1PM', 'Belgium', '15 March', '31 December', 'strategy', 'early', 'licensing', 'course', 'team', 'year-end', 'headcount', 'size', 'expertise', 'focus', 'repurposed', 'products', 'value', '200 opportunities', 'November', 'cause', 'allergens', 'overexpression', 'TRPV1-receptors', 'rise', 'rhinorrhea', 'sneezing', 'quality', 'life', 'January', 'technology', 'development', 'blood', 'muscle', 'seizures', 'coma', 'others', 'osteomalacia', 'diuretic', 'binders', 'cases', 'subpopulation', 'physicians', '2022', '2023']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Believe-strong-FY-22-operational-and-financial-performance-on-trajectory-to-reach-mid-term-objecti-43254254/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Believe: strong FY'22 operational and financial performance  on trajectory to reach mid-term objectives 2 years ahead of IPO plan,(marketscreener.com) Strong FY’22 operational and financial performance on trajectory to reach mid-term objectives 2 years ahead of IPO plan Paris  France – March 15  2023 2022 Key Figures1 Revenues of €760.8 million  up +31.8% at current rate with an organic…,"Believe: strong FY'22 operational and financial performance  on trajectory to reach mid-term objectives 2 years ahead of IPO plan 03/15/2023 | 12:46pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Strong FY’22 operational and financial performance on trajectory to reach mid-term objectives 2 years ahead of IPO planParis  France – March 15  2023 2022 Key Figures1 Revenues of €760.8 million  up +31.8% at current rate with an organic growth of +32.2%.Digital revenue growth of +33.8% out of which +34.7% organically.Adjusted EBITDA at €34.7 million or a margin of 4.6% (versus 4.0% in FY’21).Positive Free cash flow generation of €52 million (versus negative free cash flow in FY’21).Net cash at the end of December’22 just above €300 million. 2022 Highlights Strong performance of the portfolio of artists and labels reflecting successful positioning on digital music genres. Additional market share gains across key markets  notably in Europe and Asia.Significant level of new artist and label signings and strong renewals with top artists and labels reflecting appeal and clear perception of differentiated digital capabilities. Continued investment in Automated and Premium Solutions fueling profitable growth and further building market share.Group profitability improvement  reflecting better amortization of Central Platform costs.Achieving positive free cash flow generation ahead of IPO Plan uplifting firepower for M&A.Progress in key CSR indicators and Group’s commitment to Shape Music for Good well recognized by non-financial rating agencies. 2023 Outlook Since the IPO  Believe has demonstrated its capacity to control its investment cycle according to its organic growth and deliver on its profitability trajectory.In FY’23  the Group will continue to drive a profitable growth strategy towards its long-term target of 15% Adjusted EBITDA margin.For FY’23  the Group is organized to deliver profitable growth in a base scenario of degraded economic environment. Believe is also ready to accelerate investments in case of better macro-economic conditions.The assumptions underlying Believe’s growth scenario for FY’23 are continued increase in paid streaming  continued market share gains and challenging ad-funded streaming monetization  which led the Group to anticipate: Organic growth of +18% Further progressive improvement in Adjusted EBITDA margin: c. 5.0% Positive free cash flowBelieve expects to leverage its cash to resume its acquisition strategy in FY’23 driven by opportunities created by current market conditions. Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder and CEO said: “We ended 2022 strongly delivering above our IPO commitments both operationally and financially for the second year in a row. In 2022  as we have done each year since 2005  we did what we said we would do ... or better. We grew our market share; we improved profitability; we generated significant cash flow from our operations. Every day the music market becomes more digital and our differentiated positioning and our competitive advantages in the digital world become clearer to our artists and our partners. The quality of services that our teams provide by leveraging their passion for music  digital expertise and technology solutions contributes to the success of a wide variety of local labels and artists all around the world at all stages of their career. In 2023  we will continue our profitable growth strategy: invest in our teams to grow market share  innovate in audience development products for our artists and labels  and further drive operational efficiencies through technology and scale to increase profitability. We aim to be the best music company at developing artists and labels in the digital ecosystem. Everyday my belief that Believe is best positioned to succeed becomes stronger.” 2022 KEY FIGURES in €million FY 2021 FY 2022 ChangeYoY Organic change Group Revenues 577.2 760.8 +31.8% +32.2% Premium Solutions 541.3 712.6 +31.6% +32.5% Automated Solutions 35.8 48.2 +34.5% +27.1% Adjusted EBITDA pre-central platform 83.3 107.9 +29.4% in % of revenues 14.4% 14.2% (20)bps Premium Solutions 78.0 101.3 +29.8% Automated Solutions 5.3 6.6 +23.9% Central Platform (60.0) (73.2) +21.9% Group's Adjusted EBITDA 23.3 34.7 +48.9% in % of revenues 4.0% 4.6% +60bps Operating income / loss (EBIT) (19.6) (22.3) Net cash from operating activities (7.7) 73.7 Free cash flow (30.7) 52.0 Cash on the balance sheet 262.7 303.3 2022 HIGHLIGHTS Strong performance of the portfolio of artists and labels across key markets Believe once again delivered an outstanding performance in FY’22. Based on strong growth momentum  all businesses recorded increases in revenue from their existing portfolio and further expanded their roster by signing new artists and labels. The Group demonstrated its winning strategy of progressively building local teams to address the ever-growing number of music genres as they are becoming more and more digital. The success of the Group’s model and strategy to best serve artists and labels at all stages of their career allowed Believe to surpass €1.1 billion of digital music sales (DMS) for 2022 and grow its digital revenues by 34.7% organically. The model’s appeal to artists and labels was proven in all markets  as illustrated by the geographical diversity of the large number of artists and labels joining Believe: the number of artists served directly or via labels by the Group indeed increased by around 200K artists to reach the milestone of c. 1.3 million in FY’22. Leadership positions in most key markets  particularly in Europe and AsiaBelieve confirmed its position in France in FY’22 as the second largest player in the Top 200 streaming album chart for new releases for local repertoire  as well as for the Top 200 catalogue streaming album chart and the Top 200 single chart. Believe further demonstrated its upstream capacity as highlighted by the successful development of new artist Nej who reached Gold status with her project “SOS”. Her track “Paro” also became one of the biggest successes on Tik Tok worldwide with 22 billion views and 15 million content creations. In Germany  Believe became the third largest recorded music company on local repertoire in the streaming market in FY’22  as the local artists and labels in its roster reached new heights in digital successes across all music genres. The Group was also the second largest player for hip-hop in Germany and demonstrated its unique capacity to cater to each artist’s needs as they move from one stage of their career to the next. The success of Theo Junior  who started out as a TuneCore artist to the top charted positions  or the new milestones achieved by Milky Chance who generated 1.2 billion streams in FY’22 and reached a new peak with their all-time hit “Stolen Dance” are tribute to the strength of the Group’s solutions. Believe continued to significantly grow and gain market share across the markets it operates in Asia  leveraging continued investment in local teams  reinforced management capabilities  and strategic partnerships in India and in the Philippines. The Group is now positioned as leader in India and Southeast Asia  while further accelerating its deployment in the Greater China region. Believe has significantly built up its capabilities in its Label and Artist Solutions since 2018 and Artist Service since 2021 and now has c. 80 people in 5 offices in Greater China. The level of activity remained sustained throughout the year as the digital monetization increased in Greater China  which led to the signings in Premium Solutions of more than 300 labels and above 250 artists directly. Reinforced appeal to highly successful talent producers thanks to market leadership in digitalThe significant growth and achievements of the Group has deeply increased its appeal to well-known and highly successful producers who want to develop artists in the digital ecosystem. Believe has set up two strategic investments in Europe and one in India to create labels with talented partners who provide additional sourcing capabilities on top of their expertise. These new labels will focus on music genres that are already digital or start transitioning  which will contribute to accelerated revenue growth. In France  the Group invested in Structure  a new French pop label partnering with two successful producers  behind the recent success of several multi-platinum French pop artists. This partnership further expands the Group’s sourcing capacities and penetration of the French pop market  which has been initiated in Q4’21 with the strategic partnerships with PlayTwo and Jo&Co  as the genre is becoming more digital. Believe also invested in Madizin Music  a German well-known brand managed by two renowned producers  composers  and entrepreneurs. With this partnership  Believe joins hands with Madizin Music label’s passionate music team to continue their path and to focus on German language music – Pop and traditional Schlager music which have just started their digitalization. In India  Believe signed an exclusive agreement with Panorama Music  that has just been founded by a prominent Indian film producer  distributor and studio executive in India’s music and entertainment industry who is behind several Bollywood blockbusters. This agreement will accelerate the Group’s expansion in the new Bollywood Original Soundtrack market  which constitutes the country’s largest music segment and is also progressively switching to digital. Continuous investment in tech-enabled products and solutions to foster the highest level of service for all labels and artists at all stages of their career In FY’22 Believe upgraded its marketing suite with new audience development products which are consistently leveraged by local teams to service artists directly or through their labels. Those products leverage AI and data mining capacities to help increase the reach and efficiency of the promotion and marketing activities. The Group also launched Encore  a mobile version of the Datamusic suite used by artists and labels to track their global performance  connect with fans  celebrate their success  and identify when they are in the spotlight. In Automated Solutions  TuneCore established itself as the global DIY leader  offering music creators and self-releasing artists one of the highest level of services available in the industry. The Unlimited Pricing offer  which was introduced in June  provided them with a large choice of options to distribute their content on a regular basis in line with their expectations. This new offer will ensure TuneCore retains its status as the world’s highest paying distribution service for self-releasing artists and music creators  proven by the milestone of $3 billion earned by TuneCore users since its launch in 2006. There is a strong pipeline of new features planned for 2023 including new Split functionalities as well as several improvements in the user experience to further reinforce the appeal of its automated platform. Self-releasing artists now have the option to create a split on a release once it has been fully uploaded for distribution  which allows to directly share streaming and download royalties with the people who help them to create their music. TuneCore’s efforts to offer the highest quality of service and innovation have been recognized in March 2023  as TuneCore ranked #3 in the Fast Company’s 10 Most Innovative Music Companies list. Further progressing in its CSR project to Shape Music for GoodBelieve was active in building trusting relationships with respect  fairness and transparency  notably through sharing value creation with artists  labels and internal teams. Believe pursued the association of employees to value creation with a second LTI plan for key executives  the first employee shareholding plan and the implementation of a capital gain sharing agreement between the CEO and the Company to the benefits of employees (one of the first in France for listed companies). The Group continued its active policy towards promoting gender diversity in the music industry and across all levels of its organization. Along a gender balanced board of directors and executive committee  gender diversity progressed across the Group. Women represented 43.1% of the total headcount in FY’22 (versus 40.0% in FY’21) and 37.6% of the managers (versus 34.0% in FY’21). Believe also maintained an excellent result of 99/100 for the French remuneration metric “Gender Equality index” for France. Believe also extended the measurement of gender equal remuneration to the Group key countries by drawing inspiration from the French index calculation. Strong organic revenue growth throughout the full yearFY’22 revenues grew by +31.8% to reach €760.8 million  largely driven by strong organic growth (+32.2%). Digital revenues  which represented 92.3% of Group’s revenues (compared with 90.9% in FY’21) were up +34.7% organically  reflecting streaming market growth and additional market share gains. The Group further benefited from the expansion of services’ offer in key markets and continuing investment in local teams and capabilities over the past three years. Non-digital sales increased by +7.6% organically during the year  mainly driven by revenue growth in merchandising  live and branding activities which offset the decline of the demand for physical sales. As anticipated  organic growth was well above +30% in the full year notwithstanding a lower increase rate in Q4’22 than in Q3’22 (+22.6% versus +37.6% in Q3’22). The decrease in the growth rate was notably driven by ad-funded streaming revenues  which only grew by low double digits in the last quarter of FY’22  affecting both Premium and Automated segments. Growth in all geographies  with a particularly strong increase in Asia Pacific and Africa in € million FY 2021 FY 2022 Change YoY APAC / Africa 130.5 199.3 +52.7% France 96.0 128.6 +34.0% Americas 83.5 109.2 +30.7% Europe (excl. France & Germany) 164.7 210.2 +27.6% Germany 102.4 113.6 +11.0% Total 577.2 760.8 +31.8% In FY’22  revenue growth reached +52.7% in Asia Pacific and Africa which represented 26.2% of Group revenues (versus 22.6% in FY’21). Market dynamics remained strong throughout the year despite a slowdown in the growth of ad-funded streaming revenues since June’22 which impacted the activity of the region. The expansion of premium services’ offer and the strategic partnerships with Think Music and VMAG enabled strong growth in India and Southeast Asia  while the Group accelerated its development in Greater China during the year. In France  revenues increased by +34.0% in FY’22 and represented 16.9% of Group revenues. The Group confirmed its position as a key player in France and its capacity to develop better and further established artists  newcomers  and catalogue within a digital world. Besides  Believe increased its appeal to a wider variety of music genres  notably thanks to the strategic partnerships signed with Play Two and Jo&Co which contributed to accelerating the revenue growth in FY’22. Americas grew by +30.7% and represented 14.3% of Group revenues  reflecting the success of TuneCore’s “new artist” plan which allows music creators an unlimited release of their songs to the music libraries of social platforms for no upfront fee (revenue share model) and was launched in November 2021. The full deployment of TuneCore Unlimited Pricing in June was also successful but impacted revenue by subscriber as anticipated. It is expected that this impact will be offset with a ramp up in the subscription b ase in the future. Believe also benefitted from the strength of its business in Brazil which remained very dynamic throughout the year. Europe (excluding France and Germany) recorded revenue growth of +27.6% and represented 27.6% of total revenues in FY’22 (versus 28.5% in FY’21 reflecting decreasing weight of the Russian business). The Group remained on a strong growth trajectory in the UK  Southern Europe and Eastern Europe  while the level of activity remained sustained in Italy. Revenues in the region were nevertheless affected by lower revenue growth in Turkey (currency effect on the market) and Russia (that represented c. 7.5% of the Group revenue in FY’22). In Germany  revenues increased by +11.0% in FY’22 and represented 14.9% of Group revenues. This performance was mostly driven by digital activities which outperformed the local market and the success of Believe on local repertoire. Non-digital sales continued to drag on the overall performance as the Group is still exiting from contracts which are too heavy in physical sales. Premium and Automated Solutions both driving the revenue growth and greater artist monetization as illustrated by Digital Music Sales which surpassed €1.1bn Digital Music Sales2 amounted to €1.1billion in FY’22  confirming the success of the Group’s model and commercial strategy to best serve artists and labels at all stages of their career. Premium Solutions DMS  which are the basis of digital revenues in the segment recorded significant growth of +33.8% to reach 658.6 million in FY’22. Revenues amounted to €712.6 million  up +31.6% year-over-year reflecting strong organic growth (+32.5%). The positive perimeter effect related to the integration of FY’21 acquisitions was offset by a negative exchange rate impact driven by the devaluation of the Turkish lira. With more music genres becoming digital  Believe accelerated its investment in key markets expanding its services’ offer and local capabilities in the last years. This resulted in a strong performance throughout the year and strengthened market positions in several geographies. Automated Solutions reported DMS of €475.6 million  up +10.1% year-over-year. Revenues  which are not directly correlated to DMS due to the subscription model of TuneCore  amounted to €48.2 million or an increase of +34.5%. This strong performance reflected organic growth of +27.1% and a positive forex impact mainly related to the appreciation of the dollar versus the euro. The launch of the new pricing offer drove subscriptions up  while revenue per subscriber reflected positive trends with an increased number of creators switching from the discovery offer to the highest pricing plan throughout the second half of 2022. The level of activity was also supported by the international deployment of TuneCore and its localization strategy. Improvement of the Adjusted EBITDA margin thanks to better amortization of Central Platform costs Aligned with the strong organic growth  Adjusted EBITDA pre-Central Platform costs3 grew by 29.4% in FY’22 to reach €107.9 million (versus €83.3 million in FY’21). Believe continued investing throughout 2022 to support its profitable growth strategy. In Premium Solutions  the Group deployed additional sourcing and servicing capabilities across its key markets with a strong focus on Europe and Asia  given growth prospects in the regions. In Automated Solutions  the Group pursued its investment to deploy the new Unlimited Pricing offering and further upgrade the user experience on TuneCore interface  including the development of new features. Overall  the Adjusted EBITDA margin pre-Central Platform costs were stable compared with FY’21 and amounted to 14.2% of revenue. This margin includes growth investment in both segments  which represented approximately 5% of total revenues for FY’22. The Central Platform costs (€73.2 million in FY’22 versus €60.0 million in FY’21) have continued to decrease over revenue representing 9.6% of Group revenues compared with 10.4% in FY’21. As announced at the IPO  the scale up of the Central Platform has been completed by the end of 2020. Since then  the Group has pursued its investment in the Central Platform but at a much lower pace to remain at the forefront of innovation  to further strengthen its relationships with digital partners and deploy its solutions to more market segments and music genres. Consequently  Believe continued its investment on its proprietary tech-enabled products and solutions to optimize their efficiencies and impact  notably by deploying more spending in data analysis and digital marketing  both key in the audience and monetization development solutions that local teams leverage to service artists and labels. As for previous years  some Central Platform investments are capitalized under IFRS accounting principles. In FY’22  total investment (P&L and capitalized costs) in the Central Platform amounted to c. €89 million. Total investment went up +11.2% year-over-year compared with organic revenue growth of +32.2%. The Group’s Adjusted EBITDA amounted to €34.7 million in FY’22 compared with €23.3 million in FY’21  up +48.9% year-over-year  as the better amortization of Central Platform costs is providing solid operating leverage. Consequently  Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 4.6% in FY’22 compared with 4.0% in FY’21 and is well on track with the mid-term objective (Group adjusted EBITDA margin of 5% to 7% by 2025). Operating loss (EBIT) reflecting an increase in D&A related to FY’21 acquisitionsDepreciation & Amortization amounted to €44.9 million in FY’22 compared with €33.7 million in FY’21. This increase was mostly related to the acquisitions completed in Q4’21. As a result EBIT amounted to €(22.3) million in FY’22  compared with a loss of €(19.6) million in FY’21. Positive free cash flow and solid level of firepower for the M&A strategyFree cash flow was positive by €52.0 million in FY’22  a significant improvement compared with last year (€30.7 million negative in FY’21). Believe returned to positive free cash flow generation thanks to a working capital variation of €53.4 million  the increase in Adjusted EBITDA and lower capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues (3.3% versus 4.6% in FY’21). Working capital variation was back to positive territory as customer advances progressed but were not marked by longer term contracts with large labels. In FY’21  the renewal of several tier one labels based on longer term generated a peak in advances. In addition  the positive working capital variation was enhanced by an annual installment of approximately €20 million from one digital partner  which was renewed in Q3’22 and switched from quarterly to annual payment in advance. Cash on the balance sheet amounted to €303.3 million at the end of December’22 compared with €262.7 million at the end of December’21  mostly reflecting the positive free cash flow generation. Believe has therefore surpassed its post-IPO cash level and is well positioned to further execute its bolt-on M&A strategy in FY’23. FY’23 OUTLOOK AND MID-TERM OBJECTIVES Since the IPO  Believe has demonstrated its capacity to control its investment cycle according to its organic growth and deliver on its profitability trajectory. In FY’23  the Group will therefore continue to drive a profitable growth trajectory towards its long-term profitability objective. For FY’23  the Group is organized to deliver profitable growth in a scenario of a degraded economic environment impacting ad-funded streaming activities. Believe is also ready to accelerate its investments if macro-economic conditions enable the Group to generate stronger growth. Believe’s growth scenario for FY’23 implies further increase and deployment of paid streaming  additional market share gains and challenging ad-funded streaming monetization. The switch from ad-supported to paid streaming is also expected to further progress in all markets. Based on these assumptions  Believe expects FY’23 organic growth to be around +18% for the Group. This would represent an organic CAGR of c. +25% for the period 2021-2023. Believe is committed to continue investing in its Central Platform to be at the forefront of innovation. The Group will also pursue its strong investments in local sales and capabilities to fuel its profitable growth and seize opportunities offered by the accelerated digitalization of a wider variety of music genres. The Group is also committed to raising progressively its Adjusted EBITDA margin and will therefore monitor its investment pace and focus on improving efficiency to reach an Adjusted EBITDA margin of c. 5% in FY’23. The Group is expected to generate positive free cash flow for the full year. It will benefit from a second annual installment of approximately €20 million in Q3’23 from one of its digital partners  which was renewed in Q3’22. Overall  the Group is on track with its strategic roadmap to build the best digital music company to develop digital artists at all stages of their career. Believe confirms its medium-term trajectory communicated at the IPO  including a 2021-2025 CAGR of between +22% and +25% and a Group Adjusted EBITDA of 5%-7% by 2025  implying a segment Adjusted EBITDA margin of 15%-16% (which is a ""high growth period"" margin  as the revenue growth is partially reinvested). Believe reiterates its confidence in its ability to achieve its long-term target of at least 15% Group Adjusted EBITDA margin. Webcast:We will host a webcast https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/hdkgs2ca and conference call starting at 6:30 p.m. CET (5:30 p.m. GMT) today. Denis Ladegaillerie  our Founder and CEO  and Xavier Dumont  our Chief Financial and Strategy Officer  will present FY 2022 revenues and earnings and answer questions addressed in the call or submitted through the webcast. All information related to the annual results are available on our investor website: Believe - Investors Website - Financials Conference call details:France  Paris: +33 (0) 1 70 91 87 04United Kingdom  London: +44 1 212 818 004United States  New York: +1 718 705 87 96Conference ID: 88365 2023 financial agenda Believe (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9):27 April 2023: Q1 2023 revenues - Press release to be issued after market close 16 June 2023 : Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting 2 August 2023: H1 2023 revenues and earnings - Press release to be issued after market close 24 October 2023: Q3 2023 revenues - Press release to be issued after market close Investor Relations & Financial mediaEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comTel: +33 1 53093391Cell: + 33 6 07 09 98 60 Press RelationsManon JESSUAmanon.jessua@believe.comAgathe Joubertagathe.joubert@agenceproches.comCell: +33 7 63 13 60 99 Appendix 1. Use of Alternative Performance Indicators To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with IFRS  we use the following non-IFRS financial measures: DMS is the revenue generated from digital store partners and social media platforms before royalty payment to artists and labels.Organic growth accounts for revenue growth at a like-for-like perimeter and at constant exchange rate.Adjusted EBITDA is calculated based on operating income (loss) before (i) depreciation  amortization and impairment  (ii) share-based payments (IFRS 2) including social security contributions and employer contributions (iii) other operating income and expense; and (iv) depreciation of assets identified at the acquisition date net of deferred taxes from the share of net income (loss) of equity-accounted companies.Free cash flow corresponds to net cash flows from operating activities  after taking into account acquisitions and disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and restated for (i) costs related to acquisitions  (ii) acquisition costs of a group of assets  that does not meet the definition of a business combination and (iii) advances related to distribution contracts intended specifically for the acquisition of assets (acquisition of companies  catalogs  etc). 2. Quarterly revenues by division in € million Q1’21 Q1’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 115.6 151.1 +30.7% +31.6% Automated solutions 8.5 11.4 +33.6% +28.6% Total revenues 124.1 162.5 +30.9% +31.4%in € million Q2’21 Q2’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 127.5 178.1 +39.7% +40.2% Automated solutions 8.5 11.6 +36.3% +27.6% Total revenues 136.0 189.7 +39.5% +39.4%in € million Q3’21 Q3’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 135.3 184.4 +36.2% +37.7% Automated solutions 8.6 12.6 +46.8% +36.1% Total revenues 143.9 197.0 +36.9% +37.6%in € million Q4’21 Q4’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 162.9 199.0 +22.2% +22.9% Automated solutions 10.2 12.5 +23.3% +17.5% Total revenues 173.1 211.6 +22.3% +22.6% 3. Q4 revenues by geography in € million Q4’21 Q4’22 Change YoY Asia-Pacific / Africa 41.7 56.2 +34.8% France 28.4 35.1 +23.5% Americas 25.1 30.8 +22.7% Europe (excl. France & Germany) 48.4 58.7 +21.2% Germany 29.5 30.9 +4.7% Total 173.1 211.6 +22.3% 4. Revenue breakdown between digital and non-digital sales Q1’21 Q2’21 Q3’21 Q4’21 FY’21 Q1’22 Q2’22 Q3’22 Q4’22 FY’22 Digital sales 90% 92% 92% 90% 91% 93% 92% 94% 91% 92% Non-digital sales 10% 8% 8% 10% 9% 7% 8% 6% 9% 8% 5. Digital and non-digital sales growth (as reported) Q1’22 Q2’22 H1’22 Q3’22 Q4’22 H2’22 FY’22 Digital sales +35.3% +40.1% +37.8% +39.6% +22.8% +30.5% +33.8% Non-digital sales -6.5% +32.1% +11.4% +6.1% +17.6% +12.9% +12.2% About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 650 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.com Forward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions  strategies  growth prospects  and trends in its results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors  including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures.1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 1 of this press release (page 8).2. Digital Music Sales or DMS is a non IFRS measure defined in appendix 13. The Adjusted EBITDA pre-central platform costs consists in the Adjusted EBIITDA of the Automated and Premium Solutions segments before taking into account central platform costs. Central platform costs account for the costs that cannot be allocated by segmentAttachment 2023-03-15-Believe-FY 2022 earnings-ENGAll news about BELIEVE 03/15 Transcript : Believe S.A.  2022 Earnings Call  Mar 15  2023 CI 03/15 Believe : strong FY'22 operational and financial performance  on trajectory to reach mid-t.. GL 03/10 Eiffage CEO de Ruffray put forward as SocGen board candidate RE 02/27 Believe FY2022 earnings webcast invitation GL 02/27 Believe FY2022 earnings webcast invitation GL 02/07 Believe Hits 1 Billion Digital Music Sales GL 02/07 Believe Hits 1 Billion Digital Music Sales AQ 01/03 Believe : Half-year financial statement liquidity contract GL 01/03 Believe : Half-year financial statement liquidity contract GL 2022 Believe announces a landmark year in Germany  becoming the third largest company in the.. GL",neutral,0.38,0.61,0.01,mixed,0.83,0.09,0.09,True,English,"[""strong FY'22 operational"", 'financial performance', 'mid-term objectives', 'IPO plan', 'Believe', 'trajectory', 'Positive Free cash flow generation', 'negative free cash flow', 'YoY Organic change Group Revenues', 'Additional market share gains', 'significant cash flow', 'multiple email addresses', 'non-financial rating agencies', 'degraded economic environment', 'audience development products', 'key CSR indicators', 'Key Figures1 Revenues', 'differentiated digital capabilities', 'ad-funded streaming monetization', 'best music company', 'strong growth momentum', 'Central Platform costs', 'current market conditions', 'profitable growth strategy', 'digital music genres', '15% Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'Digital revenue growth', ""strong FY'22 operational"", 'Strong FY’22 operational', 'Group profitability improvement', 'organic growth', 'Net cash', 'operational efficiencies', 'music market', 'current rate', 'Strong performance', 'key markets', 'Significant level', 'strong renewals', 'macro-economic conditions', 'progressive improvement', 'differentiated positioning', 'digital expertise', 'digital ecosystem', 'growth scenario', 'acquisition strategy', 'winning strategy', 'financial performance', 'mid-term objectives', 'successful positioning', 'new artist', 'label signings', 'clear perception', 'Premium Solutions', 'M&A', 'long-term target', 'base scenario', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'second year', 'competitive advantages', 'digital world', 'wide variety', 'Operating income', 'operating activities', 'balance sheet', 'outstanding performance', 'growing number', 'IPO plan', 'IPO commitments', 'The Group', 'Automated Solutions', 'First name', 'investment cycle', 'technology solutions', 'existing portfolio', 'local teams', 'top artists', 'local labels', 'profitability trajectory', 'Believe', '46pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Paris', 'France', 'March', 'end', 'December', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'appeal', 'amortization', 'firepower', 'Shape', 'Good', '2023 Outlook', 'capacity', 'investments', 'case', 'assumptions', 'increase', 'challenging', 'opportunities', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'operations', 'partners', 'quality', 'services', 'passion', 'stages', 'career', 'scale', 'belief', 'loss', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'businesses', 'roster', 'model', '€']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYLORIS-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-109048390/news/Hyloris-reports-full-year-results-for-2022-provides-business-outlook-43254863/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230315,Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook,(marketscreener.com)  Strong R&D progress & attractive commercial deals  including additional Tranexamic Acid RTU out-licensing dealsPotential U.S. market approval for Maxigesic® IV in H2 2023Promising new product candidates driving innovation and on track f…,"Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook 03/15/2023 | 02:04pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Strong R&D progress & attractive commercial deals  including additional Tranexamic Acid RTU out-licensing dealsPotential U.S. market approval for Maxigesic® IV in H2 2023Promising new product candidates driving innovation and on track for a planned acceleration towards a portfolio of 30 assets before 2025Revenues of €3 million  net loss decreased to €10.8 million with increased R&D expenses€43 million in cash & cash equivalents  no financial debtWebcast at 1PM GMT / 2PM CET/ 9AM EST (register here) Liège  Belgium - REGULATED INFORMATION – 15 March 2023 – 7PM CET – Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces its financial and operational results for the year ending on 31 December 2022  as well as its business outlook for 2023 and beyond. Stijn Van Rompay  chief executive officer of Hyloris  commented: “Our strategy is as successful as it is unique  and 2022 and early 2023 has proven this once again. In an exceptionally difficult year for both the financial markets and the healthcare sector  we successfully raised €15 million and announced HY-083  a product candidate targeting idiopathic rhinitis. This was followed in early 2023 by the in-licensing of a product candidate targeting hypophosphatemia. Other pipeline assets progressed at a rapid pace and are well underway to providing real solutions to unmet medical needs in the upcoming years.” “Several clinical trials will be conducted over the course of 2023 and our team is paving the way to a market authorization for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. before year-end ” Van Rompay continued. “Our headcount grew from 21 at the end of 2021 to 39 today  nearly doubling in size and adding tremendous amounts of expertise throughout our business. Thanks to proactive cost and cash management and sufficient cash to support the current portfolio  Hyloris is geared for an acceleration of its strategy with an increased focus on repurposed products bringing more value to underserved patient populations and Hyloris shareholders. We reviewed around 200 opportunities in 2022 and aim to grow the portfolio to 30 product candidates and marketed products before 2025. I am excited about the opportunities we are currently evaluating and eager to disclose new deals to our shareholders in the near future.” New product candidates added to the pipeline HY-083 was announced in November 2022. This novel  proprietary formulation will be administered intranasally to treat idiopathic rhinitis. Idiopathic rhinitis is a medical disorder characterized by a nasal symptoms that resemble nasal allergies and hay fever (allergic rhinitis) but are not related to a known cause like allergens or infectious triggers. Idiopathic rhinitis features an overexpression of TRPV1-receptors in the nasal mucosa giving rise to nasal obstruction (a stuffy nose)  rhinorrhea (a runny nose) and sneezing  chronically affecting quality of life in patients. Our product candidate aims to activate and depolarize these receptors in the nose. An estimated 7% of the world population is affected by idiopathic rhinitis  representing an estimated 19 million people in the U.S. alone. 13% of them have moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis  leading them to actively seek out specialist care. Hyloris seeks to offer a new  unique  safe and approved targeted therapy treatment option. HY-088 was announced in January 2023  the Company in-licensed the technology to develop development of an oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia  a mineral deficiency in the blood. In severe forms  this condition can be life threatening. The condition can result in muscle and bone weakness  respiratory or heart failure  seizures or coma amongst others. There is a wide range of underlying conditions leading to hypophosphatemia which could be hereditary (such as X-linked hypophosphatemia  hypophosphatemic rickets  osteomalacia  Cushing syndrome) or acquired (anorexia nervosa  recovery phase of diabetes-related ketoacidosis  alcohol withdrawal  respiratory alkalosis  long term use of diuretic and phosphate binders). Chronic hypophosphatemia can become life threatening  making direct treatment of the hypophosphatemia desirable in cases where treating the underlying condition does not solve the mineral deficiency. It is estimated hypophosphatemia affects around 5% of hospitalized patients  and a subpopulation needs direct treatment during and/or after their hospital stay. Treatment protocols for patients deficient in phosphate are well-established and have proven useful in other situations of bone mineral imbalance. Oral administration is the preferred way of treating hypophosphatemia  although in most countries no approved drugs exist. Currently  physicians mostly rely on compounded drugs which have  by definition  not been submitted for regulatory scrutiny regarding safety  efficacy  and quality. Further commercial roll-out Maxigesic® IV  a unique combination of paracetamol and ibuprofen used for post-operative non-opioid pain management  is currently licensed to partners covering over 100 countries across the globe. During 2022 and early 2023: A Complete Response Letter from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) was received  stating that it was unable to complete its review  requesting additional information relating to potential leachable and extractable compounds expected to be present in the drug product based on the drug product packaging. Importantly  the agency did not report any issues related to the data generated during the clinical development program.Hyloris and its partners believe to be able to address the recommendations made and resubmit Maxigesic® IV before the summer of 2023 with a potential New Drug Application (NDA) approval by the end of 2023. The non-opioid analgesic space and the market for post-operative pain is growing rapidly and is forecasted to reach $1.7 billion in 2028 in the U.S.  up from $745 million in 2019. 1Submissions were made in 15 countries in Asia  Africa and Latin America  including large pharmaceutical markets such as Canada and Mexico.Marketing authorizations have been granted in several countries including Italy  Norway  Indonesia  The Netherlands  Finland  Singapore and Hong Kong.Launches occurred in 7 countries including Denmark  Sweden  Finland  Norway and The Netherlands. Imminent launches are expected in several additional countries  bringing the total number of countries where Maxigesic® IV will be available up to more than 20.4 U.S. patents were granted to Hyloris  ranging in expiry between 2035 and 2039. Sotalol IV is a novel  intravenous  patented  IV formulation of Sotalol for the treatment of atrial fibrillation and life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias developed for the U.S. market. In 2022 further commercial efforts were made to accelerate commercial roll-out  inclusion in hospital drug formularies and clinical education of hospital staff. Other commercial highlights Tranexamic Acid RTU Out-licensing agreements were signed in early 2023  covering an important European country and a major Southeast Asian country  with a combined population of over 60 million people. Earlier agreements have been signed in 2021 for Australia  New-Zealand and Canada. In doing so  the Company confirms its strategy to out-license near the end of the product development and to prioritize downstream revenue of the product candidates over upfront milestone payments. Regulatory submission in the partnered territories is expected within 2023  and additional out-licensing agreements are expected  going forward. Thomas Jacobsen  chief business development officer of Hyloris  commented: “Thanks to recent out-licensing deals  the previously untapped global potential of tranexamic acid RTU was brought further into view. We now believe the future sales volume for tranexamic acid RTU outside of the United States could outpace the future sales volume within the U.S.” Tranexamic acid RTU is an antifibrinolytic drug. By inhibiting the fibrinolysis  tranexamic acid promotes the formation of blood clots HY-038 In December 2022  the Company out-licensed HY-038  a generic and non-core asset for an out-licensing fee of €1 million. In doing so  Hyloris highlighted its increased focus on repurposed product candidates which offer a bigger difference in patient outcomes  as well as a higher expected return on investment. Cardiovascular portfolio in Q4 of 2022  Hyloris and its development partner API renegotiated specific commercial agreements. As a consequence  no further royalties are payable on Sotalol IV to API  except if the in-market net product sales exceed USD 100 million. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million. R&D update In 2022  R&D activities have progressed on all fronts  bringing our range of 14 product candidates and 3 high-barrier generic products closer to market in different ways  following in the footsteps of 2 products which are already marketed today. Some development timelines were impacted by the Covid19-pandemic and the required transfer of manufacturing activities to alternative third-party manufacturers. Multiple discussions are being held with regulatory agencies and partners to confirm and validate development plans. A new and improved R&D lab is under construction at Légiapark in Liège (Belgium)  where our head office moved after the summer of 2022. This will allow the Company to perform drug formulation and analytical activities in-house for its growing pipeline  further streamlining processes and more effectively deploying internal resources. C ardiovascular portfolio In its entirety  the cardiovascular portfolio covers a broad range of indications in the biggest therapeutic segment globally. With products advancing through or towards the clinical study phase  Hyloris expects to make impactful differences in patients’ lives. Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include: Aspirin IV: The clinical phase of the study assessing the pharmacokinetics has been completed in 2022. Preliminary data has shown faster onset and good tolerability of Aspirin IV with more analytical work required. An additional clinical study is under preparation.A strategic review led to a change in the contract manufacturing organisation (CMO) for the manufacture of registration batches for the New Drug Application (NDA).Aspirin IV is an intravenous (IV) formulation of acetylsalicylic acid (ASA). Aspirin is not available in the U.S. as an IV product. Milrinone: Hyloris has contracted a CDMO for development and manufacturing. A successful Type C meeting with the FDA was concluded  confirming development plans for a novel  extended-release formulation offering convenient oral dosing for a selected population of end-stage heart failure (HF) patients. HY-074: The FDA has confirmed the development of the proposed formulation can be pursued. Hyloris is preparing for the manufacturing of validation and registration batches. Non-clinical work is expected to finish before H2 of 2023. HY-074 is an intravenous formulation of current standard of care treatment for acute coronary syndrome (ACS) to offer faster onset of action (and thereby potentially reducing the risk of death)  more convenient administration (more notably in patients who are nauseated or unconscious)  and dosage control. It is currently available in oral form  which should allow for an optimal switching strategy from the oral form to an IV. Dofetilide IV: Both formulation development and non-clinical studies have been successfully completed. A new CMO was contracted to ensure reliable development and supply  hereby incurring a delay as a consequence of the transfer. Other Value- A dded Programs Our added-value programs are progressing well. Several discussions are ongoing with regulatory agencies to confirm and validate development plans. Main highlights for 2022 and expected milestones for 2023 include: Tranexamic Acid Oral Mouth Rinse (previously HY-004): Positive Phase 1-results showed that HY-004 was found to be well-tolerated under varied conditions with no serious adverse events following tooth extraction. Hyloris also plans to investigate its use for broader related indications in patients undergoing oral surgical procedures with or without bleeding disorders that would benefit from a locally acting antifibrinolytic agent. Recruitment for a Phase 3 study will have started before H2 of 2023. Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide: Recruitment for the phase 2 clinical trial is completed and last patient last visit (LPLV) will have occurred by Q2 2023. The results of this Phase 2 study will guide the Company for the preparation and design of the next clinical trial. Hyloris is co-funding the development of Miconazole/Domiphen Bromide  a topical synergistic combination treatment for Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis (rVVC)  a chronic and debilitating vaginal infection commonly caused by the yeast Candida albicans. This condition affects nearly 10% of women during their lifetime. MCZ/DB has a strong scientific and business rationale. AlenuraTM: Multiple clinical trials are expected to start throughout 2023  including a four-arm Phase 2  prospective  randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  multi-center  single-dose  pharmacodynamic study comparing AlenuraTM to its 2 individual components (alkalinized lidocaine and heparin) as well as placebo. AlenuraTM  is a first-line drug treatment for acute pain in interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (IC/BPS)  a condition affecting at least 6 million people in the U.S. AlenuraTM is a patented  innovative  clinical-stage bladder instillation product candidate that combines lidocaine in a new alkalinized form with heparin. Thanks to the novel dual mode-of-action  AlenuraTM has the unique potential to i) immediately relieve pain  and ii) augment the mucous inner layer of the bladder wall. Plecoid Agents: The definition of the preferred formulation has progressed significantly in anticipation of clinical trials. These chelating agents could improve the effectiveness of existing chemotherapy in patients with acute myeloid leukemia (AML) and small cell lung cancer (SCLC). Previous studies suggested that elevated levels of toxic metals are associated with inferior survival in patients with AML (160.000 patients globally). Atomoxetine oral liquid: An innovative taste masking strategy was deployed  targeting a preferred taste for young patients  following FDA feedback. Atomoxetine is used primarily for the treatment of patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). This product candidate allows for improved dosing (as patient specific dosing is also in part based on body weight) and convenience. Other oral liquid products in this therapeutic segment have captured significant market share in competition with oral solids  underlining the need for a (novel) oral liquid formulation of Atomoxetine. HY-029: A successful pilot study demonstrating bioequivalence was completed in 2022. A pivotal study can be expected to start in H2 of 2023. Industrial batch manufacturing has been conducted to demonstrate pharmaceutical quality of the medicinal product and robustness of the manufacturing process. HY-029 is a liquid formulation of an existing antiviral drug that is currently only available in oral solid form. Management & Board changes Both the C-level executives and all board members remained in their respective positions  providing continuity in the company's leadership. Business Outlook With 16 reformulated and repurposed molecules  and 3 high-barrier generics  several clinical trials are expected to start and/or finish within 2023. The Company aims to accelerate growth of the product pipeline  with the end goal of reaching 30 product candidates before 2025. Assuming continued strategic out-licensing  commercial success for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  additional non-dilutive funding and milestone payments  the Company believes it is sufficiently capitalized to execute the full development of the current pipeline assets (14 product candidates  3 generics and 2 commercial products). Webcast details The Company will host a webcast conducted in English to present its 2022 annual results and 2023 Business Outlook  followed by a live Q&A session. The webcast will start on March 16th 2023 at 2PM CET / 1PM GMT / 9AM EST. To join the webcast  please register at Hyloris.com/webcast FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 2022 Year ended 31 December (in € thousand) 2022 2021 Variance Revenues 2.951 3.096 -4 7% Cost of sales (94) (107) Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) 100 8% General and administration expenses (3 517) (2 900) 21 3% Shares’ issuance related expenses - - Earnings/losses from Associates and joint ventures (130) (191) -31 9% Other operating result 303 (5 381) Operating result (10 638) (10 541) 0 9% Net financial result (127) (741) -82 9% Income Taxes (4) (297) -98 7% Result for the period (10 770) (11 579) -7 0% Net operating cash flow (13 154) (11 250) 16 9% Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 -13 1% Financial Review 2022 Income statementIn 2022  total revenues remained stable around €3 million  driven by increased royalties received for Maxigesic® IV and Sotalol IV  the out-licensing agreement of €1 million for HY-038 with QliniQ  IP and regulatory services rendered to development partners.In 2021  most revenue was comprised of one-time milestone payment (€1.8 million) related to Maxigesic® IV. Research and development expenses increased to €10.15 million in 2022 versus €5.06 million in 2021  in line with several product candidates maturing from early to late-stage development  as well as the expansion of the number of product candidates and increased headcount of the research and development team. Total general and administrative expenses amounted to €3.52 million versus €2.90 million last year and is mainly explained by additional communication and legal/HR costs. The company remains focus on strong cost and cash management. As a result  Hyloris closed 2022 with an operating loss of €10.64 million. This was mainly driven by increased R&D expenses for supporting the development of the portfolio.The net financial loss in 2022 was €0.13 million. Financial income amounted to €0.47 million  comprising mostly a net currency gain of €0.40 million and interest received on deposits of €0.07 million  versus €0.03 million last year. Financial expenses amounted to €0.59 million versus €0.77 million in 2021 and comprised mostly the impact of the interest rates renegotiation of the shareholder loans  bank interest expenses  currency losses and bank fees. In 2022  Hyloris successfully renegotiated the terms of the shareholder loans  resulting in lower interest rates. As a result  net losses in 2022 decreased to €10.77 million versus €11.58 million in 2021. Statement of financial position The Company’s non-current assets mainly consist of (1) investments in joint ventures of € 3.9 million at year-end 2022  (2) intangible assets of €3.6 million at year-end 2022 including capitalized development  purchased assets and in-licensing costs  versus €2.94 million in 2021  (3) the conversion of the loan to Pleco into shares of €1.0 million  (4) a prepayment of future royalties to API of $0.7 million and (5) a tax credit. Hyloris does not capitalize research and development expenses until the filing for a marketing authorization for the applicable product candidate. Research and development expenditures incurred during the period were accounted for as operating expenses. When an intangible asset is acquired and capitalized  the amortization begins when the asset is available for commercialization. The Company’s current assets mainly consist of €43.46 million in cash and cash equivalents on total assets of €61.86 million  and trade and other receivables of €5.13 million which mainly consist of services rendered to partners  milestones from AFT related to Maxigesic and out-licensing revenue (€1.0 million) from Qliniq. In 2022  Hyloris raised an amount of €15 million in gross proceeds via an accelerated bookbuild  offering 967 742 new shares  the capital and share premium increased with respectively €6 thousand and €2.83 million through the exercise of 1 200 000 outstanding transactions warrants leading to company’s equity amounted to €55.04 million. By year-end all shareholder loans were repaid  making the Company free of any financial debt on 31 December 2022. The same shareholders expressed their conditional willingness to support the Company with a renewed shareholder loan in the future if needed. Cash flow statementNet cash outflow from operating activities was €13.15 million in 2022  compared to €11.25 million in 2021. As part of renegotiation of commercial terms  the Company made prepayments of expected future royalties amounting to $0.7 million to API. Net cash outflow from investing activities was €1.24 million in 2022  compared to €3.08 million in 2021  and mainly related to investments in joint ventures  capital expenditure and capitalization of development expenses. The financing activities amounted to a net cash inflow of €7.84 million in 2022 compared to a net cash outflow of €0.06 million in 2021 mainly driven by the net proceeds from the private placement via an accelerated bookbuild for net proceeds of €14.34 million  proceeds from the execution of transaction warrants for €2.83 million and the reimbursement of the shareholder loans for €9.28 million including accumulated interest. Consequently  the cash and cash equivalents amounted to €43.46 million end of 2022 versus €50.01 million at the end of 2021. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 ASSETS(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Non-current assets 11 063 9 485 Intangible assets 3 607 2 944 Property  plant and equipment 176 122 Right-of-use assets 885 173 Equity accounted investments 3 948 4 079 Other investment  including derivatives 1.000 453 Trade and other receivables 1.447 1.714 Current assets 50 801 53 959 Trade and other receivables 5 127 2 321 Other investment  including derivatives 469 528 Prepayments 1 748 1 098 Cash and cash equivalents 43 457 50 012 TOTAL ASSETS 61 863 63 444 EQUITY AND LIABILITIES(in thousands of euros)31-Dec-2231-Dec-21Equity 55.045 48.056 Share capital 140 129 Share premium 121 513 103 693 Retained earnings (53 476) (43 226) Result of the period (10 770) (11 579) Share based payment 1.621 2.391 Cost of Capital (4 460) (3 827) Other reserves 476 476 Non-current liabilities 1.047 409 Borrowings 747 109 Other financial liabilities 300 300 Current liabilities 5 772 14 978 Borrowings 138 65 Other financial liabilities 3 212 11 815 Trade and other liabilities 2 422 2 749 Current tax liabilities - 349 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 61 863 63 444 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 in € thousands 2022 2021 Revenue 2 951 3 096 Cost of sales (94) (107) Gross profit 2 857 2 988 Research and development expenses (10 151) (5 056) Selling  general and administrative expenses (3 517) (29) Share of result of equity-accounted investees  net of tax (130) (191) Other operating income 315 389 Other operating expenses (12) (5.770) Operating profit/(loss) (EBIT) (10 638) (10 541) Financial income 466 32 Financial expenses (594) (773) Profit/(loss) before taxes (10 766) (11 282) Income taxes (4) (297) PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD (10 770) (11 579) CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 (in thousands of euros)Attributable to equity holders of the Company Total Equity Share capitalShare premiumOther reserves Retained earningsShare-based payment reserve Cost of Capital Other reserves Balance at December 31  2021 129 103 693 2 391 (3 827) 476 (54 805) 48 056 Private Placement Via an Accelerated Bookbuild Offering 5 14 995 (634) 14 366 Equity Transaction via Transaction Warrants 6 2 826 (1 329) 1 329 2 832 Share-based payments 560 560 Total comprehensive income (10 770) (10 770) Balance at December 31  2022 140 121 513 1 622 (4 460) 476 (64 246) 55 045 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31 in € thousands 2022 2021 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net result (10 770) (11 579) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation  amortisation and impairments 196 137 Share-based payment expense 560 576 Derivatives financial instruments 52 - R&D Tax Credit (315) - Interest expenses on shareholders loans 164 - Loss on drecognition of shareholders loans 486 198 Equity transaction costs 29 - Losses from Associates and joint ventures 130 191 Losses on disposal of PPE 16 Other non-cash adjustments 16 (1) Changes in working capital: Trade and other receivables (2 230) (2 068) Other investment  including derivatives (27) (1 627) Prepayments (650) 856 Trade and Other liabilities (468) Other current and non-current liabilities - 2.063 Cash generated from operations (12 812) (11 253) Interest paid 7 3 Income Taxes paid (349) Net cash generated from operating activities (13 154) (11 250) CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property  plant and equipment (101) (107) Purchases of Intangible assets (638) (954) Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets - 219 Acquisition of Other Investments (500) (21) Investments in associates and joint ventures - (1 270) Repayment received from other financial assets - 216 Payment of other financial assets - (1 157) Discontinued operations Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities (1 239) (3 075) CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Reimbursements of borrowings and other financial liabilities (7 376) Reimbursements of lease liabilities (79) (62) Proceeds from other non-current liabilities 0 - Proceeds from Private Placement via ABB 14 337 - Proceeds from Execution Transactions Warrants 2 832 - Interests paid (1 877) - Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities 7 838 (62) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (6 555) (14 387) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at beginning of year 50 012 64 399 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS at end of year  calculated 43 457 50 012 Audit ReportThe statutory auditor  KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren - Réviseurs d’Entreprises  represented by Olivier Declercq  has confirmed that the audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material misstatement in the accounting information included in the Company’s annual announcement. About Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA Hyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimising existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development and registration phase. Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialisation with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit https://hyloris.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn. For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29 Disclaimer and forward-looking statements Hyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law. 1 DelveInsight Market Research Report (2020)Attachment PR Annual Results FY22 FINAL© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about HYLORIS PHARMACEUTICALS SA 03/15 Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook GL 03/15 Hyloris reports full year results for 2022 & provides business outlook GL 01/26 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals : Degroof Petercam Healthcare Conference - Brussels PU 01/24 Hyloris Partner AFT Pharmaceuticals Signs Licensing  Distribution Deal for Maxigesic IV.. MT 01/24 Hyloris Announces Commercial Partnership for Maxigesic® IV in 9 European Countries GL 01/24 Hyloris Announces Commercial Partnership for Maxigesic® IV in 9 European Countries AQ 01/20 Hyloris In-Licenses Possible Medication for Hypophosphatemia MT 01/20 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals expands its Pipeline with a Product Candidate for a Mineral Def.. GL 01/20 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals expands its Pipeline with a Product Candidate for a Mineral Def.. AQ 01/20 Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA Expands Its Pipeline with A Product Candidate for A Mineral .. CI",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.15,0.6,True,English,"['full year results', 'business outlook', 'Hyloris', '2022', 'approved targeted therapy treatment option', 'Potential U.S. market approval', 'moderate to severe idiopathic rhinitis', 'additional Tranexamic Acid RTU', 'Strong R&D progress', 'oral liquid targeting hypophosphatemia', 'R&D expenses', 'multiple email addresses', 'chief executive officer', 'Several clinical trials', 'novel, proprietary formulation', 'long term use', 'new, unique, safe', 'attractive commercial deals', 'specialty biopharma company', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'unmet medical needs', 'bone mineral imbalance', 'new product candidates', 'full year results', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Other pipeline assets', 'market authorization', 'severe forms', '30 product candidates', 'Oral administration', 'new deals', 'direct treatment', 'Treatment protocols', 'operational results', 'bone weakness', 'other situations', 'allergic rhinitis', 'medical disorder', 'mineral deficiency', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'net loss', '2PM CET', '9AM EST', 'Liège', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', '7PM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'difficult year', 'healthcare sector', 'rapid pace', 'real solutions', 'upcoming years', 'tremendous amounts', 'proactive cost', 'patient populations', 'near future', 'nasal symptoms', 'nasal allergies', 'hay fever', 'infectious triggers', 'nasal mucosa', 'nasal obstruction', 'world population', '19 million people', 'specialist care', 'heart failure', 'wide range', 'underlying conditions', 'hypophosphatemic rickets', 'Cushing syndrome', 'anorexia nervosa', 'recovery phase', 'diabetes-related ketoacidosis', 'alcohol withdrawal', 'hospital stay', 'most countries', 'cash equivalents', 'cash management', 'sufficient cash', 'business outlook', 'financial debt', 'financial markets', 'stuffy nose', 'runny nose', 'X-linked hypophosphatemia', 'Chronic hypophosphatemia', 'First name', 'respiratory alkalosis', 'preferred way', 'compounded drugs', 'current portfolio', 'hospitalized patients', 'Hyloris shareholders', '30 assets', '04pm', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'H2', 'innovation', 'track', 'acceleration', 'Revenues', 'Webcast', '1PM', 'Belgium', '15 March', '31 December', 'strategy', 'early', 'licensing', 'course', 'team', 'year-end', 'headcount', 'size', 'expertise', 'focus', 'repurposed', 'products', 'value', '200 opportunities', 'November', 'cause', 'allergens', 'overexpression', 'TRPV1-receptors', 'rise', 'rhinorrhea', 'sneezing', 'quality', 'life', 'January', 'technology', 'development', 'blood', 'muscle', 'seizures', 'coma', 'others', 'osteomalacia', 'diuretic', 'binders', 'cases', 'subpopulation', 'physicians', '2022', '2023']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,marketscreener.com
20639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/15/2628039/0/en/Believe-strong-FY-22-operational-and-financial-performance-on-trajectory-to-reach-mid-term-objectives-2-years-ahead-of-IPO-plan.html,Believe: strong FY'22 operational and financial performance  on trajectory to reach mid-term objectives 2 years ahead of IPO plan,Strong FY’22 operational and financial performance on trajectory to reach mid-term objectives 2 years ahead of IPO plan Paris  France – March 15  2023    ...,"English FrenchStrong FY’22 operational and financial performance on trajectory to reach mid-term objectives 2 years ahead of IPO planParis  France – March 15  20232022 Key Figures1Revenues of €760.8 million  up +31.8% at current rate with an organic growth of +32.2%.Digital revenue growth of +33.8% out of which +34.7% organically.Adjusted EBITDA at €34.7 million or a margin of 4.6% (versus 4.0% in FY’21).Positive Free cash flow generation of €52 million (versus negative free cash flow in FY’21).Net cash at the end of December’22 just above €300 million.2022 HighlightsStrong performance of the portfolio of artists and labels reflecting successful positioning on digital music genres. Additional market share gains across key markets  notably in Europe and Asia.Significant level of new artist and label signings and strong renewals with top artists and labels reflecting appeal and clear perception of differentiated digital capabilities. Continued investment in Automated and Premium Solutions fueling profitable growth and further building market share.Group profitability improvement  reflecting better amortization of Central Platform costs.Achieving positive free cash flow generation ahead of IPO Plan uplifting firepower for M&A.Progress in key CSR indicators and Group’s commitment to Shape Music for Good well recognized by non-financial rating agencies.2023 OutlookSince the IPO  Believe has demonstrated its capacity to control its investment cycle according to its organic growth and deliver on its profitability trajectory.In FY’23  the Group will continue to drive a profitable growth strategy towards its long-term target of 15% Adjusted EBITDA margin.For FY’23  the Group is organized to deliver profitable growth in a base scenario of degraded economic environment. Believe is also ready to accelerate investments in case of better macro-economic conditions.The assumptions underlying Believe’s growth scenario for FY’23 are continued increase in paid streaming  continued market share gains and challenging ad-funded streaming monetization  which led the Group to anticipate: Organic growth of +18% Further progressive improvement in Adjusted EBITDA margin: c. 5.0% Positive free cash flowBelieve expects to leverage its cash to resume its acquisition strategy in FY’23 driven by opportunities created by current market conditions.Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder and CEO said: “We ended 2022 strongly delivering above our IPO commitments both operationally and financially for the second year in a row. In 2022  as we have done each year since 2005  we did what we said we would do ... or better. We grew our market share; we improved profitability; we generated significant cash flow from our operations. Every day the music market becomes more digital and our differentiated positioning and our competitive advantages in the digital world become clearer to our artists and our partners. The quality of services that our teams provide by leveraging their passion for music  digital expertise and technology solutions contributes to the success of a wide variety of local labels and artists all around the world at all stages of their career. In 2023  we will continue our profitable growth strategy: invest in our teams to grow market share  innovate in audience development products for our artists and labels  and further drive operational efficiencies through technology and scale to increase profitability. We aim to be the best music company at developing artists and labels in the digital ecosystem. Everyday my belief that Believe is best positioned to succeed becomes stronger.”2022 KEY FIGURESin €million FY 2021 FY 2022 ChangeYoY Organic change Group Revenues 577.2 760.8 +31.8% +32.2% Premium Solutions 541.3 712.6 +31.6% +32.5% Automated Solutions 35.8 48.2 +34.5% +27.1% Adjusted EBITDA pre-central platform 83.3 107.9 +29.4% in % of revenues 14.4% 14.2% (20)bps Premium Solutions 78.0 101.3 +29.8% Automated Solutions 5.3 6.6 +23.9% Central Platform (60.0) (73.2) +21.9% Group's Adjusted EBITDA 23.3 34.7 +48.9% in % of revenues 4.0% 4.6% +60bps Operating income / loss (EBIT) (19.6) (22.3) Net cash from operating activities (7.7) 73.7 Free cash flow (30.7) 52.0 Cash on the balance sheet 262.7 303.32022 HIGHLIGHTSStrong performance of the portfolio of artists and labels across key marketsBelieve once again delivered an outstanding performance in FY’22. Based on strong growth momentum  all businesses recorded increases in revenue from their existing portfolio and further expanded their roster by signing new artists and labels. The Group demonstrated its winning strategy of progressively building local teams to address the ever-growing number of music genres as they are becoming more and more digital.The success of the Group’s model and strategy to best serve artists and labels at all stages of their career allowed Believe to surpass €1.1 billion of digital music sales (DMS) for 2022 and grow its digital revenues by 34.7% organically. The model’s appeal to artists and labels was proven in all markets  as illustrated by the geographical diversity of the large number of artists and labels joining Believe: the number of artists served directly or via labels by the Group indeed increased by around 200K artists to reach the milestone of c. 1.3 million in FY’22.Leadership positions in most key markets  particularly in Europe and AsiaBelieve confirmed its position in France in FY’22 as the second largest player in the Top 200 streaming album chart for new releases for local repertoire  as well as for the Top 200 catalogue streaming album chart and the Top 200 single chart. Believe further demonstrated its upstream capacity as highlighted by the successful development of new artist Nej who reached Gold status with her project “SOS”. Her track “Paro” also became one of the biggest successes on Tik Tok worldwide with 22 billion views and 15 million content creations.In Germany  Believe became the third largest recorded music company on local repertoire in the streaming market in FY’22  as the local artists and labels in its roster reached new heights in digital successes across all music genres. The Group was also the second largest player for hip-hop in Germany and demonstrated its unique capacity to cater to each artist’s needs as they move from one stage of their career to the next. The success of Theo Junior  who started out as a TuneCore artist to the top charted positions  or the new milestones achieved by Milky Chance who generated 1.2 billion streams in FY’22 and reached a new peak with their all-time hit “Stolen Dance” are tribute to the strength of the Group’s solutions.Believe continued to significantly grow and gain market share across the markets it operates in Asia  leveraging continued investment in local teams  reinforced management capabilities  and strategic partnerships in India and in the Philippines. The Group is now positioned as leader in India and Southeast Asia  while further accelerating its deployment in the Greater China region. Believe has significantly built up its capabilities in its Label and Artist Solutions since 2018 and Artist Service since 2021 and now has c. 80 people in 5 offices in Greater China. The level of activity remained sustained throughout the year as the digital monetization increased in Greater China  which led to the signings in Premium Solutions of more than 300 labels and above 250 artists directly.Reinforced appeal to highly successful talent producers thanks to market leadership in digitalThe significant growth and achievements of the Group has deeply increased its appeal to well-known and highly successful producers who want to develop artists in the digital ecosystem. Believe has set up two strategic investments in Europe and one in India to create labels with talented partners who provide additional sourcing capabilities on top of their expertise. These new labels will focus on music genres that are already digital or start transitioning  which will contribute to accelerated revenue growth.In France  the Group invested in Structure  a new French pop label partnering with two successful producers  behind the recent success of several multi-platinum French pop artists. This partnership further expands the Group’s sourcing capacities and penetration of the French pop market  which has been initiated in Q4’21 with the strategic partnerships with PlayTwo and Jo&Co  as the genre is becoming more digital. Believe also invested in Madizin Music  a German well-known brand managed by two renowned producers  composers  and entrepreneurs. With this partnership  Believe joins hands with Madizin Music label’s passionate music team to continue their path and to focus on German language music – Pop and traditional Schlager music which have just started their digitalization. In India  Believe signed an exclusive agreement with Panorama Music  that has just been founded by a prominent Indian film producer  distributor and studio executive in India’s music and entertainment industry who is behind several Bollywood blockbusters. This agreement will accelerate the Group’s expansion in the new Bollywood Original Soundtrack market  which constitutes the country’s largest music segment and is also progressively switching to digital.Continuous investment in tech-enabled products and solutions to foster the highest level of service for all labels and artists at all stages of their careerIn FY’22 Believe upgraded its marketing suite with new audience development products which are consistently leveraged by local teams to service artists directly or through their labels. Those products leverage AI and data mining capacities to help increase the reach and efficiency of the promotion and marketing activities. The Group also launched Encore  a mobile version of the Datamusic suite used by artists and labels to track their global performance  connect with fans  celebrate their success  and identify when they are in the spotlight.In Automated Solutions  TuneCore established itself as the global DIY leader  offering music creators and self-releasing artists one of the highest level of services available in the industry. The Unlimited Pricing offer  which was introduced in June  provided them with a large choice of options to distribute their content on a regular basis in line with their expectations. This new offer will ensure TuneCore retains its status as the world’s highest paying distribution service for self-releasing artists and music creators  proven by the milestone of $3 billion earned by TuneCore users since its launch in 2006. There is a strong pipeline of new features planned for 2023 including new Split functionalities as well as several improvements in the user experience to further reinforce the appeal of its automated platform. Self-releasing artists now have the option to create a split on a release once it has been fully uploaded for distribution  which allows to directly share streaming and download royalties with the people who help them to create their music. TuneCore’s efforts to offer the highest quality of service and innovation have been recognized in March 2023  as TuneCore ranked #3 in the Fast Company’s 10 Most Innovative Music Companies list.Further progressing in its CSR project to Shape Music for GoodBelieve was active in building trusting relationships with respect  fairness and transparency  notably through sharing value creation with artists  labels and internal teams. Believe pursued the association of employees to value creation with a second LTI plan for key executives  the first employee shareholding plan and the implementation of a capital gain sharing agreement between the CEO and the Company to the benefits of employees (one of the first in France for listed companies).The Group continued its active policy towards promoting gender diversity in the music industry and across all levels of its organization. Along a gender balanced board of directors and executive committee  gender diversity progressed across the Group. Women represented 43.1% of the total headcount in FY’22 (versus 40.0% in FY’21) and 37.6% of the managers (versus 34.0% in FY’21). Believe also maintained an excellent result of 99/100 for the French remuneration metric “Gender Equality index” for France. Believe also extended the measurement of gender equal remuneration to the Group key countries by drawing inspiration from the French index calculation.Strong organic revenue growth throughout the full yearFY’22 revenues grew by +31.8% to reach €760.8 million  largely driven by strong organic growth (+32.2%). Digital revenues  which represented 92.3% of Group’s revenues (compared with 90.9% in FY’21) were up +34.7% organically  reflecting streaming market growth and additional market share gains. The Group further benefited from the expansion of services’ offer in key markets and continuing investment in local teams and capabilities over the past three years. Non-digital sales increased by +7.6% organically during the year  mainly driven by revenue growth in merchandising  live and branding activities which offset the decline of the demand for physical sales.As anticipated  organic growth was well above +30% in the full year notwithstanding a lower increase rate in Q4’22 than in Q3’22 (+22.6% versus +37.6% in Q3’22). The decrease in the growth rate was notably driven by ad-funded streaming revenues  which only grew by low double digits in the last quarter of FY’22  affecting both Premium and Automated segments.Growth in all geographies  with a particularly strong increase in Asia Pacific and Africain € million FY 2021 FY 2022 Change YoY APAC / Africa 130.5 199.3 +52.7% France 96.0 128.6 +34.0% Americas 83.5 109.2 +30.7% Europe (excl. France & Germany) 164.7 210.2 +27.6% Germany 102.4 113.6 +11.0% Total 577.2 760.8 +31.8%In FY’22  revenue growth reached +52.7% in Asia Pacific and Africa which represented 26.2% of Group revenues (versus 22.6% in FY’21). Market dynamics remained strong throughout the year despite a slowdown in the growth of ad-funded streaming revenues since June’22 which impacted the activity of the region. The expansion of premium services’ offer and the strategic partnerships with Think Music and VMAG enabled strong growth in India and Southeast Asia  while the Group accelerated its development in Greater China during the year.In France  revenues increased by +34.0% in FY’22 and represented 16.9% of Group revenues. The Group confirmed its position as a key player in France and its capacity to develop better and further established artists  newcomers  and catalogue within a digital world. Besides  Believe increased its appeal to a wider variety of music genres  notably thanks to the strategic partnerships signed with Play Two and Jo&Co which contributed to accelerating the revenue growth in FY’22.Americas grew by +30.7% and represented 14.3% of Group revenues  reflecting the success of TuneCore’s “new artist” plan which allows music creators an unlimited release of their songs to the music libraries of social platforms for no upfront fee (revenue share model) and was launched in November 2021. The full deployment of TuneCore Unlimited Pricing in June was also successful but impacted revenue by subscriber as anticipated. It is expected that this impact will be offset with a ramp up in the subscription b ase in the future. Believe also benefitted from the strength of its business in Brazil which remained very dynamic throughout the year.Europe (excluding France and Germany) recorded revenue growth of +27.6% and represented 27.6% of total revenues in FY’22 (versus 28.5% in FY’21 reflecting decreasing weight of the Russian business). The Group remained on a strong growth trajectory in the UK  Southern Europe and Eastern Europe  while the level of activity remained sustained in Italy. Revenues in the region were nevertheless affected by lower revenue growth in Turkey (currency effect on the market) and Russia (that represented c. 7.5% of the Group revenue in FY’22).In Germany  revenues increased by +11.0% in FY’22 and represented 14.9% of Group revenues. This performance was mostly driven by digital activities which outperformed the local market and the success of Believe on local repertoire. Non-digital sales continued to drag on the overall performance as the Group is still exiting from contracts which are too heavy in physical sales.Premium and Automated Solutions both driving the revenue growth and greater artist monetization as illustrated by Digital Music Sales which surpassed €1.1bnDigital Music Sales2 amounted to €1.1billion in FY’22  confirming the success of the Group’s model and commercial strategy to best serve artists and labels at all stages of their career.Premium Solutions DMS  which are the basis of digital revenues in the segment recorded significant growth of +33.8% to reach 658.6 million in FY’22. Revenues amounted to €712.6 million  up +31.6% year-over-year reflecting strong organic growth (+32.5%). The positive perimeter effect related to the integration of FY’21 acquisitions was offset by a negative exchange rate impact driven by the devaluation of the Turkish lira. With more music genres becoming digital  Believe accelerated its investment in key markets expanding its services’ offer and local capabilities in the last years. This resulted in a strong performance throughout the year and strengthened market positions in several geographies.Automated Solutions reported DMS of €475.6 million  up +10.1% year-over-year. Revenues  which are not directly correlated to DMS due to the subscription model of TuneCore  amounted to €48.2 million or an increase of +34.5%. This strong performance reflected organic growth of +27.1% and a positive forex impact mainly related to the appreciation of the dollar versus the euro. The launch of the new pricing offer drove subscriptions up  while revenue per subscriber reflected positive trends with an increased number of creators switching from the discovery offer to the highest pricing plan throughout the second half of 2022. The level of activity was also supported by the international deployment of TuneCore and its localization strategy.Improvement of the Adjusted EBITDA margin thanks to better amortization of Central Platform costsAligned with the strong organic growth  Adjusted EBITDA pre-Central Platform costs3 grew by 29.4% in FY’22 to reach €107.9 million (versus €83.3 million in FY’21). Believe continued investing throughout 2022 to support its profitable growth strategy. In Premium Solutions  the Group deployed additional sourcing and servicing capabilities across its key markets with a strong focus on Europe and Asia  given growth prospects in the regions. In Automated Solutions  the Group pursued its investment to deploy the new Unlimited Pricing offering and further upgrade the user experience on TuneCore interface  including the development of new features. Overall  the Adjusted EBITDA margin pre-Central Platform costs were stable compared with FY’21 and amounted to 14.2% of revenue. This margin includes growth investment in both segments  which represented approximately 5% of total revenues for FY’22.The Central Platform costs (€73.2 million in FY’22 versus €60.0 million in FY’21) have continued to decrease over revenue representing 9.6% of Group revenues compared with 10.4% in FY’21. As announced at the IPO  the scale up of the Central Platform has been completed by the end of 2020. Since then  the Group has pursued its investment in the Central Platform but at a much lower pace to remain at the forefront of innovation  to further strengthen its relationships with digital partners and deploy its solutions to more market segments and music genres. Consequently  Believe continued its investment on its proprietary tech-enabled products and solutions to optimize their efficiencies and impact  notably by deploying more spending in data analysis and digital marketing  both key in the audience and monetization development solutions that local teams leverage to service artists and labels.As for previous years  some Central Platform investments are capitalized under IFRS accounting principles. In FY’22  total investment (P&L and capitalized costs) in the Central Platform amounted to c. €89 million. Total investment went up +11.2% year-over-year compared with organic revenue growth of +32.2%.The Group’s Adjusted EBITDA amounted to €34.7 million in FY’22 compared with €23.3 million in FY’21  up +48.9% year-over-year  as the better amortization of Central Platform costs is providing solid operating leverage. Consequently  Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 4.6% in FY’22 compared with 4.0% in FY’21 and is well on track with the mid-term objective (Group adjusted EBITDA margin of 5% to 7% by 2025).Operating loss (EBIT) reflecting an increase in D&A related to FY’21 acquisitionsDepreciation & Amortization amounted to €44.9 million in FY’22 compared with €33.7 million in FY’21. This increase was mostly related to the acquisitions completed in Q4’21. As a result EBIT amounted to €(22.3) million in FY’22  compared with a loss of €(19.6) million in FY’21.Positive free cash flow and solid level of firepower for the M&A strategyFree cash flow was positive by €52.0 million in FY’22  a significant improvement compared with last year (€30.7 million negative in FY’21). Believe returned to positive free cash flow generation thanks to a working capital variation of €53.4 million  the increase in Adjusted EBITDA and lower capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues (3.3% versus 4.6% in FY’21).Working capital variation was back to positive territory as customer advances progressed but were not marked by longer term contracts with large labels. In FY’21  the renewal of several tier one labels based on longer term generated a peak in advances. In addition  the positive working capital variation was enhanced by an annual installment of approximately €20 million from one digital partner  which was renewed in Q3’22 and switched from quarterly to annual payment in advance.Cash on the balance sheet amounted to €303.3 million at the end of December’22 compared with €262.7 million at the end of December’21  mostly reflecting the positive free cash flow generation. Believe has therefore surpassed its post-IPO cash level and is well positioned to further execute its bolt-on M&A strategy in FY’23.FY’23 OUTLOOK AND MID-TERM OBJECTIVESSince the IPO  Believe has demonstrated its capacity to control its investment cycle according to its organic growth and deliver on its profitability trajectory. In FY’23  the Group will therefore continue to drive a profitable growth trajectory towards its long-term profitability objective.For FY’23  the Group is organized to deliver profitable growth in a scenario of a degraded economic environment impacting ad-funded streaming activities. Believe is also ready to accelerate its investments if macro-economic conditions enable the Group to generate stronger growth.Believe’s growth scenario for FY’23 implies further increase and deployment of paid streaming  additional market share gains and challenging ad-funded streaming monetization. The switch from ad-supported to paid streaming is also expected to further progress in all markets. Based on these assumptions  Believe expects FY’23 organic growth to be around +18% for the Group. This would represent an organic CAGR of c. +25% for the period 2021-2023.Believe is committed to continue investing in its Central Platform to be at the forefront of innovation. The Group will also pursue its strong investments in local sales and capabilities to fuel its profitable growth and seize opportunities offered by the accelerated digitalization of a wider variety of music genres. The Group is also committed to raising progressively its Adjusted EBITDA margin and will therefore monitor its investment pace and focus on improving efficiency to reach an Adjusted EBITDA margin of c. 5% in FY’23.The Group is expected to generate positive free cash flow for the full year. It will benefit from a second annual installment of approximately €20 million in Q3’23 from one of its digital partners  which was renewed in Q3’22.Overall  the Group is on track with its strategic roadmap to build the best digital music company to develop digital artists at all stages of their career. Believe confirms its medium-term trajectory communicated at the IPO  including a 2021-2025 CAGR of between +22% and +25% and a Group Adjusted EBITDA of 5%-7% by 2025  implying a segment Adjusted EBITDA margin of 15%-16% (which is a ""high growth period"" margin  as the revenue growth is partially reinvested). Believe reiterates its confidence in its ability to achieve its long-term target of at least 15% Group Adjusted EBITDA margin.Webcast:We will host a webcast https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/hdkgs2ca and conference call starting at 6:30 p.m. CET (5:30 p.m. GMT) today. Denis Ladegaillerie  our Founder and CEO  and Xavier Dumont  our Chief Financial and Strategy Officer  will present FY 2022 revenues and earnings and answer questions addressed in the call or submitted through the webcast. All information related to the annual results are available on our investor website: Believe - Investors Website - FinancialsConference call details:France  Paris: +33 (0) 1 70 91 87 04United Kingdom  London: +44 1 212 818 004United States  New York: +1 718 705 87 96Conference ID: 883652023 financial agenda Believe (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9):27 April 2023: Q1 2023 revenues - Press release to be issued after market close16 June 2023 : Shareholders’ Annual General Meeting2 August 2023: H1 2023 revenues and earnings - Press release to be issued after market close24 October 2023: Q3 2023 revenues - Press release to be issued after market closeInvestor Relations & Financial mediaEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comTel: +33 1 53093391Cell: + 33 6 07 09 98 60 Press RelationsManon JESSUAmanon.jessua@believe.comAgathe Joubertagathe.joubert@agenceproches.comCell: +33 7 63 13 60 99Appendix1. Use of Alternative Performance IndicatorsTo supplement our financial information presented in accordance with IFRS  we use the following non-IFRS financial measures:DMS is the revenue generated from digital store partners and social media platforms before royalty payment to artists and labels.Organic growth accounts for revenue growth at a like-for-like perimeter and at constant exchange rate.Adjusted EBITDA is calculated based on operating income (loss) before (i) depreciation  amortization and impairment  (ii) share-based payments (IFRS 2) including social security contributions and employer contributions (iii) other operating income and expense; and (iv) depreciation of assets identified at the acquisition date net of deferred taxes from the share of net income (loss) of equity-accounted companies.Free cash flow corresponds to net cash flows from operating activities  after taking into account acquisitions and disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and restated for (i) costs related to acquisitions  (ii) acquisition costs of a group of assets  that does not meet the definition of a business combination and (iii) advances related to distribution contracts intended specifically for the acquisition of assets (acquisition of companies  catalogs  etc).2. Quarterly revenues by divisionin € million Q1’21 Q1’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 115.6 151.1 +30.7% +31.6% Automated solutions 8.5 11.4 +33.6% +28.6% Total revenues 124.1 162.5 +30.9% +31.4%in € million Q2’21 Q2’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 127.5 178.1 +39.7% +40.2% Automated solutions 8.5 11.6 +36.3% +27.6% Total revenues 136.0 189.7 +39.5% +39.4%in € million Q3’21 Q3’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 135.3 184.4 +36.2% +37.7% Automated solutions 8.6 12.6 +46.8% +36.1% Total revenues 143.9 197.0 +36.9% +37.6%in € million Q4’21 Q4’22 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 162.9 199.0 +22.2% +22.9% Automated solutions 10.2 12.5 +23.3% +17.5% Total revenues 173.1 211.6 +22.3% +22.6%3. Q4 revenues by geographyin € million Q4’21 Q4’22 Change YoY Asia-Pacific / Africa 41.7 56.2 +34.8% France 28.4 35.1 +23.5% Americas 25.1 30.8 +22.7% Europe (excl. France & Germany) 48.4 58.7 +21.2% Germany 29.5 30.9 +4.7% Total 173.1 211.6 +22.3%4. Revenue breakdown between digital and non-digital salesQ1’21 Q2’21 Q3’21 Q4’21 FY’21 Q1’22 Q2’22 Q3’22 Q4’22 FY’22 Digital sales 90% 92% 92% 90% 91% 93% 92% 94% 91% 92% Non-digital sales 10% 8% 8% 10% 9% 7% 8% 6% 9% 8%5. Digital and non-digital sales growth (as reported)Q1’22 Q2’22 H1’22 Q3’22 Q4’22 H2’22 FY’22 Digital sales +35.3% +40.1% +37.8% +39.6% +22.8% +30.5% +33.8% Non-digital sales -6.5% +32.1% +11.4% +6.1% +17.6% +12.9% +12.2%About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 650 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe  TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack  AllPoints  Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9). www.believe.comForward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions  strategies  growth prospects  and trends in its results of operations  financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors  including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards) accounting measures.1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 1 of this press release (page 8).2. Digital Music Sales or DMS is a non IFRS measure defined in appendix 13. The Adjusted EBITDA pre-central platform costs consists in the Adjusted EBIITDA of the Automated and Premium Solutions segments before taking into account central platform costs. Central platform costs account for the costs that cannot be allocated by segmentAttachment",neutral,0.38,0.61,0.01,mixed,0.8,0.09,0.11,True,English,"[""strong FY'22 operational"", 'financial performance', 'mid-term objectives', 'IPO plan', 'Believe', 'trajectory', 'Positive Free cash flow generation', 'negative free cash flow', 'YoY Organic change Group Revenues', 'Additional market share gains', 'significant cash flow', 'degraded economic environment', 'audience development products', 'financial rating agencies', 'key CSR indicators', 'best music company', 'differentiated digital capabilities', 'ad-funded streaming monetization', 'strong growth momentum', 'Central Platform costs', 'digital music sales', 'current market conditions', 'digital music genres', 'profitable growth strategy', '15% Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'Digital revenue growth', 'Strong FY’22 operational', 'Group profitability improvement', 'organic growth', 'Net cash', 'music market', 'financial performance', 'current rate', 'Significant level', 'macro-economic conditions', 'progressive improvement', 'differentiated positioning', 'digital expertise', 'operational efficiencies', 'digital ecosystem', 'digital revenues', 'Strong performance', 'strong renewals', 'growth scenario', '2022 Key Figures1', 'acquisition strategy', 'winning strategy', 'English French', 'mid-term objectives', 'successful positioning', 'new artist', 'label signings', 'clear perception', 'Premium Solutions', 'M&A', 'long-term target', 'base scenario', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'second year', 'competitive advantages', 'digital world', 'wide variety', 'Operating income', 'operating activities', 'balance sheet', 'outstanding performance', 'growing number', 'key markets', 'The Group', 'IPO plan', 'IPO commitments', 'Automated Solutions', 'investment cycle', 'technology solutions', 'existing portfolio', 'local teams', 'profitability trajectory', 'top artists', 'local labels', 'Paris', 'France', 'March', 'end', 'December', '2022 Highlights', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'appeal', 'amortization', 'firepower', 'Shape', 'Good', '2023 Outlook', 'Believe', 'capacity', 'investments', 'case', 'assumptions', 'increase', 'challenging', 'opportunities', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'operations', 'partners', 'quality', 'services', 'passion', 'stages', 'career', 'scale', 'belief', 'loss', 'businesses', 'roster', 'model', 'DMS', '€']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,globenewswire.com
20640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-report-promoting-a-sustainable-future-for-chinas-travel-industry-301772857.html,New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry,Accor  together with Trip.com Group and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendations SHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership …,"Accor  together with Trip.com Group and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ - Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  and global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company  today published a new educational whitepaper that examines the environmental impact of China's tourism sector  analyses Chinese travelers' sentiment towards sustainability and ultimately sets out actions key stakeholders in China's tourism sector need to take to foster sustainable travel. The pioneering survey identifies a series of sustainable changes that ought to be made  from the everyday to the systemic  which can support the travel and hospitality of tomorrow with the intention of becoming an informative industry reference tool for change. The report  entitled ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China""  proposes that by adopting a set of collaborative measures across the industry value chain  from guests to major global providers  China's tourism sector could move toward a more sustainable future.New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry (CNW Group/Accor) New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry (CNW Group/Accor) New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry (CNW Group/Accor) New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry (CNW Group/Accor)The world is facing an unprecedented sustainability challenge and the Chinese tourism industry has a significant role in the required transformation of hospitality. According to the World Travel and Tourism Council  China is expected to have the world's largest tourism market by 2032 and  prior to the pandemic  was already one of the biggest global markets. Analysis for the whitepaper found the environmental impact of China's travel industry is substantial: tourism represented approximately 6-8% of China's total carbon emissions in 2019.Data from McKinsey found that Chinese travelers are engaged about their environmental impact and are starting to seek out sustainable alternatives  but the report found they may need more help understanding where to look. Trip.com Group found that 85% of Chinese travelers rate travel sustainability as important or very important  while 60% are concerned about climate change. However  the paper found  at the same time  that Chinese consumers are not yet used to the idea of paying extra for sustainable travel. As such  it is important to provide travelers guidance regarding sustainability costs  highlighting the industries' efforts to improve provision of sustainable offerings. This will increase willingness to pay by showing the burden to be shared and that price rises will only be short-term.In response to this  the report provides guidance on the actions that travelers can take to travel sustainably and to empower their own consumer decisions  including booking sustainable travel options with certified service providers  spending more time in one destination  and cultivating sustainable habits such as changing towels or bed linen less frequently and refusing to use single-use plastics in guest experience. Traveler behavior is just the first consideration the report highlights. Long-term sustainability will be achieved in tandem with initiatives from tourism providers  who hold a responsibility to inspire travelers' mindset.The whitepaper sets out a series of suggestions for the hospitality industry to support the Chinese traveler in their understanding of sustainable travel  inspire behavioural change and ultimately support the sector's journey towards a net positive model  one which gives more than it takes. Such recommendations include using technology platforms to make sustainable travel options more visible online  using labelling to ensure travelers are informed on the environmental impact of their actions  providing incentives to encourage sustainable behavior  and training employees to adopt a sustainability mindset.While greater traveler awareness and willingness to choose sustainable options combined with tourism providers' individual adoption of more sustainable practices can help China's travel sector realize ""quick-wins"" in sustainable impact  lasting sustainability improvements require collective industry-wide effort. The report concludes as a call to action for the hospitality industry to work together hand in hand to achieve sustainable transformation in China. This collaborative project is a starting point for this collective mindset  as a resource which can be used by guests and industry players alike in a united effort for positive change.At a press conference held at the iconic Fairmont Peace hotel in Shanghai  to launch the report  top executives from Accor  Trip.com Group  and McKinsey & Company shared their perspectives on sustainable travel in China.Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO Accor  said: ""People and sustainability are at the heart of everything we do. When it comes to sustainability there are no individuals  only collectives  and this paper represents a major step-forward for this collaborative industry approach. Impactful change cannot be made alone; transformation happens together. Traveling across China and around the world responsibly can connect people and Accor is proud to lead this collective journey  supporting local communities  protecting biodiversity  as well as sharing and engaging in more sustainable habits. Sustainability is crucial and we have been so pleased to work with our strategic partner Trip.com Group and trusted advisor and counselor McKinsey on this meaningful sustainability-focused White Paper to continue to drive positive change for our guests  talents and partners.""Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group  said: ""We are thrilled to be leading the charge for sustainable travel and promoting responsible tourism practices in the industry. Our commitment to harmonious coexistence between people and nature has driven us to implement green and environmental protection practices  such as our 'Green Tourism Goals'  which has already reached millions of global tourists. By collaborating with strategic partners  including Accor and McKinsey & Company  we aim to integrate the social and commercial value of green and environmental protection  creating new business growth opportunities for partners. Our goal is to pave the way for a more sustainable and responsible travel industry.""Jonathan Woetzel  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company and Director of McKinsey Global Institute said: ""The Chinese tourism industry is large enough to take the lead in advancing the sustainability agenda. As travelers resume their adventures  each step of their journey presents opportunities to make choices and take concrete actions that could immediately reduce their environmental footprint. But the burden is not on the traveler alone. Long-term change calls for collaboration between actors across the entire travel industry  from hotels and travel agencies to green investors and technology suppliers.""Download ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China"" – joint research in travel sustainability in China HERE.Download high resolution images: https://we.tl/t-0EcClCiNFpAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .Accor  towards net positive hospitalityAccor was the first hospitality Group to set an ambitious science-based emissions reduction target: -46% absolute emissions by 2030 compared to the 2019 base year  validated by the SBTi; with an ultimate goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050. To date  84% of hotels in the Accor network have also successfully removed 46 types of single use plastics in their guest experience and 97% of employees at a HQ level have completed the ""School for Change"" training to embed an ESG approach in every aspect of Accor business strategy and operations.About Trip.com GroupTrip.com Group is a leading global travel service provider comprising of Trip.com  Ctrip  Skyscanner  and Qunar. Across its platforms  Trip.com Group helps travellers around the world make informed and cost-effective bookings for travel products and services and enables partners to connect their offerings with users through the aggregation of comprehensive travel-related content and resources  and an advanced transaction platform consisting of apps  websites and 24/7 customer service centers. Founded in 1999 and listed on NASDAQ in 2003 and HKEX in 2021  Trip.com Group has become one of the best-known travel groups in the world  with the mission ""to pursue the perfect trip for a better world"". Find out more about Trip.com Group here: https://group.trip.com/About McKinsey & CompanyMcKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations realize sustainable  inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive change for all their stakeholders. We combine bold strategies and transformative technologies to help organizations innovate more sustainably  achieve lasting gains in performance  and build workforces that will thrive for this generation and the next.Today we have more than 1 400 partners  consultants  and professional support staff located across six locations in China: Beijing  Chengdu  Hong Kong  Shanghai  Shenzhen  and Taipei. Learn more about McKinsey Greater China at www.mckinsey.com/cnSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['New Report', 'Sustainable Future', 'Travel Industry', 'China', 'leading global travel service provider', 'iconic Fairmont Peace hotel', 'global management consulting firm', 'informative industry reference tool', 'biggest global markets', 'certified service providers', 'major global providers', 'total carbon emissions', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'Trip.com Group', 'net positive model', 'greater traveler awareness', 'industry value chain', 'largest tourism market', 'unprecedented sustainability challenge', 'lasting sustainability improvements', 'collective industry-wide effort', 'world-leading hospitality group', ""Chinese travelers' sentiment"", 'sustainable travel options', 'Chinese tourism industry', 'new educational whitepaper', 'tourism providers', 'sustainable options', 'CNW Group', 'collective mindset', 'united effort', 'Travel Industry', 'Chinese consumers', 'Traveler behavior', 'industry players', 'positive change', 'eco-friendly travel', 'travel sustainability', 'Tourism Council', 'sustainable changes', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable alternatives', 'sustainable offerings', 'sustainable habits', 'sustainable behavior', 'sustainable practices', 'sustainable impact', 'sustainable transformation', 'hospitality industry', 'travel sector', 'consumer recommendations', 'environmental impact', 'key stakeholders', 'pioneering survey', 'collaborative measures', 'significant role', 'required transformation', 'sustainability costs', ""industries' efforts"", 'price rises', 'consumer decisions', 'one destination', 'bed linen', 'single-use plastics', 'guest experience', 'first consideration', 'Long-term sustainability', 'Such recommendations', 'technology platforms', 'sustainability mindset', 'individual adoption', 'collaborative project', 'starting point', 'press conference', 'top executives', 'tourism sector', ""travelers' mindset"", 'climate change', 'behavioural change', 'New Report', 'World Travel', 'same time', 'travelers guidance', 'CEO Accor', 'McKinsey', 'China', 'series', 'SHANGHAI', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'Company', 'actions', 'everyday', 'systemic', 'tomorrow', 'intention', 'path', 'guests', 'pandemic', 'Analysis', 'Data', 'help', 'idea', 'provision', 'willingness', 'burden', 'response', 'towels', 'tandem', 'initiatives', 'responsibility', 'suggestions', 'understanding', 'journey', 'labelling', 'incentives', 'employees', 'quick-wins', 'call', 'hand', 'resource', 'perspectives', 'Chairman', 'People']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-report-promoting-a-sustainable-future-for-chinas-travel-industry-301772905.html,New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry,Accor  together with Trip.com Group and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendations SHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership…,"Accor  together with Trip.com Group and McKinsey  launches whitepaper on sustainable travel in China and sets out series of industry and consumer recommendationsSHANGHAI  March 15  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor  a world-leading hospitality group  in partnership with Trip.com Group  a leading global travel service provider  and global management consulting firm McKinsey & Company  today published a new educational whitepaper that examines the environmental impact of China's tourism sector  analyses Chinese travelers' sentiment towards sustainability and ultimately sets out actions key stakeholders in China's tourism sector need to take to foster sustainable travel. The pioneering survey identifies a series of sustainable changes that ought to be made  from the everyday to the systemic  which can support the travel and hospitality of tomorrow with the intention of becoming an informative industry reference tool for change. The report  entitled ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China""  proposes that by adopting a set of collaborative measures across the industry value chain  from guests to major global providers  China's tourism sector could move toward a more sustainable future.New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel Industry New Report: Promoting a Sustainable Future for China's Travel IndustryThe world is facing an unprecedented sustainability challenge and the Chinese tourism industry has a significant role in the required transformation of hospitality. According to the World Travel and Tourism Council  China is expected to have the world's largest tourism market by 2032 and  prior to the pandemic  was already one of the biggest global markets. Analysis for the whitepaper found the environmental impact of China's travel industry is substantial: tourism represented approximately 6-8% of China's total carbon emissions in 2019.Data from McKinsey found that Chinese travelers are engaged about their environmental impact and are starting to seek out sustainable alternatives  but the report found they may need more help understanding where to look. Trip.com Group found that 85% of Chinese travelers rate travel sustainability as important or very important  while 60% are concerned about climate change. However  the paper found  at the same time  that Chinese consumers are not yet used to the idea of paying extra for sustainable travel. As such  it is important to provide travelers guidance regarding sustainability costs  highlighting the industries' efforts to improve provision of sustainable offerings. This will increase willingness to pay by showing the burden to be shared and that price rises will only be short-term.In response to this  the report provides guidance on the actions that travelers can take to travel sustainably and to empower their own consumer decisions  including booking sustainable travel options with certified service providers  spending more time in one destination  and cultivating sustainable habits such as changing towels or bed linen less frequently and refusing to use single-use plastics in guest experience. Traveler behavior is just the first consideration the report highlights. Long-term sustainability will be achieved in tandem with initiatives from tourism providers  who hold a responsibility to inspire travelers' mindset.The whitepaper sets out a series of suggestions for the hospitality industry to support the Chinese traveler in their understanding of sustainable travel  inspire behavioural change and ultimately support the sector's journey towards a net positive model  one which gives more than it takes. Such recommendations include using technology platforms to make sustainable travel options more visible online  using labelling to ensure travelers are informed on the environmental impact of their actions  providing incentives to encourage sustainable behavior  and training employees to adopt a sustainability mindset.While greater traveler awareness and willingness to choose sustainable options combined with tourism providers' individual adoption of more sustainable practices can help China's travel sector realize ""quick-wins"" in sustainable impact  lasting sustainability improvements require collective industry-wide effort. The report concludes as a call to action for the hospitality industry to work together hand in hand to achieve sustainable transformation in China. This collaborative project is a starting point for this collective mindset  as a resource which can be used by guests and industry players alike in a united effort for positive change.At a press conference held at the iconic Fairmont Peace hotel in Shanghai  to launch the report  top executives from Accor  Trip.com Group  and McKinsey & Company shared their perspectives on sustainable travel in China.Sébastien Bazin  Chairman & CEO Accor  said: ""People and sustainability are at the heart of everything we do. When it comes to sustainability there are no individuals  only collectives  and this paper represents a major step-forward for this collaborative industry approach. Impactful change cannot be made alone; transformation happens together. Traveling across China and around the world responsibly can connect people and Accor is proud to lead this collective journey  supporting local communities  protecting biodiversity  as well as sharing and engaging in more sustainable habits. Sustainability is crucial and we have been so pleased to work with our strategic partner Trip.com Group and trusted advisor and counselor McKinsey on this meaningful sustainability-focused White Paper to continue to drive positive change for our guests  talents and partners.""Jane Sun  CEO of Trip.com Group  said: ""We are thrilled to be leading the charge for sustainable travel and promoting responsible tourism practices in the industry. Our commitment to harmonious coexistence between people and nature has driven us to implement green and environmental protection practices  such as our 'Green Tourism Goals'  which has already reached millions of global tourists. By collaborating with strategic partners  including Accor and McKinsey & Company  we aim to integrate the social and commercial value of green and environmental protection  creating new business growth opportunities for partners. Our goal is to pave the way for a more sustainable and responsible travel industry.""Jonathan Woetzel  Senior Partner of McKinsey & Company and Director of McKinsey Global Institute said: ""The Chinese tourism industry is large enough to take the lead in advancing the sustainability agenda. As travelers resume their adventures  each step of their journey presents opportunities to make choices and take concrete actions that could immediately reduce their environmental footprint. But the burden is not on the traveler alone. Long-term change calls for collaboration between actors across the entire travel industry  from hotels and travel agencies to green investors and technology suppliers.""Download ""The path toward eco-friendly travel in China"" – joint research in travel sustainability in China HERE.Download high resolution images: https://we.tl/t-0EcClCiNFpAbout AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group offering experiences across more than 110 countries in 5 400 properties  10 000 food & beverage venues  wellness facilities or flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing more than 40 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. Accor is committed to taking positive action in terms of business ethics & integrity  responsible tourism  sustainable development  community outreach  and diversity & inclusion. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on Euronext Paris (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit www.group.accor.com or follow us on Twitter   Facebook   LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok .Accor  towards net positive hospitalityAccor was the first hospitality Group to set an ambitious science-based emissions reduction target: -46% absolute emissions by 2030 compared to the 2019 base year  validated by the SBTi; with an ultimate goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050. To date  84% of hotels in the Accor network have also successfully removed 46 types of single use plastics in their guest experience and 97% of employees at a HQ level have completed the ""School for Change"" training to embed an ESG approach in every aspect of Accor business strategy and operations.About Trip.com GroupTrip.com Group is a leading global travel service provider comprising of Trip.com  Ctrip  Skyscanner  and Qunar. Across its platforms  Trip.com Group helps travellers around the world make informed and cost-effective bookings for travel products and services and enables partners to connect their offerings with users through the aggregation of comprehensive travel-related content and resources  and an advanced transaction platform consisting of apps  websites and 24/7 customer service centers. Founded in 1999 and listed on NASDAQ in 2003 and HKEX in 2021  Trip.com Group has become one of the best-known travel groups in the world  with the mission ""to pursue the perfect trip for a better world"". Find out more about Trip.com Group here: https://group.trip.com/About McKinsey & CompanyMcKinsey is a global management consulting firm committed to helping organizations realize sustainable  inclusive growth. We work with clients across the private  public  and social sectors to solve complex problems and create positive change for all their stakeholders. We combine bold strategies and transformative technologies to help organizations innovate more sustainably  achieve lasting gains in performance  and build workforces that will thrive for this generation and the next.Today we have more than 1 400 partners  consultants  and professional support staff located across six locations in China: Beijing  Chengdu  Hong Kong  Shanghai  Shenzhen  and Taipei. Learn more about McKinsey Greater China at www.mckinsey.com/cnMedia contacts: Accor Global: Line Crieloue  [email protected]; Accor Greater China: Phyllis Sio  [email protected]; Trip.com Group: Trip.com Group Media team via [email protected]; McKinsey & Company: Ms. Xiaoyun Li  M: +86 157 0213 7190  E: [email protected]Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033584/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033582/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033580/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033583/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2033585/Accor_New_Report__Promoting_a_Sustainable_Future_for_China_s_Tra.jpgSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.83,0.16,0.01,True,English,"['New Report', 'Sustainable Future', 'Travel Industry', 'China', 'leading global travel service provider', 'iconic Fairmont Peace hotel', 'global management consulting firm', 'informative industry reference tool', 'biggest global markets', 'certified service providers', 'major global providers', 'Trip.com Group', 'total carbon emissions', 'Sébastien Bazin', 'net positive model', 'greater traveler awareness', 'industry value chain', 'largest tourism market', 'collective industry-wide effort', 'unprecedented sustainability challenge', 'lasting sustainability improvements', 'world-leading hospitality group', ""Chinese travelers' sentiment"", 'sustainable travel options', 'Chinese tourism industry', 'new educational whitepaper', 'tourism providers', 'sustainable options', 'collective mindset', 'united effort', 'Travel Industry', 'Chinese consumers', 'Traveler behavior', 'industry players', 'positive change', 'eco-friendly travel', 'Tourism Council', 'travel sustainability', 'sustainable changes', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable alternatives', 'sustainable offerings', 'sustainable habits', 'sustainable behavior', 'sustainable practices', 'sustainable impact', 'sustainable transformation', 'hospitality industry', 'travel sector', 'consumer recommendations', 'environmental impact', 'key stakeholders', 'pioneering survey', 'collaborative measures', 'significant role', 'required transformation', ""industries' efforts"", 'price rises', 'consumer decisions', 'one destination', 'bed linen', 'single-use plastics', 'guest experience', 'first consideration', 'Such recommendations', 'technology platforms', 'individual adoption', 'collaborative project', 'starting point', 'press conference', 'top executives', 'tourism sector', 'sustainability costs', 'Long-term sustainability', 'sustainability mindset', ""travelers' mindset"", 'climate change', 'behavioural change', 'New Report', 'World Travel', 'same time', 'travelers guidance', 'CEO Accor', 'McKinsey', 'China', 'series', 'SHANGHAI', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'Company', 'actions', 'everyday', 'systemic', 'tomorrow', 'intention', 'path', 'guests', 'pandemic', 'Analysis', 'Data', 'help', 'idea', 'provision', 'willingness', 'burden', 'response', 'towels', 'tandem', 'initiatives', 'responsibility', 'suggestions', 'understanding', 'journey', 'labelling', 'incentives', 'employees', 'quick-wins', 'call', 'hand', 'resource', 'perspectives', 'Chairman', 'People', 'heart', 'everything']",2023-03-15,2023-03-16,prnewswire.com
20642,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.stellantis.com/en/news/press-releases/2023/march/stellantis-announces-launch-of-the-first-tranche-of-its-share-buyback-program,Stellantis Announces Launch of the First Tranche of Its Share Buyback Program,AMSTERDAM - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Share Buyback Program (the “Program”) announced on February 22  2023  covering up to €1.5 billion (total purchase price excluding ancillary costs) to be executed in the open market with the intent to cancel the common shares acquired through the Program ,AMSTERDAM - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Share Buyback Program (the “Program”) announced on February 22  2023  covering up to €1.5 billion (total purchase price excluding ancillary costs) to be executed in the open market with the intent to cancel the common shares acquired through the Program  Stellantis has signed a share buyback agreement with an independent investment firm that makes its trading decisions concerning the timing of purchases independently of Stellantis.This agreement relates to the first tranche of the Program. This tranche will cover a maximum amount of up to €500 million.The first tranche of the Program shall start on March 17  2023 and end no later than June 19  2023. Common shares purchased under the Program will be cancelled in due course.Any buyback of common shares in relation to this announcement will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders held on April 13  2022  up to a maximum of 10% of the Company’s capital  or any renewed or extended authorization to be granted at a future general meeting of the Company. The purchase price per common share will be no higher than an amount equal to 110% of the market price of the shares on the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The market price will be calculated as the average of the highest price on each of the five days of trading prior to the date on which the acquisition is made  as shown in the official price list of the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The share buybacks will be carried out subject to market conditions and in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.Following the share buyback transaction for 69.1 million shares (2.2% of the Company’s capital) executed on September 15  2022  the remaining authorization stands at approximately 244 million shares  which is expected to be adequate to cover this Program  as well as any repurchase(s) of the 99.2 million shares currently owned by Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation under the terms announced on July 15  2022.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'First Tranche', 'Stellantis', 'Launch', 'Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'independent investment firm', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'official price list', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'share buyback transaction', 'future general meeting', 'total purchase price', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'share buyback agreement', 'Share Buyback Program', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'common share', 'share buybacks', 'market price', 'highest price', 'open market', 'market conditions', 'ancillary costs', 'due course', 'extended authorization', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'five days', 'applicable rules', 'remaining authorization', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', '69.1 million shares', '244 million shares', '99.2 million shares', 'first tranche', 'trading decisions', 'maximum amount', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'intent', 'timing', 'purchases', 'March', 'June', 'relation', 'announcement', 'authority', 'shareholders', 'April', 'capital', 'NYSE', 'average', 'date', 'acquisition', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'September', 'terms', 'July', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,stellantis.com
20643,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58578380-abivax-adjusts-its-2023-financial-communication-calendar-200.htm,Abivax Adjusts its 2023 Financial Communication Calendar,PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / March 16  2023 / Abivax SA (Euronext Paris:FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory ...,PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / March 16  2023 / Abivax SA (Euronext Paris:FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announces an update of its 2023 Financial Communications Calendar due to a technical adjustment of the Abivax Board of Director's Meeting to approve the financial statement 2022 as well as the resolutions to be submitted to the General Assembly 2023.Following the successful pricing of an oversubscribed EUR 130M financing on February 22  2023  the Company expanded its cash runway until the end of the second quarter of 2024.Further  Abivax would like to remind its shareholders that the Company has no exposure to any liquidity concern at any U.S. financial institution.Abivax 2023 Financial Communication CalendarWednesday  April 19  2023Publication of financial statements as of December 31  2022Publication of financial statements as of December 31  2022 Friday  April 28  2023Publication and release of the 2022 annual financial reportPublication and release of the 2022 annual financial report Monday  June 5  2023 - 10.00 a.m. (CEST)Shareholders' meetingShareholders' meeting Thursday  September 14  2023Publication of financial statements as of June 30  2023Publication of financial statements as of June 30  2023 Friday  September 29  2023Publication and release of 2023 half year reportAbout Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 - Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com . Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.Contacts:AbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22 Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax' management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictionsSOURCE: AbivaxView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/744244/Abivax-Adjusts-its-2023-Financial-Communication-Calendar,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.15,0.74,True,English,"['2023 Financial Communication Calendar', 'Abivax', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Investors Europe MC Services AG', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'U.S. financial institution', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Abivax 2023 Financial Communication Calendar', 'Public Relations France Primatice', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'Public Relations USA', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'EUR 130M financing', '2023 half year report', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'preclinical, pharmacokinetic, carcinogenicity', '2023 Financial Communications Calendar', '2022 annual financial report', 'Euronext compartment B', 'future clinical data', 'lead drug candidate', 'Press Relations', 'financial statement', 'immune system', 'technical adjustment', 'General Assembly', 'successful pricing', 'cash runway', 'second quarter', 'liquidity concern', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'ulcerative colitis', 'Abivax Communications', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Thomas Roborel', 'Jeanene Timberlake', 'patient recruitment', 'actual results', 'legal obligations', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'other things', 'regulatory authorities', 'other matters', 'commercial potential', 'product candidates', 'Special consideration', 'potential hurdles', 'regulatory agencies', 'IRBs/ethics committees', 'undue reliance', 'subsequent changes', 'Euronext Paris', 'looking statements', 'More information', 'forward-looking information', 'information purposes', 'press release', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax Board', 'Regina Jehle', 'Anne Hennecke', ""Abivax' management"", 'registration document', 'pharmaceutical products', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'various risks', 'pharmaceutical development', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', 'update', 'Director', 'resolutions', 'February', 'exposure', 'Wednesday', 'April', 'Publication', 'December', 'June', '10.00 a', 'Friday', 'September', 'Montpellier', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'Climens', 'jtimberlake', 'rooneypartners', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'respect', 'programs', 'expectations', 'contingencies', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'description', 'documents', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'labelling', 'availability', 'assessment', 'toxicity', 'CMC', 'Readers', 'law', 'advertisement', 'offer', 'solicitation']",2023-03-05,2023-03-16,finanznachrichten.de
20644,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-announces-launch-first-tranche-172700026.html,Stellantis Announces Launch of the First Tranche,The purchase price per common share will be no higher than an amount equal to 110% of the market price of the shares on the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The market price will be calculated as the average of the highest price on each of the five ...,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Announces Launch of the First Tranche of Its Share Buyback ProgramAMSTERDAM  March 16  2023 - Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis” or the “Company”) announced today that pursuant to its Share Buyback Program (the “Program”) announced on February 22  2023  covering up to €1.5 billion (total purchase price excluding ancillary costs) to be executed in the open market with the intent to cancel the common shares acquired through the Program  Stellantis has signed a share buyback agreement with an independent investment firm that makes its trading decisions concerning the timing of purchases independently of Stellantis.This agreement relates to the first tranche of the Program. This tranche will cover a maximum amount of up to €500 million.The first tranche of the Program shall start on March 17  2023 and end no later than June 19  2023. Common shares purchased under the Program will be cancelled in due course.Any buyback of common shares in relation to this announcement will be carried out under the authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders held on April 13  2022  up to a maximum of 10% of the Company’s capital  or any renewed or extended authorization to be granted at a future general meeting of the Company. The purchase price per common share will be no higher than an amount equal to 110% of the market price of the shares on the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The market price will be calculated as the average of the highest price on each of the five days of trading prior to the date on which the acquisition is made  as shown in the official price list of the NYSE  Euronext Milan or Euronext Paris. The share buybacks will be carried out subject to market conditions and in compliance with applicable rules and regulations  including the Market Abuse Regulation 596/2014 and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052.Following the share buyback transaction for 69.1 million shares (2.2% of the Company’s capital) executed on September 15  2022  the remaining authorization stands at approximately 244 million shares  which is expected to be adequate to cover this Program  as well as any repurchase(s) of the 99.2 million shares currently owned by Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation under the terms announced on July 15  2022.Story continues###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.18,0.54,True,English,"['First Tranche', 'Stellantis', 'Launch', 'Chinese JV partner Dongfeng Corporation', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'independent investment firm', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'vehicle shipment volumes', 'official price list', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'general economic environment', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'total purchase price', 'other anticipated aspects', 'global financial markets', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'share buyback agreement', 'future general meeting', 'share buyback transaction', 'Share Buyback Program', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'common share', 'share buybacks', 'market price', 'future financial', 'local economic', 'highest price', 'open market', 'market conditions', 'ancillary costs', 'due course', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'five days', 'applicable rules', 'repurchase(s', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'business strategies', 'future performance', 'current state', 'future expectations', 'inherent risks', 'undue reliance', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'new products', 'automotive products', 'political conditions', 'trade policy', 'automotive industry', 'tax reforms', 'tax laws', '69.1 million shares', '244 million shares', '99.2 million shares', 'First Tranche', 'operating results', 'Actual results', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'other changes', 'future events', 'trading decisions', 'remaining authorization', 'closing date', 'regional tariffs', 'similar terms', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'maximum amount', 'Launch', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'February', 'intent', 'timing', 'purchases', 'June', 'relation', 'announcement', 'authority', 'shareholders', 'April', 'capital', 'NYSE', 'average', 'acquisition', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'September', 'July', 'Story', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communications', 'operations', 'benefits', 'may', 'track', 'design', 'target', 'objective', 'forecast', 'projection', 'outlook', 'prospects', 'plan', 'guarantees', 'knowledge', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'circumstances', 'variety', 'factors', 'impact', 'ability', 'demand', 'cyclicality', 'enactment']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,uk.finance.yahoo.com
20645,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lelezard.com/en/news-20814351.html,Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call and Webcast for Full Year 2022 Financial Results,"Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"")  today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Thursday  March 23  2023 at 2 p.m. CET / 9 a.m. EDT  following the release of its financial results","Innate Pharma Announces Conference Call and Webcast for Full Year 2022 Financial ResultsInnate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (""Innate"" or the ""Company"")  today announced that the Company will hold a conference call on Thursday  March 23  2023 at 2 p.m. CET / 9 a.m. EDT  following the release of its financial results for the full year ending December 31  2022.Speakers during the call will be:Mondher Mahjoubi  Chief Executive OfficerJoyson Karakunnel  Executive Vice President  Chief Medical OfficerYannis Morel  Executive Vice President  Product Portfolio Strategy & Business DevelopmentFrédéric Lombard  Senior Vice President  Chief Financial OfficerDetails for the Virtual EventThe live webcast will be available at the following link:https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/611394672Participants may also join via telephone using the following registration link: https://registrations.events/direct/Q4E60253This information can also be found on the Investors section of the Innate Pharma website  www.innate-pharma.com. A replay of the webcast will be available on the Company website for 90 days following the event.About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma's broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of natural killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France  with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com.Information about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN codeTicker codeLEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including ""believe "" ""potential "" ""expect"" and ""will"" and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company's commercialization efforts and the Company's continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (""Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (""AMF"")  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma's website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (""SEC"")  including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.News published on 16 march 2023 at 02:05 and distributed by:",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Innate Pharma', 'Conference Call', 'Full Year', '2022 Financial Results', 'Webcast', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'global, clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company', 'Frédéric Lombard', 'natural killer cell biology', 'high unmet medical need', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'Full Year 2022 Financial Results', 'U.S. Securities', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Executive Vice President', 'Senior Vice President', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'diversified proprietary portfolio', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'Facteurs de Risque', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Product Portfolio Strategy', 'following registration link', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma website', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'following link', 'financial condition', 'product candidates', 'actual results', 'Mondher Mahjoubi', 'Joyson Karakunnel', 'Yannis Morel', 'clinical outcomes', 'immune system', 'broad pipeline', 'class clinical', 'preclinical candidates', 'tumor microenvironment', 'antibody engineering', 'innovative approach', 'major alliances', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'multi-products collaboration', 'ISIN code', 'Ticker code', 'risk factors', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'commercialization efforts', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'Exchange Commission', 'Annual Report', 'subsequent filings', 'Conference Call', 'Euronext Paris', 'press release', 'Virtual Event', 'Investors section', 'Company website', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'US office', 'AMF website', 'Business Development', 'live webcast', 'numerous risks', 'forward-looking information', 'IPH Nasdaq', '9 a', 'IPHA', 'Thursday', 'March', 'CET', 'December', 'Speakers', 'Details', 'events', 'Participants', 'telephone', 'registrations', 'Q4E60253', 'replay', '90 days', 'treatment', 'patients', 'cancer', 'several', 'pioneer', 'understanding', 'expertise', 'tumor-antigens', 'leaders', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Marseille', 'France', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'innate-pharma', 'LEI', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'potential', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'research', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'performance', 'achievements', 'reports', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country', 'News']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,lelezard.com
20646,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Completion of reregistration process  ticker change  and conclusion of trading suspension on Euronext Growth Oslo an https://t.co/V5jGKdRudf,nan,Completion of reregistration process  ticker change  and conclusion of trading suspension on Euronext Growth Oslo an https://t.co/V5jGKdRudf,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Oslo', 'reregistration process', 'ticker change', 'trading suspension', 'Completion', 'conclusion', 'V5jGKdRudf', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'reregistration process', 'ticker change', 'trading suspension', 'Completion', 'conclusion', 'V5jGKdRudf']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20647,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$CLCO Completion of reregistration process  ticker change  and conclusion of trading suspension on Euronext Growth… https://t.co/Tzbx4eOzN5,nan,$CLCO Completion of reregistration process  ticker change  and conclusion of trading suspension on Euronext Growth… https://t.co/Tzbx4eOzN5,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['reregistration process', 'ticker change', 'trading suspension', 'Euronext Growth', 'Completion', 'conclusion', 'reregistration process', 'ticker change', 'trading suspension', 'Euronext Growth', 'Completion', 'conclusion']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20648,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$CLCO Completion of reregistration process  ticker change  and conclusion of trading suspension on Euronext Growth… https://t.co/5OTcxtL5Pl,nan,$CLCO Completion of reregistration process  ticker change  and conclusion of trading suspension on Euronext Growth… https://t.co/5OTcxtL5Pl,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['reregistration process', 'ticker change', 'trading suspension', 'Euronext Growth', 'Completion', 'conclusion', 'reregistration process', 'ticker change', 'trading suspension', 'Euronext Growth', 'Completion', 'conclusion']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20649,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,TECHSTEP And CROSSWOOD On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Thursday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/tguxndo7cZ(VI… https://t.co/qn6Mt1MAo4,nan,TECHSTEP And CROSSWOOD On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Thursday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/tguxndo7cZ(VI… https://t.co/qn6Mt1MAo4,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,neutral,0.08,0.88,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Thursday', 'qn6Mt1MAo4', 'Euronext Session', 'CROSSWOOD', 'The', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Thursday', 'qn6Mt1MAo4']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20650,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@long_equity This is a great thread. I have been looking at Euronext for a few days. 17x earnings  10x EBITDA  25 p… https://t.co/jKSTyU0OTg,nan,@long_equity This is a great thread. I have been looking at Euronext for a few days. 17x earnings  10x EBITDA  25 p… https://t.co/jKSTyU0OTg,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['great thread', '17x earnings', '10x EBITDA', 'Euronext', 'days', 'jKSTyU0OTg', 'great thread', '17x earnings', '10x EBITDA', 'Euronext', 'days', 'jKSTyU0OTg']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20651,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 16  15:54:00: Correction: VEON publishes preliminary 4Q22 a… https://t.co/1cj7DOEkk0,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 16  15:54:00: Correction: VEON publishes preliminary 4Q22 a… https://t.co/1cj7DOEkk0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['preliminary 4Q22 a', 'Press Release', 'March', 'Correction', 'VEON', 'preliminary 4Q22 a', 'Press Release', 'March', 'Correction', 'VEON']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20652,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Rob_Kimbell London stock exchange is sliding down the world rakings  it's now only 8th in the world. Euronext in Amsterdam is 4th..,nan,@Rob_Kimbell London stock exchange is sliding down the world rakings  it's now only 8th in the world. Euronext in Amsterdam is 4th..,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['world rakings', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam', 'world rakings', 'Euronext', 'Amsterdam']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20653,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 16  13:27:00: Stellantis Announces Launch of the First Tran… https://t.co/NOc5tVLho9,nan,$Euronext [15s. delayed]: Issued Press Release on March 16  13:27:00: Stellantis Announces Launch of the First Tran… https://t.co/NOc5tVLho9,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Press Release', 'First Tran', 'March', 'Stellantis', 'Launch', 'Press Release', 'First Tran', 'March', 'Stellantis', 'Launch']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20654,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,EU500 1d: EuroNext has been dancing around 1444  and today we tested it from below  with a decent rejection. 1390 n… https://t.co/qQCFqITX8D,nan,EU500 1d: EuroNext has been dancing around 1444  and today we tested it from below  with a decent rejection. 1390 n… https://t.co/qQCFqITX8D,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['decent rejection', 'EuroNext', 'decent rejection', 'EuroNext']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
20655,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Helios Space Index: the first stock index for Europe’s space industry https://t.co/dOXLDkWdEw,nan,Euronext Helios Space Index: the first stock index for Europe’s space industry https://t.co/dOXLDkWdEw,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Helios Space Index', 'first stock index', 'space industry', 'Europe', 'Euronext Helios Space Index', 'first stock index', 'space industry', 'Europe']",2023-03-16,2023-03-16,Unknown
